great app. works well for small to medium size businesses on the go!
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
quickbooks online app needs lots of work still. the basic problem is it’s way too slow no matter where i am. usually end up just going through the internet. they are always changing things !😡
very powerful tool. the app is really nice and efficient. will get even better when the ability to create a credit note is made available on both ios and android devices. i really don't understand why this must have feature has not been added yet. thanks!
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
. not very user friendly. can't enter data easily. the point to download the app was to have an easy access to my account when i am out working or if i have walkups. i will be able to easily send out an invoice or charge a credit card.
. nice accounting apps.. very usefull..
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
. makes my whole world a million times faster and easier. thank you quick books from me and my family
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
doesn't work. app crashes on load and while logging in. pretty useless so far. :(
this might be 5 stars. the only thing... only thing!!! using square through the app .. or somehow sync invoices so they reflect in qb. if there is a way to do that then this is 5 stars!!
. awesome... works across all of my devices so i can invoice, receive payment and create customers wherever i am. i can even check to see who has and hasn't paid me and send a reminder email to them if needs be, all from my phone, tablet or laptop... should have used this ages ago instead of previous well known others.
frustrating. very difficult to use. setting it up was a nightmare
good app and getting better. really good features and helps when you are on the run. new reporting and features have been added which gives you quick company snapshots whilst you are away from the office
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
"qué pasa?. la aplicación simplemente dejo de funcionar. óptimo el icono, ""abre"" y se cierra de inmediato. desinstalarlo e instalé, y el problema continúa. solucionen, es una herramienta de trabajo!"
good app.
. this app works great on my computer but will not allow you to accept deposits on a mobile device.
can't do much. among other things, you can't enter billable time. this would be my main use for this app.
. easy to navigate
cis transactions. cannot carry out cis transactions in the app for some reason, you have to use the web version. this is really annoying and somewhat inconvenient. other than that, a great app....
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
easy and efficient!. the app serves perfectly to capture transactions on the go, snap a pic and enter amount and accounts then review later if needed on a computer. simple, some people expect this to be fully functional for some reason; if you need a fully functional program then you really should have the appropriate expenses towards computers and software anyways. this app makes the book keeping process easy as cake for clients and the accountant.
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
. some months ago, the functionality to add attachments to expenses stopped working, never got fixed. today the function to create expenses has vanished. is anyone actually testing this before it gets released?
defects still in app. app was brilliant until it started alerting that my trial expires so need to upgrade when i'm on a full package and not trial version? fix needed intiut.
awesome. love this app... i'm about to do a lot of work from my phone.
crashes and fails. it crashes, it fails and it's not as good as invoice2go sadly.
great app. keeps my business organized
onion vs. desktop. i have just purchased the desktop version. i would.like to use the app to record my expenses on the fly. from what i can tell you need to have an online account to do so. please help if there is a way.
find someone else.. their help desk refuses to speak to the actual person who handles my business books and wanted to do nothing more then waste my time when i have business to run! square is looking even better! 112019 updated response to quickbooks. the person was on the account and had full access. again wasting time and money and horrible customer service.
great app. coming from using xero for my accounting software, i can say this app and platform as a whole is far more superior. i would recommend to anyone to switch to quickbooks.
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
it’s having to log in constantly. i’ve been having a really problem with my ipad six generation lately, anytime i exit the app while writing up a quote and bounce backandforth between the information i need to enter into quickbooks. the app suffers a critical crash causing me to login several times with in an hour span. are there any bug fixes coming up? i suffer the same issue with my iphone xr and ipad pro.
solid app. it's a very good mobile app
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
gloria. unable to create an account. supposedly i already have an account. i've never installed this app before.
. very user friendly
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
not working!!!!!. i've had this program for a year and it's not working today!!! i can't accept edit or accept credit card payments.... argh!!
. another app failed to provide the timely support i needed. i have used quickbooks before and i am sure i will have a great experience!
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
. this app is useless and doesn't work properly on a phone
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
this app is worthless. literally none of the things i routinely do with quickbooks is possible with this app.
a great app. this has revolutionised my business. saving me hours of admin every week.
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
a poor mobile companion to qbo. there are so many things wrong with this app. for example, expenses have a note field that doesn't show notes entered in qbo (web). the length of the expense category field is so short that i can't distinguish among categories, especially nested ones. the app generally lacks the functionality it would need to make it a truly useful companion to qbo.
let's me keep my members accounts current. i need to be able to scan credit card's and and take payments from my members at our weekly meetings and this app helps me see their balance and details at a glance. i'd be lost without it.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
. scammers!!!! worst mistake you can make! this company is a bunch of scammers. i used this service for about a week and found that i can't stand it, so i canceled over a year ago. my credit card still gets charged 40 bucks every month. i've got my credit card company involved and everything. this company sucks!!!
qbo for iphone is amazing!!. i give it 5 stars and i love it. i have to say i am hoping they offer the ability to generate & email purchase orders from the app  then it will be complete!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. does not work well with android. the keyboard covers the buttons which kept me stuck when creating an invoice. invoices cannot be sorted by invoice numbers. why?!
. amazing. intuitive. simple to use. love it.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
i use it only because i have to.... i'm still waiting for $10,000 worth of invoices that my customers never received thanks to this god awful app. invoice2go is 10 times better.
amazing!!!. i love the fact that i can take a pic of a source document, it it will convert it into pdf file and attach it to the transaction! and i can do pretty much everything in bookkeeping from my iphone!
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
this app does not function properly on ios13. i cannot view any customer files. i can search for them, but the app will not let me click on a customer to edit invoices.
mr reviewer. it's good software & handy
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
". ""quickbooks online"" could stand to take a number of lessons from ""apple computers"" regards to customer support. anybody can tell you that making the transition from quickbooks desktop to quickbooks online is extremely difficult process. what makes it even more difficult is the poor level of customer support, starting with communication barriers. there is a whole sect of business professionals that are unwilling to make the transition because of the learning curve and poor customer service."
. great app
access to qb contacts please. love this app, means i can work while out with the kids. would be better if my phone was allowed access to my quickbooks contacts as my husband adds the contacts and they call before i have chance to add them to my phone.
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
great app. very good photo function. so, no need to save receipt.
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
still many bugs. still too many problems to be solved
. this is a great app and makes it easy to do so many parts of your bookkeeping through your phone. quickbooks online has been such a useful tool, and this is a great part of its use.
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
good app. .
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
horrible tech support. they couldn't even transfer my desktop file to quickbooks online. after one month they called me at 8pm to say it can't be done.
quick and easy to use. so much quicker and easier to use then getting on the computer!
. a great app. for basic functions, app is good. for full functionality, use a desk top computer for acess for online quickbooks is better to use.
. needs to be better i use desktop version for my small business. desktop version is great but i refuse to use mobile. freezes every time i click something, selecting store location is unavailable. its a shame such a good program is way behind on mobile capabilities. please make mobile like desktop
mobile app. great on the go invoicing, works great!
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
. the banking rarely syncs.. it hasn't synched in 15 days now! i know most of my invoices have been paid but i can't mark them off in the app and it's starting to get confusing. i can't tell which invoices are really over due... it's not the first time this has happened, it needs to be fixed!
great program. it handles almost everything a small business needs. best part is, it's very user friendly.
good mobile app.. good app. unfortunately it won't allow you to look up customers by address.
. won't let me unsubscribe to the app so stuck paying a monthly subscription for a service i don't use. there's better completely free apps out there.
. very effective app fkr my business, just starting to link in with using receipt bank to auto match the bills. happy recommend for small business, would ve nice to have mileage part of the self employed version included too.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
glitchy software loses emails really crappy support. issues remain for years intuit does not fix. loses emails all the time invoices say sent when they are not.
ótimo!. controlo as contas de minha empresa de forma fácil e segura.
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
can't log in.. it worked with my old phone. since i upgraded to an lg g5, i can't use it.
. it takes a working knowledge of what this app is capable of doing to fully grasp how useful it is. i am learning more every time i use it.
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
terrible wont setup after 3weeks. don’t even waste your time with this. they keep giving you barriers to setting up payroll and when you meet the criteria they inputting errors in your account. the end result is you paying for a service you’ll never receive
so simple. i love this programme. i allows my wife and accountant to see and work on everything at the same time as me out on the road. it has saved me so much time i can't quantify.
new update has stopped my app from working!!!. since the update i now can’t accept anything or change anything!!! the only thing i can do it add the expenses!!!! sort it out please!!!!!
doesn’t keep track of suppliers. this app works fine as long as you only want to send novices. unfortunately it doesn’t tell what you owe your suppliers and allow you to pay their bills, so while you are running around invoicing clients the suppliers will be sending the bailiffs round to your office.
not great but ok. i gave a review a few years ago when the online version first came out and it was bad. they resolved many of the issues and now it runs really well. i don't have any crashes can do almost everything that my laptop version online can do. i highly recommend it.
. whats the cost after free trial
. this app is horrible. why make something so bad? it needs a complete overhaul. i can't email receipts to an inbox, income transactions don't show gst amount like expenses, i can't view pdf receipts. it's just all round ugly and cumbersome and i've only used it for five minutes. i thought the xero app was bad but it's 5 stars compared to this trash. deleted.
great app. there is no other app like it. this is probably one of the easiest apps to use and it is very userfriendly. i use it for my business and i have instant access on my iphone. you can send invoices on a moments notice.
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
disappointed. the app on iphone is murch better. this app doesn't enable me to take pictures of recipes. very limited. needs to be more like the iphone app
. fast efficient and tech savvy.
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
"too many missing features. can't add time entries, even simple ones, have to pay (a lot) for a third party app. not acceptable for a single user company that doesn't sell products, only time that needs to be tracked. can't view current ""sales"" status of unbilled items. can't email myself receipts and have them automatically entered as expenses bank transactions that i've excluded keep showing up. again and again. i'd like to configure away unused modulesfunctions from the menu"
. no bugs yet.
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
. i haven't been able to use this app for a really long time, all the sudden it doesn't save my login details anymore, hard to login, once i logged in and try to go next step, it logged me out and says tempary not available. super annoying!!
great app. love this app. it makes running my business easier.
problem with quickbooks. i am having a problem putting my logo as the letterhead on an invoice
crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim.
david hall. great app , excellent for small business
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
horrible. had to get because of credit card swiper. ever since installed takes dozen times to save anything and same with login. anything to do with saving glitches constantly.
ease of use app. loving to use app on phone writing invoices.
. it's a decent app. not quite a full model with some basics left out. also, they need to make it available for kindle.
ipad trouble. i’ve been using the self employed app for almost two years. i had some issues with crossover between a new mac and my iphone. though a painful process, tech support eventually fixed it. now after downloading the app on ipad, the app won’t work on the ipad. says mobile access isn’t available. well what have i been doing on my phone for two years then?
. i love the way it keeps me up to date. this has really helped to keep me organized and i really like how easy it is to send invoices, accept payments and track their interactions with your company.
a couple requests. could you make the search able to search by words in the invoice. i do automotive repair. like if i typed in starter it would show all invoices with that in it
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
. so quick and simple!
. good app, but it is expensive....
. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. kindly update your android apps. very unproductive to use. will be migrating out. useless for people on the go. slow data sync. when not working, still need use a laptop.
. i like everything, really good app to use!!! you guy, still need to work on user friendly things.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
session expired loop. every time i log in i get a session expired message and logs me out. app is not usable.
ease of use. being able to utilize the app on mobile has made billing my customers so much easier for my transport company. editing and immediately sending invoices for quick pay is a great option as well. i've been a quickbooks user for 20 years now and will likely not stop anytime soon.
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
typical intuit product. buggy, not awesome user experience. slow, lots of errors, doesn't work most of the time and no support. use freshbooks or something else if you care about running a business.
excellent. really good app. carry your whole business in your pocket. 6 months of using it and it's excellent.
expenses. how do add an expense thats on a 30 or 60 day account?
no app support for time activity. come on quickbooks! no time activity entry in the app?! ridiculous!
great mobile execution. this is a great extension of qb online and includes the same userfriendly interface. it makes sending invoices on the go a breeze. love it!
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!! also, the separation of vendor mtce from vendor transactions is opposite of the web interface. same for customers.
qbo saves us time and unnecessary work.. we love using the app at our company. integrating the payments and signing contracts on ipads has helped make a huge difference.
program not working. i pay itunes for subscription. i pay directly to them and my program is not accessible to me because it says is expired. i make a case with them 1 mouth ago. create another case 2 days ago. and still i am not able to use the program. payed buy me 2 times (direct to them and itunes). do not use this program you will regret like me.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
best accounting software i ve used so far.. after using some 10 accounting softwares i ve chosen quickbooks. this the most easiest and best option available in the indian market....and of course most affordable also.
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
. half the time it won't email out an estimateinvoice. owning a business, this should be resolved.
. love it! makes my accounting software much easier. no time wasting and sent direct to the customer and most times get paid straight away. fabulous!
. it's nice to have access to qbo account if computer is not available. 4 star due to some functions available thru online but not in the app. i am a qboa user and a pro advisor.
doesn't sync open bills or invoices. it doesn't show any of my current or closed bills that have been entered for vendors.
the essential app. who thought being on top of your accounts would be so much fun. benefit from the experience of the pioneers. you will be impressed to see how easy it is to use. trial this and you will thank your self for doing so.
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
rip off. installed as companion to desktop. feature guide limited to decide which online version to choose. chose simple version since my needs are simple... no, wrong version, could i upgrade, no... support desk said i’d then lose the introductory half price... changed version... losing £6... chose next tier up for billing, £9 per month... no, wrong version again... so i’ve lost £15 and now need to upgrade to the plus version... beware folks, money grabbing machine.
keeps getting more user friendly!. the new video tutorials make it easy to learn. the portability of switching between the mobile app and the desktop version online is a priceless feature, thanks for all of your hard work!
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
. will not honor my subscription. extremely unhelpful support, giving me the run around. 1 week into paying, still no use of the app, and they will not help!
. quick books online is perfect for a small business owner like myself. i can have a professional bookkeeping,payroll, and tax service with also being able to provide estimates and invoices out in the field. its perfect!! thanks so much much quick books. trey blocker blocket tree service
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
the app have few bugs & the customer support sounds like they not familiar with their products. when you create a new customer and saving it and then you need to change some information in the contact it still shows the previous info contacted customer support few times and they are useless
easy to use, powerful, accessible and secure.. i've been using it for 2 years and it's been great.
. after i finish a job i get my invoice right out to my clients, it starts that (30day net) clock ticking.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
electrician. most important tool of my business.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
. crashes each time it opens.
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
found a problem. when creating an invoice adding parts even if you search when you go back to it to add another part it’s still in that same form from before and if you cancel nothing happens you would have to search for whatever else you want by name, you can’t just scroll please fix
great app!. only complaint is i wish i could create a invoice and with the total job and then invoice for a smaller amount keeping the job total on the same invoice if that makes sense. no other complaints. overall i would recommend to anyone!
great. does everything i need it to do onsite. kinda wish it looked more like the tablet version though
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck. all fixed. awesome work!!!!!
doesn't work, won't use it. it continually crashes upon start up and log in attempt but i'm not desperate to find out why.
great app!. great app for small medium enterprises
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
do not update to ios 13. if you rely on the app, don’t update to ios 13 until they make it compatible. it crashes on startup after face id.
. quickbooks online helps my company operate from my truck & my house it is very easy to use & once you get the hang of it organizing my business for my accountant it helps in ways i can't explain
like it so far!. at this point i have only used the free trial version of this app. i like it. i do wish that it was linkable to my bank account or at least had a register like the software version i have used in the past but i am still going to buy the full version.
unable to log amex expenses while mobile.. this seems such a basic function that this app is missing.
. great app. life gets easier.
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
beware of this service. i was told today by their rep that they are a very small business and they are not prepared to handle medium to large business’ transactions. after we have made the switch and spent so much time converting everything over and using their service we were told that they only want to handle a small portion of transactions. ugh.
vino. great app very professional invoices from the computer
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
. what a faff! absolute joke, can't create items on android useless
awesome software. i'm a creative and figures aren't my thing, and i find it a dream to use. i'm so glad my accountant recommended it. having your accounts in the cloud just makes the whole laborious process a snip!
better than desktop. used to use desktop version of quick books which unless you were an accountant was near impossible for the average person to use. qb online is so much more user friendly!
app not working on my phone. app is currently not even loading before it crashes. nextbit robin on marshmallow 6.0.1. sent error report weeks ago and nothing yet...
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
no too bad. this app for the self employed version is pretty good. using the ipad is less so, mainly because it will not rotate into landscape view and the appearance of the interface is slightly blurry  not sharp like other apple apps. the features though, on the whole are pretty good.
. malfunctions on every level. did not attach a single receipt picture to the transaction. brought in the bank accounts and scrambled them. even on the desktop deposits are expenses and you cannot edit them
. so far go good. very nice app for tracking my business
truly mobile accounting apps. i have tried for a few days and it give me an impression that i can finish all my accounting without going back to desktop. it use the camera of phone wisely.
quickbooks renew account??. renewed my subscription for a year and i'm still locked out, every time i log in it keeps telling me to subscribe for 1 month i tried to go that way and it asked if i wanted to change my current year subscription? makes no sense.. wish some (tech support or program owner) fixes it i'm about to cancel it all..... wy small business owner
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
too sophisticated for just personal budgeting. i have been using quickbooks since 2006 and its predecessor before 2006. i only use it for my personal budgeting of 14 bank accts, 10 mortgages and 6 credit card transactions. sometimes i cannot figure out how to enter a transaction (transfers between accts, accepting matching transactions, credit card individual transactons versus balance payment) without creating a double entry or it cancelling out an entry. love, love, love the online version that i can access via iphone.
how did they not see this coming?. quickbooks is currently not working on any update from apple. doesn't work in ios 10, doesn't work on safari 10 on the mac, can't download the mac app! business has been crippled for days. a business app like this needs far better reliability!
quick books online is the best solution when your on the road. i have to be out of town and need the ability to interface with my main office and keep everything updated qbo does it simply!
. i have only problem is that my overdues 6 invoices are not showing in overdues... please clear this issue
how do i remove this app from my iphone?. i do not want to use thus app and now i cannot uninstall it from my iphone. l try by holding the icon and get a message asking if i want to share it. does not show in my settings so i cannot delete it there either. can't find online help.
. great app for business
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
useless!. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. mobile apps for ios and android sucks big time!
jimsop enterprises. it is good. it has provided a solution to my accounting problems
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your laptop or desktop.
. unable to edit or delete products on setup pretty disappointed couldnt load suppliers not an easyapp at all. plus the set tutorial is different to app presented for 10.95 a month
. still learning the ropes. so far so good. being able to submit quotations efficiently and itemized makes all the difference. quite easy to learn and keep track of expenses.
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
. loads, then crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled, and still crashes upon open. fingerprint doesn't work anymore. frustrating.
. i have been using this app for years to run my small construction company. i have never had major issues.
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
not free it's a trial. you should be more specific when choosing name. you shouldn't misdirect people with it.
. great app!
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
. love this app. makes tax time so much easier. couldn't be much happier.
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
. doesn't work for the last few months on any of my devices. called many times support and they said they are aware of the problem and they are working on it. this is insane!!! i'm paying every month to get the online version and it doesn't even let me sign in. it shouldn't take month to fix such a problem.
very useful. i run a small business with this software. i haven't found anything better yet!
. good app for a start up business and it will grow with your business.
worse update ever. finally you eat our petition to add calculator to the invoice keyboard and removed on this update? app freezes a lot
love this app!!. i love how easy to use this app is but my only problem is that i can't sync it with my company's ocbc account and my shopify's store's inventory.
little disappointed. qb on the cloud is a great idea and that's why i'm using it. however  wouldn't it be nice if the mobile version dis half what the desktop version does. i use mint for my personal finances and for a free service their app does it all. qb please get some programmers to get this app fully functional! i understand that you may not include every function but expenses??? that's something i expected to be able to do on the road.
40 min on hold with customer support. the app works fine, but 40 minutes on hold with customer support? not so much.
quickbooks fanatic. loving using quickbooks for my diesel mechanic business keeps all my files invoices in order...
. great but i would like to be able to customise the quote and invoice templates and a bit disappointed that the mileage tracking is not part of this its a different app with it's own cost otherwise great
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
excellent app. i am a accountant and this is excellent
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
. ok that yiu charge a monthly fee but not ok to charge more than $2 for every payment deposit. will not be using this app for payment anymore. ridiculous!
easy and convenient. would recommend.
scope for lots of improvement. given that this app has been out for many years, it seems like it has been neglected. the interface shows it. for example, if we touch a vendor, only the address shows up and nothing else. ideally, all details related to the vendor have to be displayed  po, bills and payments. many such improvements can be done.
bad. the worst customer service (intuit)
great but could use a little more. overall pretty great. clean easy to do basic tasks, would love access to a few more advanced features...but overall it's a great app. the app is stable, love the fingerpint login (even though it's still a little buggy at time of writing the review), it's clean & easy to read, good navigation. overall i'm very happy with it!
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
mr. brilliant accountancy software,simple to use in the office or on the go.
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
. absolutely horrible customer service having multiple issues but because they can't duplicate it they act as if it's not a problem i have to delete my app and reinstall just about every day now because it says there is suspicious activity when there isn't and on the samsung tablet the app will not let you do negative numbers for discounts
quickbooks online. efficient, easy to use, paperless. i love it! i had some help with set up from erin walsh, of quickbooksrx, and my new practice was ready to go in one day. i love the way the related apps, such as gopayment, work seamlessly together and that i can track from my phone, tablet or computer.
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
unfinished app. you guys shouldn't have launched an app with half the major features missing.
. great with invoices and estimates on the go. and i can see our sales dashboard wherever we go.
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
just say no.. qbo is a horrible, flaky and unreliable. pushed out long before it was ready and there is no escalation for problems.
easy, fast, convenient. love using this app! it is really easy to navigate and lets me do everything i need to very quickly. always in sync no matter which device i'm on.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
making my job easier. more than i expected and easy to use
. i can show up on the job given an estimate 10 minutes later i've got a down payment , and the confirmation to do the job i've never had this ever before in my life
n entendi nd. tenho 17 anos, nao entendi nd, sou burra ou esse app é ruim? talvez a primeira opção, mas de qq forma n gostei
awesome. user friendly and far better than any application available... i love it
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
. can not login
. just an overall awesome experience i just wish they will have the invoices forwarded in backwards so we can go from invoice number 1 to ingles number 2 and 3 and so forth
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
crashes when trying take credit cards. crashing when trying to take credit card payments. not very helpful.
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 2 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank, calculate the vat! the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
great app but expensive. at $30month it’s expensive. now that they’re raising it to $40, i’m starting to question my choices..
five stars!. has helped out tremendously when it comes to my business. it makes it so much easier to use then the paper receipt books. it helps me stay organized and keeps me updated to the second. thanks quickbooks!
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
super cool. i have it with me know on the go and the reporting is also cool. had some challenges as the i initially bought the app through apple but once the i was migrated, problem was solved. i can't stop talking about this app to friends and colleagues. is there a bonus for referring people?
. hi, is there any option for download ar sheet inexcel on mobile app. kindly let us know.
multiple currencies. it should support multiple currencies. can't key in expenses that are not in my home currency
easy to use. love the online version. very easy to use. i love that i have all of my business information at my fingertips!!
. every invoice i have done since the beginning of 2017 says 90 plus days past due
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
. great on the go app
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
subscription renewal poorly thought out. i have been using qbonline for more than a year. it picked the worst time to time out and demand a subscription renewal. further it requires multiple logins and you must be st your desk top. nothing more frustrating than what amounts to a software crash when you are trying to get things done. huge fail quickbooks
whatsapp on iphone. the experience is very good with quick books on iphone. but it is not connecting directly to whatsapp while sending the invoice. the invoice have to be first downloaded into the folder and later it has to be sent.
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
. problem opening app worked yesterday, and won't let me open app today
i love this app. this is the easiest to use and simplest way to use it.
buggy ios13. error email too long amount to high invoice can't add customers via contact address book goes dark probably a lot of other issues .
critical simple feature still missing  for years!. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
. great app for my business, and very simple for first timers
. really nice accounting app. loads of integrations via desktop browser. even a desk top app that i suspect is node based. the best feature which is lacking in other accounting apps is transaction memos. that £200 i lent my mate in july is useful info when you look back a year later.
". takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo. unable to sync with my data through app, after 3 days of ""engineers working on it"" (or are they off on the weekend even though your problem started onba friday?)"
. brilliant software i have never been so organised and my life is better knowing what my financial situation is whenever i want
quickbooks. quickbooks on my cell phone keeps me in touch with our office 247. once data is entered by our staff it is immediately updated to my cell phone as well as other devices. for the times our staff had a question regarding entries, the help line for quickbooks was always answered by a person who took a personal interest in our problems and they always found a solution. dorothy apartment rentals
. does not allow me to access payrollemployees data !
. an amazing business tool. once you learn its functions, it's like having a professional cpa 247 for all your financial accounting needs! highly recommend this app.
. awesome! they still need to improve a bit for the mobile app, as some things are not available on it compared to desktop, but really, i couldn't run my business without quickbooks online
app not working since update. normally i'd give the app 45 stars but every time i log in now it says sign in successful but there is no online account associated with the email and to start a free trial. however when i login from safari, i get in no problem. please fix as i am unable to access data from my phone.
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
. update: no longer freezes but is now saving estimates and invoices multiple time and showing 70k extra in income from invoices and bank deposits which it's now not allowing us to match payments with invoices so our only current option is to delete all duplicate payments and have customers outstanding balances until this is fixed
. so glad we didn't pay for xero. qb does everything we need and is user friendly for techderps like myself.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
so useful, good updates!.
. what i don't like about quick book is that when u use your phone to record a payment. you have to use the computer to move the cash from undeposited cash to cash in hand. but it is a good accounting software. and i love it
inutil. me encanta qb pero la app me parece inutil, no puedo ver bancos ni cuentas por cobrar o pagar, y para cambiar de empresa tengo q salir y volver a entrar. mejor usar la pagina web.
great app. very user friendly. easy to edit and add customers.
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
can't record an expense. i get an error message please choose a template before saving. doesn't work since ios 13 was installed.
i love it.. i run three business on it. 1. multispecialty physician group. 2. mechanical electrical & plumbing 3. physician sales & service. i complete my payroll and carry out all accounting functions here.
jason arnold. so far quickbooks has been great. their program has some flaws i’m told they are working on. the payroll is very very slow to get up and running. but all i. all it saves me time and money
fonts too big and can’t be read anymore. since the latest update, fonts are too large and you can’t read the amounts of your invoices anymore. sent them many screenshot examples, still can’t use the app anymore. also, sometimes you can’t even “accept” an invoice on the app as well. useless for me to use now. what a shame, because i used it daily. iphone 11 pro with latest ios v13.2.2
impressed. i put off upgrading to online version after using quickbooks pro for five years, struggling to enter online direct debit expenses and payments. online version makes entering data easy and efficient. such a time saver for me. well done intuit! definitely worth the monthly subscription fee.
. like others have stated, this was a great app until the last update. after a few tweaks the app is up & running fine now. every so often it will ask for me to log on again even though i just used it. other than that it works fine.
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program.
steve brownunited fire consultants. we have used quickbooks in our business since our beginning. quickbooks has been very instrumental in our growth, and maintaining our customer, and invoicing solutions. we will continue our relationship with quickbooks in our future business endeavors. respectfully, steve brownunited fire consultants.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
zero stars 10.3 is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
great app... works amazingly well.
missing some key functions. 2 big gripes: purchases are always entered as expenses, requiring editing if it's a purchase for resale; there is _no_ timer or time sheet entry function. i have to use a third party app for this (tsheets.com, works very nicely)
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
. quickbooks makes my life so much easier for writing amd sending estimates and invoices. there are so many other things that quickbooks can do that im slowly learning. im writing so many estimates and getting so much work from easier estimate and invoice writing its really hard for me to get the time sit down amd learn everything else quickbooks has to offer.
. this is no longer working at all for me. i can't even log in. it was working fine until this weekend. something has changed. intuit need to fix this.
i can't run a business with quick books. the format is different on my ipad that it is on my iphone. i don't have the ability to do half the stuff i can do from my computer, which is a huge inconvenience when i'm in the field. i wouldn't recommend quickbooks or the apps to anybody.
so far so good. i've been using the app for a week and love it so far. i find it extremely easy to make invoices in the field, and also very convenient to accept payments.
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
. not all customer payments showing on android, on iphone was no issues except some crashes from time to time and signing out by itself.
great app!. very userfriendly and easy to use!
. you don't need to understand double dutch accounting to use it.
. complete waste of time app doesn't sync with the online version. the advice given by the help to delete browser history and cache doesn't work either. unreinstalling the app doesn't work.. in the long run you will end up wasting too much time on this program. be warned !! ###edit i've cleared cache, deleted app data it it still doesn't sync.. in particular it's the supplier list and transactions that are all missing
#1. the only business app i'll ever need...thank you!
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
. update... application remains impossible to use on both ios and android devices. invoice matching for banking transactions is painful particularly when there are many invoices to match to a single banking transaction and application seems to refresh in the background which causes matches to be lost before completing. not worth installing till these issues are fixed meaning web based invoice matching is the only option... have wasted hours of my time on both ios and android based applications...
one of the best accounting software.. very good and well made accounting software. very easy and friendly to use. the things i especially like about this application is that i can book an expense on the go through the mobile app and i can access this accounting software from anywhere and on any device!!
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
great app but it buggy with lollipop. not able to use this app anymore when my samsung updated to lollipop. bummer!!!!
. having a business that is mobile and takes cash payments this app is brilliant. can't find a way to automatically assign mileage to each sales receipt... that would be invaluable!
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
. i am a electrician and gas engineer, product is great , can do all invoicing on the move
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
owner. terrible , there is no estimates workable , also 85 % of desktop does not show i have been in desktop for years and wanted to use both not any more
good so far. i'm new to this app. seems to work good so far. if it changes or if i can suggest something i will when i know more.
. my subscription was canceled and i have not been able to restore it.
lacks important functionality. this app doesn’t let you see current bank balances for any account, which is a major oversight. intuit: please add this feature.
. i only use this for invoices & bids, i love that i can use on my tablet, phone and computer, and it actually works. there was an issue logging back in on my tablet for awhile, but looks like they finally fixed it, because i have not had any problems for 46 weeks now
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
nice app. great for basic entry and review. wichita had a bit more functionality like the normal interface. still a great app when out meeting clients and needed to create  view  send account info in the field.
keeps crashing. i can't do anything with the app. every time i try to open it, it closes out about 5 seconds later. worked great until the last update.
invoice menu. filling in spaces for explaining what the invoices for not easy to apply.. design poorly.
. very nice program
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
. not all of my customers show up and neither do all of my past invoices. this makes it impossible to send out invoices unless i want to create a new customer profile every time. so, for my use, this app is effectively useless most of the time.
. quickbooks allows me to be able to manage my business while i'm at my computer, or while i'm on the road. the analytics allow me to see the highs and lows of my business and it allows me to see my biggest expenses search that i can mitigate if necessary
. as a quickbooks user anytime i'm in need of the app it's been brilliant. missing a few key features, but as i mainly stick to the web version it's fantastic when needed
app not working since update. normally i'd give the app 45 stars but every time i log in now it says sign in successful but there is no online account associated with the email and to start a free trial. however when i login from safari, i get in no problem. please fix as i am unable to access data from my phone.
great app!. our company switched from quickbooks desktop to the online version which came with the option to download the app. we now use the app more than online. we handle estimates, invoices, payments, banking and more directly in the app and on the go. the app has a simple and clean look making it easy to navigate. to date we haven't had any issues with it. we are excited to finally be able to get things done in less time!
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
the application for the tablet. the application for my ipad tablet does not let me see checks i have written that have not cleared. (it does show my account balance) i like the online version but i for the life of me don’t know why the internet based application does not work on my ipad plus and their application for ipads is simply said  horrible.
great. i love this app. it does what i need.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
. i got this to sync with my online account and it doesn't. also it won't let me add a sales tax. and so what's the point if i hafta enter everything into separate accounts.
great app. everything you need to do is at your fingertips.
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
literally crashes every time i try to enter a sale.. great for tracking expenses but useless for processing and tracking sales. very disappointed.
great app!. love it! i like being able to use quickbooks from any device. easy to use.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
poor functionality. constant crashes inability to complete selected tasks poor functionality this app try’s hard but doesn’t quiet make it with its functions. it didn’t at all shot me but that’s what the 3 day free trial is for. i wasn’t going to rate this app but after they charged me $10.50 for a 1 month subscription after i cancelled and deleted the app; i will rate it
. works well. can create invoice and estimates on the go.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. keeps crashing when entering receipts. it's infuriating. updated review 6 months later still crashes when splitting an expense. tried deleting the cache. it's useless.
perfect for small business. keeps me financially organized with income and expenses. easy to use and reports are complete. perfect for my small business.
i'm trying the app now i have a question. can i acess from a pc too? or is it only for the phone?
waste of time and slow. i didn’t even get past the registration. the app was soo slow and laggy when i was trying to put my details in i gave up. couldn’t imagine the amount of time i’d waste trying to write up quotes or invoices on it. avoid!!!
love this app. i have a small bookkeeping business. i love that i can create invoices on the fly usually in less than 5 mins. i can also send the invoice via email as soon as it's saved. very easy to use app if you have quickbooks online
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
horrible. do not waste your time or money. after a while they hold your money and cause a ton of financial difficulties for companies who rely on getting paid. there customer service is bs..........do not use
all that you need at the same app. great app, easy to navigate
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
security update  unable to sign in. since the security update for sign in features i'm unable to sign into my account using the app.. defeats the purpose of having it aug 23, 2016  just redownloaded the app and have full access once again. oct 20, 2016  unable to select cash, check or credit account to pay an expense.
great work!. the app works great and is a very useful tool for on the go business matters. i have not yet figured out how to add single time activities on the app ... not sure this feature is available. but other then that it's great!
nice app! but needs improvement.. please add a delayed charges option. i need to be able to add charges in the field from my mobile device. the app works well on my gs5
not working on ios 13 :(. it crashes right after opening. i tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but have had no luck...
easy and convenient. it actually made recordkeeping fun! and i can stay current instantly from my truck.
. this app does so much for our new business!):
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. how did this pass quality control?
excellent resource. this app is a great resource to both me and my clients. so much instant functionality at your fingertips.
. most of the times search for customers, invoice numbers, amount etc doesn't works. keeps on saying something went wrong!!! please get sortout this issue urgently.
fix the bugs. this program has many bugs and has connectivity issues. the level of problems with the software is extensive. when the program works correctly it works nicely, but the downtime and glitches greatly degrade the value of this software. i would look for an alternative accounting software package. i do not know anyone who has used this software that would give it a five star rating. in other words, i am very skeptical of the rating shown.
great app!. easy to navigate and great to have access with you at all times. love it!
great for cell phone however.... i originally gave five stars however the app doesn't work with tablets that don't have a wireless carrier. so though i am on wifi it won't download regardless of the os meeting and exceeding the requirements. aside from that great app when used with my cell
need to improve!. the sole trader app is great for what i do including logging travel however i am registered for gst and therefore cannot use it. i have to go to the online version and just discovered you have to buy the plus version to link to recommended logbook app. qb you need to provide gst to the sole trader app or at the very least provide the same logbook function for the other qb packages.
". i like it better then sage. seems easy enough for what i am looking for. yes it is ""online"" so you need internet connection but it makes for seemless connection between phone and computer. had a few questions and support was great and got back to me same day both times."
. the software is easy to get started with. however, matters such as how to generate p45, p60, issuing dividends, needs improvement.
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
quickbooks online. i really like the app, but it is very pricey.
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
support?? wats that??. if you are a person that will ever be involved in actually doing business in the real world, don't waste your time on this. if you ever need an answer at the speed of business in the real world, don't waste your time. you're not worth the expense. actual rating is 5, but the scale won't let me show the truth.
. i am still fresh with this app but sounds good to me
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
time tracking missing from app. i bill services by the hour and pay extra for the version of quickbooks that supports time tracking. was very disappointed to see this feature completely missing from the app. it’s such an obvious thing to have on the go. now i need to have a totally separate system to track time...
awesome app. easy to use and very convenient
i like it but am confused. the app works very well, but i am confused how to change a quote from pending to approved. when i click on edit the option does not come up
simply slow. i talked to 300 people and they all say it’s just the program itself
appréciation. vraiment bien pensée, facile d'utilisation et efficace ! thoughtful application, easy to use and useful !
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
no multi currency in app. there is no multi currency function in the ipad app making it useless for entering overseas travel expenses.
great app!. very userfriendly and convenient. great for people who are needing to create invoices and estimates and track expenses. the iphone app is fantastic!
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
"is anyone home?. i give this app one star because it doesn't let you select zero stars! all i've gotten for three days is an endless loop telling me that""to use this app you need quickbooks online"". no kidding? i'd love to find some of the application problems some of you are complaining about. at least you can turn yours on!"
. i used the app mainly to create invoices when i'm out of the office. it's so awesome to be able to do this on the fly!
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
. get lost u stupids it's not working in india. my mb waste
great app. i love using this as i am away from the office it's so easy to use via phone or tablet
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
. revising my review from a 5 star to just 2 stars. i feel the android app provides very basic functionality. you cannot access the vendor data. any new products added will be default be considered as services, hence you cannot capture cost, inventory account, etc... it would be much helpful if you can access basic reports on the app too.
breathtaking!!. wow this is an incredible app. i have searched for personal finance software for a long time and it has been a major headache. using quickbooks online is amazing. if they continue to add features to the online product to rival their desktop version i recommend they move completely to the cloud!! so good.
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
. worst customer support ever i write email to contact for support they say it's for global support then again i write email to india support they send me to us supposed.sad no response from the company first they sell at 4500 then next week its 500
. like the portability of this app
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
errors galore and inability to log into client accounts. i’m so disappointed with this app. as an accountant it would be handy to log into client accounts and check figures or enter small changes, but more often than not, i receive an error message and cannot log in. the issue renders this app completely useless.
taking our business to a new level. we have been so happy since we switched to quickbooks online plus! it has allowed us to streamline our invoicing and bookkeeping. our clients love how easy it is to pay invoices online. we love knowing we've received payment for each cleaning performed! qb customer service is excellent.
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
can't do my expenses on the app. i've started using quickbooks a few months ago. all was going ok but now i can't do my expenses on my app anymore. can't take pictures of my receipts to add them to my expenses. i contacted them and they said they are dealing with it but still no luck after a few weeks waiting. very frustrating. all other functions are working fine though. depe
paid for itself in one hour. after a long, frustrating search for a robust but simpletouse accounting platform for my growing fitness business, i came across quickbooks and have been exuberant ever since. my invoices go out on time, expenses go in live, and it even tracks my inventory. paid for itself in the first hour. highly recommend.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
needs to be qb online, this app is something else entirely.. the ipad version of this program (and android for that matter) really need to match  exactly match  the web version accessed through quickbooks online in a web browser. the differences are notable, and the experience moving from one version to another is unpleasant. i can’t recommend the ipad version of this program.
. cool great app
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
garbage. this app is junk!! support for this app is useless looks like i will be going back to freshbooks, it may not be a accounting solution but at least it works and i can import my info without manually entering. my business doesn't have time for me to spend hours with support when i need to be taking care of my customers ms support
very useful mobile app. i don't expect my mobile version (android) to replace my desktop version. for checking customer balances, emailing invoices, and receiving payments it's a perfectly useful app. quick and easy access to invoices, customer balances, expenses, customer info, p&l and balance sheet. i'm not running or expecting more sophisticated reports from my phone! works great for what i need!
. interface not good compared to the ios version.
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the ipad and iphone is useless.
. so simple to use! i normally use qb from my computer but the app works just as well while onthego.
don't like new update. i prefer buttons actions on the bottom than puede corner and still missing two things, send invoices by text, fax, edit or view notes online
app crashes after each action. i use the desktop version most of the time but when i need to use it when away, it’s really frustrating that the app shuts after every action making doing anything painfully cumbersome.
. the app is not as userfriendly as quickbooks online but it's still a great program.
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
. country like bahrain and kuwait currency has three decimal. is there any option to set currency in three decimal? we submitted so many requests regarding this issue but no response
quick books online. ease of bookkeeping entries at home or on the go  i thereby circumvent hiring to data entry
. sometimes glitchy. some days it works some days it doesnt but overall worth ther money becasue the website always works
many issues.... most of the time they come up with an update it does not work well after we update the app. they should test this updates before releasing it.
works a treat..... nice additional to the main on line version... all good on s6 edge, no problems.
. working hard to get this goning
can't even login. useless program  i can only use web browser to access, app is not working at all
best accounting app i've used. this makes my business run smooth and conveniently, i hope they bring more functionality to it still.
. it's very useful but it's only for simple accounting. the complicated stuff has to be done online. i wish quickbooks allowed me to do things like add bank deposits.
. sucks...
great app!!. no issues so far. simple to use.
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
disappointing. came to try it out. won't let me add sales tax. tried adding a note, pressed done and
. this is a great app for my small business and has helped me to stay organized and saves time!
. i'm an owner operator in the trucking industry n i'm new at this so i have one question.witch qb is better for wat i do qb accounting:invoicing n expenses or qb self employed:mileage tracker n taxes
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
. great program. easy to use. payments made in the field, no more waiting for money. 2 thumbs up
small business owner. it's fantastic and professional for service contracting for management, but the fact that the crew in the field still use paper carbons to submit & clients want paper makes this a major problem. if the client doesn't give an email, or the field crew doesn't get the right info, i end up spending extra hours trying to figure it out...
. does not work in india. restarts the phone . takes too long to uninstall
it's exactly the apps i need. simple to use. have all the features i need for my food truck business
not free. wish there was an app like this for free the soon i started free trial next step was if i wanted 3months and pay or have a small discount and still pay :
. cannot login. uninstalled and now cannot reinstall
great and makes things easier. the best thing about quick books is that they have unlimited live customer service to help guide and assist you. that's a real plus to me.
need other option. need an option for employees that travel to do trip expense that import as a bundle. i use pro premier 2015
. so far not happy. it doesn't show my address nor phone number on quotations and i can't find a way to make it do so. also states 30 day free, then gives me a measly 24 hrs from the time of install to save with a monthly discount. ok, i'll bite. they immediately sucked my first monthly payment. where's this 30 day free trial? biggest thing is its extremely limited and not ready for prime time. poor release.
. great app and also great customer service they answer my questions very fast.
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
good, but too limited.. as others have posted, this app would be infinitely more useful if it had more of the functionality of the desktop browser based system. being mobile means i can't do many if the things i'd like to.
. great app
. not fully fledged it's great but doesn't do much nor the basic things i would want in an app.. basic reporting, easy input of invoice (picture maybe ocr), accepting account transactions.
invoices don’t look great. the issue i had when using quickbooks was the invoices just didn’t look very polished or professional. there’s a way of setting up a custom invoice, but really you want a good default so you don’t have to muck around.
good app. it is very useful app. it does most everything i need it to do when on a job site. invoicing is a snap. it would be excellent if productservices would auto populate as typed rather than scrolling through a drop down list.
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
quick rip for me.. i find this app so frustrating and difficult. i have had it for nearly a year, paying for the services i can't even use. i have been trying to cancel it but there seem to be no option on the app. the website is asking me to trial the whole thing again. i can't even call and talk to a person. hhhhelp. i need to cancel.
. i like qbo and its features
help and advise. i subscribe this on the trial and pop up the good deal 7.49 for 3 months and should be starting my payment for real is 14.99 in january. hey should be responsible for this ads. apple
ok in parts. most of the invoices don't reach the recipient and when receiving payment it automatically defaults to undisclosed funds.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
. i like the app, but i can't view all of the vendor bills and payments on the mobile app. i've tried multiple android and ios devices and just can't see the vendor bills and payments. i can see them online, but it would be nice to be able to view them in the app as well.
not worth the effort. absolutely horrible experience. we had qb before so now we have two accounts and they are interfering with one another. sat on hold forever and finally got instructions to cancel the oldest acct. went through all the instructions to where i’m suppose to select cancel or cancel trial and that option isn’t even a choice.
. quickbooks online has been an invaluable management tool for my small business. i give professional estimates for services & am able to create invoices, receive payment, & track income, expenses, etc.
good functionality but slow to load. great functionality, good app but it takes too long to load. i don't need the homescreen with current activity to load each time. i just want to add an invoice.
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so.
great app. it seems to work great! other then it not auto saving when i close the app, that is the only complaint i would have. everything else is awesome!
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
"crash. all looks great until i press ""start your free trial""... crash and close. please fix this and i will change my review. not a great start..."
great accounting app. very happy with my quickbooks app.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
. so far good. have a lot to learn a but seems to be what i am looking for when starting a new opportunity.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
. good apps
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
. cant even login. keeps telling me to restart app amd try again
. the app is as easy to use as the desktop online version.
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
horrible photo receipt capture function. the recent update apparently changed the algorithm for identifying receipt paper boundary in a photo that makes no sense at all. two out of three times it only capture a useless fragment of the whole receipt which the makes entering receipts a horrible and utterly frustrating experience.
. one of my favorite apps this app is so convenient. i have the ability to check my book anywhere at anytime.
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
. does what i need but could add a few things i love this app. i use it in my barbershop and i like the fact everything is all there whether it is on my tablet, phone or computer. the only other thing i would like to see incorporated into it is the ability to generate paystubs and do payroll then email to employees. but we can't have everything we want. aside from that, fantastic program. keep up the good work.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
very useful, ios 13 login issue however. as the title says. this software, when combined with the website version, can be incredible useful. the layout is good. i use it for work and once you get to know it it’s pretty good. currently there is an issue logging in with ios 13.
. excellent app i can do all my business on this
need o and p. really need to add a way for someone to mark up of the invoice and show change orders to estimates.
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
online is the best way to go. making my busy life easier one click at a time
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
. seems a little pointless if the vendor activity doesn't sync.
. best app
". creo está app buena administración de empresas x ese motivo desidi "" instalarla y google como responsable de negocios, se entienda, bien con esta empresa y tiene juegos de lotería de los casinos, también, para yo jugar en ratitos,"
cis transactions. cannot carry out cis transactions in the app for some reason, you have to use the web version. this is really annoying and somewhat inconvenient. other than that, a great app....
great app. very good have had no issues with it
okay. this app would be perfect if it didn’t redirects me to safari to login every single time
useless. can’t share the online app with my accountant. frustrating and useless!!!!
i love this better than their computer program!!!!. i love this app better than my computer program they have, it's easier to use & easier to track your expenses & sales. i recommend this to all my friends that basically run their business out of a vehicle saves on extra work when you get home.
. had difficulty with seeing my total mileage, but was guided by a rep.
not overly user friendly. no payroll on mobile, ipad or online site via ipad which is very disappointing and not at all helpful in onsite situations. update to include payroll in these instances would be great but fairly useful tool otherwise
pretty useful!. i can add my expenses and match them later and now they even. updated the web internet so i can use it on my tablet and it's become super helpful! thanks quickbooks! i think what's they update it to where you can do all the thing you can on the tablet web interface that you can do on the computer it's going to be top notch
. is a great app to have downside is it tends to not load half the time. i have uninstalled and reinstalled and it continues to have an issue with loading.
doesn't work. app isn't working with lg g5 with android.6.0.1. won't let me login.
. great app
great but not perfect. while the app works 95% of the time there are some annoying glitches. some of the menus could be better laid out and some entries should be automatic. it would also be nice, when selecting the quantity of an item, that there would be a + and  symbol for easy editing. i'm also baffled why i can't do a deposit like i can online.
great idea, poor execution.. intuit needs to hire better programmers. if they could just make it possible to see transactions within a report it would be so much better
. amazing this app can be difficult to get used to, like ensure you use docx to make your templates,and don't use bold ever.. setup your email template etc etc but it ends up being the best app ever.. it's features on the mobile app for invoicing, balance's, incoming and outgoing, tax digitally, are so convenient. i am organized now, and everything is handled for professionally.
. i am doing my husband's billing for his company, since it was taking so much of his time. since this not my 'real' job, this app makes it easy do billing and record payments from any device at any time. thank you!
. i want & need a 5 star but i cannot get any kind of help with my issue , which is i cannot get my invoices to go out via gmail. help!
love, love, love!. as a court reporter my office spreads over six counties and numerous customers. it is so great to have this app at my fingertips to keep everything rolling smoothly!
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
won't sign in, incorrect subscription error.. like the title says, can't login tells me my subscription may have expired. i can log in through website easily.
awesome. this app is awesome quick efficient and mobile please consider for small business accounting needs
missing key funtions. app is great for billing and reviewing information. only function i see missing the would give this app a 5 star rating is it doesn't allow for time entry's to track employee times per job.
. app never up to date with website or it does not show you everything you can see online. sometimes you can't even see anyone's invoices or estimates. always an issue.
. this app is great for tracking income and expenses! feels good to know how i am doing on a dailyweeklymonthlyqtrlyannual basis. keeps me competitive and on track financially.
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
finger print touch does not work. generally ok, not impressive. please fix problem with finger print touch open feature. i keep trying and it will only work one time. i'm still being asked for password.
. amazing app for business
useless app for working in qbo. only found 2 reports available through the app. can’t “drill” into figures on the 2 reports provided. cannot access expenses on coa can’t really get any work done.
terrible app. quickbooks is a terrible app on my iphone & my ipad. it's not even a good program on my computer. it's extremely limited & each update does nothing to improve it. if there was another accounting system i could use, i would.
. the best accounting app for beginners
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
can't save an invoice since update.. please fix asap. i use to use this app everyday and now i can't. i love quickbooks but this is bad!!
. best app good for business
very handy  will stop the boss bugging me!. good app for the boss to have. super easy to check on customers invoices overdue etc. would like to see timesheet daily activity integration please  perhaps with a contollable daily multiple nag me to enter times feature? with timesheet integration i could roll this out to other staff :) cheers!
can't login. can't reset password
. quick & easy, and i do everything from my phone. i love that my accountant has independent access to the latest information, and i don't ever worry about loosing data.
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
does not work after update. tech support recommended i get a android. claims apple is the problem.
best accounting online software. very useful very easy and flexible
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
awful. bloody slow!!
. very handy.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
pdf note on ipad. why can't we add a pdf note on ipad app. i can do it by accessing desktop version on ipad. but it's a pain doing it that way. it would be simpler to add that option to the app. come on guys keep up with the technology. quit lagging behind.
. very useful app that almost makes bookkeeping fun. almost... :) let's face it, bookkeeping is a dreary chore but this software makes it tolerable and even pleasant some days. good work quickbooks!
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
major flaw  can’t add receipts to expenses. no dropbox or photo option. they advertise this system as super easy and convenient. you can’t add receipts from photos or dropbox. that makes the ‘add attachment ‘ pretty much pointless. i take a picture of an expense receipt but 0 way of adding it ... seriously. who designed this app.???
qb online app. i love it! the app makes it easy for me to check on my business, record transactions, and review reports.
app doesn’t recognize credentials. this app worked well for me until the most recent update. now i cant login, says can’t find the account with this emailpassword. this is very annoying since i travel frequently without a laptop. now i’ve lost the ability to access my accounts via the app.
app crashes on ios13.0 & 13.1. i’ve just updated the app and it’s still crashing on ios13.0 and also 13.1. i have tried to make contact with the developers via the support page but it also loads to blank pages after opening chat.
perfect for my accounting firm. love this app! it's perfect for my accounting firm to track our books and clients. i even like how it works with quickbooks online accountant. 5 stars for all.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
consistent. consistently bad. just like the qb for mac was unreliable and terrible, and purposely left that way to push customers over to qb online, this is no different. buggy, unreliable software is about the only thing intuit excels at.
love it. huge time saver to photo and input expenses. i can't imagine my life without it.
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
update broke. i cannot accept transactions. the only things accessible on the baking screens are back and trash. please fix otherwise it’s useless.
best thing for the business, ever!. it's simple and easy to use  from someone who is learning how to run a business and manage accounts from scratch, it is the best money we've ever spent. saves time, looks professional and great value for money considering the price of an accountant!
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
touchid. touchid or pincode does not seem to work for login. it never gets asked when the app starts even after enabled. please fix. thanks.
great software. i have come to really like quick books online. quoting, invoicing, reports and my personal favourite... it links with your bank account to automate expense inputs. you set the rules once and the next time a similar transaction appears in your linked bank account it automatically categorises the transaction for you, just hit 'add'. saves me so much time and effort and to me it's fast becoming a business tool i simply wouldn't be without.
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
won't allow adding services to invoice. i called tech support because i could not create an invoice for a customer. they had me uninstall & reinstall qbo app. it still wouldn't work. he said they're aware of the problem. it's still not fixed a week later.
quick books. quick easy invoices
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. doesn't give the full qbo experience, if it is it's not the same ui edit  dislike that devs pick what they feel is most convenient.
quite easy to use. great for my phone, just wished when i used it on my ipad or my laptop but it automatically populated or searched for current clients in my contacts.
needs timesheet support. price went up 100 a year and still no timesheet support outside of desktop app
keep logging me out. after the update the application keeps logging me out every single time please fix that, used to do it with the previous update before this last one, you guys fixed it, but with this new update is doing it again
. expenses aren't quite as quick to enter as i'd hoped but way better than the alternative!
great app. only thing i don’t like is if you accidentally delete an invoice you can never get that invoice number back and it’s now been voided. that needs to be fixed so it can be adjusted or recovered. none the less it’s a great app. won’t ever connect my bank info none the less because that’s how you get audited for nothing.
. does not work on nexus 6 developer preview
this product is fantastic!. i will be recommending this to all of my customers. it's simple, easy to use & fast to set up. in fact it may feel like you've missed something it's that simple! intuit have put together a great product for the australian market.
. needs more function like the web based app
very disappointed. i'm very disappointed because i have been unable to login on with my iphone or macbook pro. i tried to get help through customer service but all i got was a link. very disappointed!!
excellent!!!. i just love this app. i has allow me to invoice and collect payment at the point of sale without the paper work fuzz. it has allow me to improve my cash flow while increasing my efficiency while i am in the field. my only regret, i should have implemented much sooner into my mobile service.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo
. great service and app interface.
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
cannot reconcile bank accounts on app. cannot reconcile on the app. completely useless to me as the bookkeeper.
great app. only thing missing is the ability to track billable time with clients
lots of shortcomings. qo is great and this app is ok. too bad so many features are missing
. error everytime i log in, and requires password so often
easy to use, instrumental to my business. keep it glitch free please
excelente aplicación. tengo un negocio de control de plagas y esta aplicación me a permitido realizar cotizaciones y facturas mientras estoy fuera de la oficina.
don’t use this with an ipad.. bought this app and was unable to get it to work with an ipad. 4 hours on the phone with this company and still no success. they charged me and told me to get my money back through apple. there is an open known problem being worked on their end but user’s beware. you won’t find out until you’ve paid.
couldn't ask for more. vary good app with great integration with cloud web service. i have been using this app along with desktop cloud version with my business for little more then a year now and find it vary useful and the app tops it off being on the road with no access to computer as long as they continue to upgrade and offer quickbooks online with app i will subscribe
. great for on the go i mostly love it. i wish there were options to run individual client reports. also, a search option by keywords or invoice numbers. sometimes, when i open it, there's no information in the app! have had to uninstall, then reinstall multiple times. galaxy s2
ok for readonly activities. don’t get me wrong, i love the qb online version i use from my pc. you will not find anything better for the price. but the ipad version just doesn’t do tons of things i want it to. it’s ok if you want to run a p&l or bs but i run dozens of different reports that are unavailable for some reason. again, ok for checking balances, just not nearly robust enough to bother with for accountants.
. decent app
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
. great app
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
rather use my local accountant and pay the £100 per annum. rather use my local accountant and pay the £100 per annum
. great app
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
no inventory tracking, no reminder. very disappointed with this no inventory tracking, no reminder for the app no not also for me its pointless quickbooks you better fix it i am cancelling my subscription
good resource. i will update this as i see necessary, haven't made a customer service call yet. but overall the navigation is something to get used to because it's very in depth and many details that you would expect are included with the software.
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
. subscribed at the top tier quickbooks subscription, but i cannot check my inventory on the mobile app. i cannot express how sad i am, that should the first feature to ever be implemented but its just not there.
personal accountant. brilliant softwareyou need to allow yourself a couple of hours to set up but once done it does all your reporting for you and keeps your finger on the pulse with your financial status  i love it!
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
quickbooks online. great app!
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
best app yet. i manage my invoices and customers everywhere this is great. okay for the monthly cost.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
bank loggin. can not log on and get my bank updates anymore  gives me a error messages all the time  no help from customer service, they refer me to a engineer  has been down now 4days  no help.....ready to cancel my subscription
. great app
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
missing key functions. whilst i understand this is a mobile app, even the qbo version lags behind in key functions from its desktop predecessors, all of which intuit has had ample time to upgrade to fully integrated functionality. intuit needs to put full functionality above the profit margin and put customers above dollars.
. great app
. o app é bom, mas ou é uma bug ou é propaganda enganosa, porque diz ser r$13,99 por mês e ao clicar para assinar o preço vai para r$48
unable to signin🙅. moto g turbo : error says i don't have online subscription,reported via email, no response😡
office manager. makes my job so much easier to do, invoicing on the go!!
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) then hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. not working on tablet either. please fix asap. update: seems to be fixed now. thank you
update problems. the app have now problems i recommend to check that i was using the app for 3 years but now is a disaster
great mobile app but.... great mobile app, very convenient. however, i could really use a way to do bank deposits on the mobile app.
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
. signed up to app. no clear pricing. my invoice had vat numbers all over it but i'm not vat registered. seems impossible to take vat number off invoices. customer service very slow and hard to get though to. no tel number.
excellent app. moved from xero to qbo and couldn't be happier
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
no way to select india as a country. hello i am using iphone xs .. i downloaded ur app .. i am not able to select india as the country.. what seems to be the problem ?
great for on the go. i originally only used quick books software on my pc. it was still nice software but i would often find myself behind or forgetting to update my accounts. now with the software on my iphone i can easily update everything immediately. i have been using it for a while now and haven't experienced any problems.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
. disapointed and just hated
. easy to use and useful across all devices.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
not pleased. for one i still can't redownload the app after i accidentally deleted it. it's been months. i hit the cloud button and it does nothing. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
great app!. i already loved qb...the app makes my business run even more efficient and allows me to pull up customers bills on the spot or estimates where they can sign. very convenient.
please prioritise. can you please forget about the fancy fonts and new colours!! first repair the many bugs and crucial features missing from this app so we can operate our business efficiently. once that’s done feel free to change as many fonts as you like.
still has issues. the concept of the portability is great. but still has stop issues to fix, especially on the android app.
. i use this for my business and can't imagine going without it. gave a 4star because i wish i had a help guide on the app for certain circumstances.
enables my business.... ...to run smooth and accurately from monthtomonth, yeartoyear. managing multiple clients and accounts would be a nightmare without quickbooks.
two factor log in broken. can't log in since the app was updated, it just crashes after i enter my login details
really2 great application. i wish i have found this software 8 years back and it can help me save thousand spent on trying many other software
liked it until it stopped working.... it suddenly no longer connects. called quickbooks and they said they don't support the mobile app .... update..contacted developer listed in some of reviews and he got it working...
app issue. i've been using the quickbooks app for over 6 months and it worked fine. now, for the past week the app will not let me access my company data or the data is incorrect after multiple reinstalls. this is very aggravating and qb's customer support stated it's an ios issue. please correct this issue asap. thank you
the best software. is the best accounting software , is easy to use ,
. would be a 5 star is the mobile app scanned and allowed multi page receipts and used ocr to recognize amounts categories etc to short data entry
itouch. itouch still doesn't work.
all of my clients love it!. the ease of use is fantastic. i love that i can quickly load multiple accounts. the qbo app makes my job so much easier because my clients love tracking expenses and sending invoices on the go!
its ok. i was hoping for this app to have mobile printing capabilities so we can set up thermal printers.
. mostly worthless can't see bank balances or registers.
great stable app that keeps getting better and better!. gives me access to everything i want but i'm on the go or just don't want to pick up the computer or tablet.
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
even worse after last update. didn't think the time loading could get any worse. i was wrong. ap is pretty much useless while with a customer. everything takes forever to load. need to sign in every. single. time. then you click out of the ap and right back in and it makes you use the touch id. super sucky. i very much dislike, yet i need to use it everyday. ugggggggg.
excellent!!. i find the app useful when i need it most. i enjoy the ability to add an expense at any time. sales receipts are handy. basically everything i really need without requiring a ton of space on my phone.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. i have called customer support twice now. each time, i am greeted by an overly friendly person who barely speaks a word of english. either time was the agent able to even understand what i am asking for. they could offer no help, they would not transfer me to someone else. i am left all alone here trying to navigate a program and run a business. i have no idea how to get any help from these people. thank goodness for youtube!
love it and support intuit provides. very convenient app for expensing. had an issue crashing while logging in and customer support was very quick to respond.
improve your customer service. the program it’s self is easy to use, but if you need to call the customer service you have to request it by logging on and emailtext or the other problem is they don’t speak english well. with increasing prices they should have great customer service just saying!
. dashboard does not load. completely useless at this point. cannot invoice, add expenses or write sales receipts.
. love the ease of the software
. the app is good. they can still work on some parts to make user experience better.
crashes constantly. i hate the mobile app so much. i will be talking with a customer and try to pull up their account and then it will freeze and crash. the worst.
qbo. very helpful with creating invoices.
invoicing. i'm sending invoices easily!
. i already had installed an intuit app tried to sign up with my email said i already had an account my password no longer works to confusing for now to try and log in verfication codes sent
. i initially had some issues with quickbooks, but they've since improved quite a bit. i love it! it's the most efficient way for me to send invoices and collect payments.
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
. can't even get started. created an account and tells me i have 30 days but then tells me i have no subscription whenever i attempted to log in.
very good!. great app  i love the upgrades.
great app & program  must improve search engine. fantastic program with brilliant features. it does need some urgent fixes. one being to be able to search through an account such as cash sales and be able to find a name, address or phone number.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. 1. kicking out of the app very often. 2. not able to email multiple invoices at one time. 3. limited search capabilities. cant search notes and description. :(
best software. easy for use
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone. my only gripe with the app and it's operations is that not all of my customer emails that are sent are being received by my customers. i have highlighted this to quickbooks and they were extremely unhelpful in assisting with rectifying this matter, which i found extremely disappointed given this is a paid subscription service, and not a free service.
. finally, an app that works with every aspect of your business.
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
. great app
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
. they want nothing more than taking your money! wouldn't refund a $10 purchase when they couldn't transfer my subscription to the correct company file. i had a duplicate company file setup during my online migration, which according to support happens often.
. so far so good hope it can make tax time easier
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
quickbooks lies again. this app does not track mileage as advertised
love quickbooks!. i depend and use quickbooks everyday and love it. i just wish i could move the items in my estimates are around easily. they are stuck in the spot they are added.
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
. something has changed. lately i've been having a lot of glitches. everytime i try so save an invoice, it doesn't go back to the preview. therefore i wind up pushing the save button more than once which duplicate the invoice.
. this app works amazing for my cleaning business! couldnt live without it, and it saves me a lot of money instead of paying an accountant
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
newest update issue. hi, i love this app and it normally works great. when i updated my ipad, i can no longer take payments because of a weird glitch that keeps the total amount $0 even if the item is $25. i emailed with screenshots. giving you a heads up to look for that. at the moment, i can’t process any payments. it’s frustrating! thank you.
nice app. its very useful application.
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
missing one major feature of a mobile app: time tracking!. a deal breaker for me, you can't track time while on the move! the rest seems good but without this feature there is no point in me evaluating it any further :(
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go and how it syncs with quickbooks online.
it gets the job done. it’s not a bad app. i can’t find anything that will do everything i want & the problem with this is that i can’t fully customize my estimateinvoice forms. they have preset forms that you can play with a little, but not enough for my satisfaction.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
. great app, does everything i need while out and about. makes evening paperwork easier.
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
getting there.... the lack of ability to create bank deposits is vexing. also, would be nice to work with downloaded transactions. works with mint, why not qbo app?
. i am happy with the app. it means i can get work done in the field.
good but few bugs. i can see some of the expenses and bills of some suppliers but not all. i would think that if it syncs it should sync for all no?
disappointed. i’ve been using the phone app for a year now. when the app works it is fine however it constantly freezes and my only option is to restart my phone. i have deleted and downloaded the app several times but it has not fixed the issues.
love the app. i have enjoyed using this service.
finally becoming useful.. new banking update is great, now just get it to work. very buggy and extremely laggy. you hit an item, then do it again because nothing happens, but it switches to the next screen and you end up clicking something you didn't want to. very frustrating. fix this and 5 stars. on galaxy tab s 10.5 running lolipop 5.0.2
. banking information is typically two days old. honestly it's a pointless app without an option to update banking information. i don't understand why this is not possible on androids. i was able to retrieve updated banking information on my iphone. banking data on the android app is up to 2 full days old. this means a trip back to the office for certain financial decisions and renders reports useless. it's a financial system. banking is a fairly important component of a business' finances!
. a great program for anyone with their own business. its a small price to pay to be able to stay organized and keep your business on track. rated 4 stars because their is still a couple of stiff areas that need improvement but could be that i dont completely understand the program in those areas.
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
"problems. this app will not let me save an invoice, it always says ""this number already exists"" no matter which number i add. only started the error on the 301112, please fix."
. takes care of everything for me makes life so much easier!
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
"worse accounting program. you have to go through multiple screens for a simple tasks. there is functionality in the app that's not available in the desktop which is unusual for an accounting program. automation and ""how to"" help menus are nearly nonexistent."
works well!. this app does what i need it to do. i'm an electrical contractor and i'm able to do all the bookkeeping myself with just a little help. i like the ability to make invoices on the job, enter receipts at stores, and view the status of customers. i would suggest this for any small business. i use the basic service ($10mth) and it's well worth it.
app is changed for the worse. i am not sure when this happened, but the app is now useless and does not have the functionality it used to have. i now need to do everything on computer. not good.
can't match bank transactions reliably. the only reason i use this app is to match bank transactions when i have some 'down' minutes. lately, they keep getting kicked back to me, so i have to match them on my pc anyway. also, you don't have access to both memo and description, so your notes don't appear in reports if you add the transaction though a bank connection.
digital signature. i would like to ask how to get the digital signature on the sale invoice. thanks
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
quick books. not happy with the new update i have a vision problem and it makes it hard to see and read please change it
quickbooks scheduler. we love quickbooks and how well it works in the field. we got the gopayment as well. the only thing i wish quickbooks would add is a scheduler for jobs open, accepted, and estimates pending.
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
help. the android app is very very slow it takes a long time to change a estimate to a invoice i have emailed support several times about the issue with no reply please speed it up.
user friendly. quickbooks has saved me so much time and stress! i have a small business and tried excel and failed miserably. but when i switched to quickbooks it took me no time to figure out it could do everything i needed and more! also the customer service is wonderful, anytime i have called for help because i'm terrible at technology they walk me through step by step without making me feel stupid. i'm so happy i switched to quickbooks!!!
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
compatibility issue?. no problem installing it on my phone but will not install in my tablet, says it's not comoatible (both v6.0.1 marshmallow). what seems to be the problem? huge disappointment from such a well known company!
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
ótimo!. recomendo!!!
. it doesn't have a feature that allows to also monitor the business on the pc, i mean webversion linked to the app.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck."
don't believe the negative reviews!!. i think the application is a huge time saver. works great on my ipad air 2. i strongly recommend this app! it's like getting a full time bookkeeper for only $30 per month! i like having my business records semiautomated in the cloud. intuit offers a 30 day trial. why not just try before you buy? that's what i did and i haven't been disappointed.
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
. help. i am trying to log in for a while but it keeps saying that there are technical issues and i need to try again later. i have been trying to get in for taxes and can't.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go.
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
time saver!!!. i have been using it online, now with the app it goes by so much faster!!
awesome for my business. can’t do business without quickbook. really efficient when it’s time to prepare taxe income report.
printing receipts. how come you cannot print receipts on the app after you have put a payment through
finally. i can’t believe it has taken me this long to become this organized with in my business. being able to scan my receipt and toss it in the trash feels amazing. no more consuls full of old receipts.
mr. recent updates have slowed both the phone and computer app to a crawl. very frustrating. otherwise a very good app on my phone.
. very poorly designed app. with alot of limitations for a mobile device. i would strongly recommend finding another service.
qbo app. very good indeed!
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
just no. the app isnt compatible with the galaxy s7 which is really inconvenient. 👎👎👎.
pretty good. nice to have my business account online so i can check and send invoices when needed. only annoyance is it keeps fully logging me out.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
great app but missing some key functions. i've used qb online for a year now and its a great service. the app allows me to invoice and record pymts immediately, however i cant seem to enter expenses. if i could do that it would get 5 stars.
. good, but... it doesn't have all the features of quickbooks online on the computer. it would be nice to manage expenses from my phone and to balance account registers. edit: with expenses added, it's now a more complete mobile business manager. happy to see the forward progress. keep adding the new features!
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
doesn’t work with ios13. pls fix
. very much useful app
categorize expense. useful. would be better if it can scan the photo and also categorize expenses.
update make app worthless. thanks for the update that prevents me from sending invoices.
very user easy. this app is great. very user friendly!
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
awesome app!. really useful app!!!
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
good app but.... i automatically give apps that force me to rate them a onestar.
. still in trial, but so far so good... very pleased with overall functionality! trial over, five years later... upgraded to 5 stars. perfect app for my small business. does what i need, always available, improves the client experience.
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
. can't easily navigate or edit start totals or the any other deposits to start where i want to
design and user interface is outstanding. very simple to use..
. all selfemploy business need a quickbook to hepl delivered business closure with your busines transaction .
only for ar. this app pretty much just acts as a payments rec'd recorder. has no other functionality that i can see. need to enter vendor invoices on the go so it would be nice if , even if it doesn't have full functionality, you could at least handle vendors and customers on the go.
. great app. handy
subscription renewal poorly thought out. i have been using qbonline for more than a year. it picked the worst time to time out and demand a subscription renewal. further it requires multiple logins and you must be st your desk top. nothing more frustrating than what amounts to a software crash when you are trying to get things done. huge fail quickbooks
. the app was good until the free teial was up. i tried to subscribe but it wouldnt go through.. i uninstalled and reinstalled and lost everything and it still wouldnt work!!!!
great app!. just need the ability to take a photo of a receipt and upload it and then it'll be 5 stars (i understand this is something that the online application is lacking as well)
suscripción suspendida! ya pague! pero sigue suspendida ayuda. ayuda ! esta suspendida y no puedo facturar
slow, complicated. can't do everything in app, also need the website open. have spent almost a week setting up. terrible. keeps crashing. awful.
. thanks for the quick reply, awesome app.
has features the browser doesn’t. i can see addresses on the client list, and it integrates with maps to get driving instructions
. login issue verification code sending is very slow and sometimes not.
great support. we use the app almost exclusively to keep our business mobile. recently had an issue and contacted customer chat to get it resolved. they had me screen record it happening and said they would push to engineering for fix. honestly didn’t expect anything fast but they fixed the issue and included it in the new patch. it’s been about a week or less so a big thank you the support teams for getting it fixed and getting us back to normal.
great app!. i'm in love with this app, too bad that the proadvisor app doesn't work as sharp (doesn't work at all).
crashes on iphone x. crashing on iphone x
easy to use. really like the app because i can keep up with accounting on the go for my business.
review. happy with qb is working for me just need to work out how to link my bank in and do my accounts on it this should be simple but l am no wizard on tec. the code that l am ask for from my bank is not linking and not sure why. but so fare it's good.
. absolutely horrible customer service having multiple issues but because they can't duplicate it they act as if it's not a problem i have to delete my app and reinstall just about every day now because it says there is suspicious activity when there isn't and on the samsung tablet the app will not let you do negative numbers for discounts
. i have used it for 3 years managing my business invoices, cash flow etc. it's great!
please support iphone x & faceid. please support full screen resolution on iphone x and faceid
awful software. i have quickbooks for years and the service is awful and the customer service reps can't help you. plus read the small print about the merchant account i have been paying 4% on credit card transactions. simply horrible
best app. great
good but could be better. many features that are online, you cannot use in the app. even the online version is limited.
. since adding 3rd party, quickbooks has locked its own app from being able to communicate or work properly with it self. re installed 4 times. have 3 deposits top collect today and no way to record them. all for several thousand dollars. useless application... costing me money...
it's really useful. it's really useful
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
clumsy, slow, crashes often. not a great app, times out saving transactions, sometimes saves them, sometimes not. not worth the money
quicken & quickbooks been around since the 80's. fantastic accounting software. great for anyone to use. teach your kids!😄😍😘💖💎💎💎
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
fair at what it does. still lacks time entry, which remains a problematic task for new and occasionally seasoned employees using our tablets on the shop floor since qbo time entry mode does not support mobile browsers and uses a antiquated interface. can not issue or do anything with po's. will not refresh bank data (from bank).
invoices. great company that takes care of all your business needs !
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
mr. doesn't work on ipad pro or iphone. it says my subscription has expired. i have had it for several years and it still works on macbook but on ios it thinks i am on a free trial until 13th april but still locks me out saying i need to update my subscription. it is useless to me if it won,t work on ipad because i photograph all my receipts into the app. will cancel subscription if it doesn't work soon.
very useful app. very useful app, works like a charm
. using this app had help me reduce the time required to prepare my client account significantly from months to just weeks. some from 23 years backlog to weeks. i can use the time saved for other aspects of my client business.
. there are many bugs and glitches. the ios version allows bank feed updates and this one doesn't!! still doesn't. still buggy.
very happy. this app makes my accounting work super easy, can't wait for all features to be available on the app.
so easy to use!. such an easy app to use, these guys have simplified bookkeeping down from something i wouldn't dare touch, to being able to raise invoices from my phone and connect my bank accounts, no hassles at all.
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
makes accounting a breeze. this app is great. link it to your account and it quickly learns how to categorize your expenses. then all you have to do is confirm or adjust as needed. 👍👍
"cool expenses feature allows upload of receipt  needs croppdf tool. one of the best parts of the app is the ""expenses"" feature, which allows you to enter all of the details of an expense on the go, including the expense account, how you paid (credit card, etc), and any memodescription of the transaction. i'd like to see the image upload function in expense allow for cropping, and even better, auto pdf conversion with cropping, like the camscanner app"
. worked fine until they updated the app, now does not work at all, can't even find my account, worthless
love this app. qbo is indispensable in running my business.
nice, but naughty. i am writing this review at christmas, that explains the headline :) this app used to be awesome. now i get a lot of can not connect to data or can not refresh data even after multiple refreshes. hope they fix it
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
. love this app
pretty good but no international customers?. the vendors that are set up as eu or other don't show up on interface, a problem when half your business is international. also, entering invoices is cumbersome, only use for extreme circumstances. but nice to have something that partially functions when on the run.
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol.
great app. very happy with this app!
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
"worse accounting program. you have to go through multiple screens for a simple tasks. there is functionality in the app that's not available in the desktop which is unusual for an accounting program. automation and ""how to"" help menus are nearly nonexistent."
pedro valdes,ea. very good for accountant, and clients. less time for both.
. it runs my entire backoffice. very happy.
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
great app. this app helps tremendously! great work and thank you for making book keeping so simple.
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
. app takes a while to open. tends to freeze once i'm using it. very frustrating
very good app. :)
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
. convenient i love the convenience of this app.
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
very weak. i have been a quickbooks user for years but the app is just weak. employee transactions are not possible and reports are minimal. i consider these critical aspects of good accounting software and they almost do not exist in the app. i don’t need an app to write an invoice or figure out that someone owes me money. however, keeping track of my reporting to the government and paying employees is critical and these do not exist in the app.
pretty good. this app is great. the quickbooks online system is fantastic. essential to running my business.
please update. please update so it wont crash with ios9
. does basic accounting. cool. i paid money for this. clunky interface. settings buried in random locations. this is a professional product?
little confusing. been using about a month. find it to be a bit confusing but working thru it.
i looking. hai friends my name is navas abdulla i'm looking some software live sales report ..in store sales promotions company ..any one can to suggest any live sales, report software for sales promoters www.qmpromotions.com it's my website qmpromotions@gmail.com
only us users. only support for us companies. what about the nonus users?
. moderate user, nice to estimate and invoice on the go
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
disappointed. although it loaded up ok, it didn't refresh my data that i had added online. i emailed support who are supposed to reply in 24 hrs but never heard anything. so unless they get this sorted it's going to be deleted.
. excellent love this app.
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
. installed. was so excited. doesnt connect to server. period. useless. rather use simple invoicing
great software. very happy i use to use a different software but it wasn't as good as quickbooks thank you quickbooks
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
useless. i'm not even sure what the point of this app is. there's absolutely nothing you can do with it besides see what what you've already done on your desktop. the app does nothing to help you keep things moving along.
great app for every business. i have only played with this app a little to see what it can do, it is a great app for any service business, it automaticly updates all the records when you make a sell or a purchase. perfect if you are bad about keeping up with paperwork, this app will help u do it all as you go.
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
. i cant even login. the apps crush everytime i am trying to login!!
changed the way we do business. i love this app. we needed something that we could easily use in the field. we can create estimates, invoices, receive payments and even attach check images to those payments. our productivity has skyrocketed. quickbooks has figured out the mobile accounting software. customers for life.
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
monthly service. forced to use a monthly service that is way overpriced for my usage and needs
easy to use, innovative and mobile friendly. we have been using qb at australiance.com for almost a year and i would not go back to my previous accounting software. the interface with paypal works well and save heaps of time for our online sales. it s easy to create expenses (e.g. business lunches etc), quotes or invoices on the go with the app + always know your bank account position as it interfaces directly with it.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
quickbooks is quirky. i am not a fan because they just don't embrace mac users. the app is not reliably working.
great app. i personally find the app easier then the desktop version. everything is quick and easy to do. raise an invoice or estimate instantly and see your bank account balance. great.
tax invoice as per india standard. dear, please give us more invoice style templates as per india stander
be careful. i resynced my bank feeds and two years of transactions got deleted. i spent an hour on the phone and was told they couldn't fix it...
perfect for small businesses!. i have a growing cleaning company and thus app is perfect for me!
awesome. that's what i said in 2012. the app keeps getting better, now it's very soon to be 2017, and still the same review.. good app.
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution
great app. coming from microsoft office, i enjoy quickbooks so much. it is so mobile and easy to use. there have been a few questions i had, but a quick search led me to the answer. i recommend the program and the app.
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
convenient. moving to quickbooks online plus has been a great move. there was a small learning curve but it is very stable and now we're very happy that we made the change. the best part is using the app on my iphone
better if had a progress invoice option.. almost complete, but not perfect. still missing progress invoices feature. i’m using 2 apps because i need that.
. this app is horrible. why make something so bad? it needs a complete overhaul. i can't email receipts to an inbox, income transactions don't show gst amount like expenses, i can't view pdf receipts. it's just all round ugly and cumbersome and i've only used it for five minutes. i thought the xero app was bad but it's 5 stars compared to this trash. deleted.
great for mobile. i have enjoyed using the app. has what i need for most part.
almost great. this app would be better if it had a little more functionality. i would love to be able to upload photos to invoices or even send an invoice from the app. i find myself not really using the app very much because it does not have full functionality. it would be nice if qb could mirror their web based app.
nexus 6p problems. still does not work on nexus 6. i'm trying to run a business this app use to make me efficient. now it sucks that i can no longer log in to upload receipts. i would give it zero if i could.
simplicity and ease. i am new to quickbooks online but absolutely love how simple the app is. it creates time and space in my personal life.
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
extremely limited. to be honest, this app does almost nothing i would want it to do. if all you want to do is record payments or call a business contactgreat. if you actually want to keep up with your business (banking, reports, employees, payroll, etc) on the go, this app is near useless. i can't imagine why you would pay to use this. even free i am deleting right away so it doesn't waste any more of my time or space.
. great app!!
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
. very easy to use. let's me print legal invoices on the go. can also provide quotes and estimates.
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
. can't add items i used to live this app. i wished it would work when i add a item. to my invoices evertine i tap add item and choose my item to add it says error add item. it reallly stinks because i loclve using this app while i am in the road. now i habe to bring my computer and take time to find wi fi hot spots to use my computer please fix thia problem. our help me fix it
convenient, fast at a glance with limited functionality. this is a nice compliment to the full web app. i can get a quick on the go look at my books but would love to see more functionality for time sheets, payroll and reports.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
"soooo slow. i have been using this app for about three years , and it was very functional and useful, but now, almost every time i open it, it says ""downloading data,"" and stays there... for 35 minutes doesnt matter whether my phone is on wifi or cell coverage. i hope they fix this bug."
small business asset. easy way to keep track off all those expenses, invoices, payments etc for a small business owner with little time to spend on administrative stuff.
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
error. a lot of error messages when trying to save things. only to find out it was saved twice afterwards.
great. it's a lot easier to use that the 10.0 version i had installed. love that i can invoice customers right thru email and get paid within 2 days!! linking bank accounts is is a huge plus too! ! i'm honestly excited about tax season this year!
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
. i can't use this app at all because it will not sync to my bank. not the app or any of the services offered. i'm trying to cancel all of my subscriptions and services and it seems impossible to do. directions for canceling do not work. i have yet to see any cancellation choices in any drop down menus. i'm paying for services that i can not use and unable to cancel which is a scam.
. nice...love this app a million times. please download.. very useful and helpful
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
limited functionality. app doesn’t permit printing or downloading to a spreadsheet format. makes it impossible to reconcile accounts or print statements for records retention. very expensive with limited functionality.
keeps me on track. i'm so happy with qb. makes estimates, invoices and takes payment. that's what's most important to me. haven't used it to pay my bills yet. i'll explore it later. wish i could set alarms to do estimate followup. would be so helpful
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
crashes when trying take credit cards. crashing on 2018 ipad pro. multiple times
easy to use. with no little accounting knowledge you can operate this online tool.
i can use my phone and ipad!. had the desktop version for years and loved it! always updated every couple of years and learned the new changes. then went to online version, little less features but was more mobile. now i have it at the office, or anywhere! some features are still a work in progress  like receiving payments, but this quickbooks team has been developing and updating since the beginning. great accounting software!
. sluggish, cant get bank account info. each log in was a hassle. i uninstalled it after 2 days. is this the beta?
. fantastic, easy to use software. i own two small businesses and quickbooks has made my life a lot easier. with the app i can use it anywhere, which is a nice bonus. highly recommend it!
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
good but frustrating.. no access to vendor information or purchase orders on an iphone or ipad. have complained about this for nearly 2 years. falling on deaf ears. they agree that it would make sense but there is no one that gives a *%!£ to do anything.
a whole new level of deluxe. this has taken our construction company to the next level. the reporting, receipt feature and ease of use has made it simple to track p and l of each job
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
does not work. cannot trust any invoices under clients or vendorsall are bad. only thing it can be used for is to take a photo of a receipt and add it to a vendors account. can make up an estimate in the field otherwise it is terrible
. full featured app! quickbooks makes it easy to stay organized. this full featured app brings the desktop to you. easy to make invoices on the go.
functional with problems. the latest update took away the ability to choose territory in the app even though using a web browser does. i contacted intuit to report the problem. very nice but nothing has been done to fix it. also, common reports aren't available in the app.
very disappointed. moving to a different invoicing product.
. its a very helpful app for businesses
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
stopped working on samsung galaxy s6. never had a problem with the app till about 3 weeks ago. it stopped working on my samsung galaxy s6 for no reason. i'm a small business that's on the road a lot and need to be able to send invoices on the spot. please fix it.
east coaster. i love the online version. i can use my laptop, ipad or iphone to update, send quotes or invoices and even take payments via email.
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
needs improvement. the bottom line is its a half attempt at a usable app the key features such as updating and access to registers don't work and the work around snare to tedious
. its a great app.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. app no longer loads. error returned from client
excellent application. i like it, amazing app 👍🏼
. don't waste your time with other apps
. don't fill up your information for free trial it's easy to set up for free trial. they doesn't have options in app for unsubscribe your free trial. you have to reach them every day for unsubscribe your free trial. if you not satisfied from app then start call them before 5days, they will not answer your call till your free trial not get expired. be careful before you sign up.
. really good for simple operations i only needed the app for a small subset of operations.... that is, quickly open,edit, and send an invoice. i am thankful for that capability. perhaps intuit could stress that the app is not intended to be full blast qbo.
easy iphone app. i like it, it’s easy enough to navigate on my iphone. you cannot do everything that you can do on the computer but it takes care of most business.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
. it's a great app
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
too many problems entering expenses. he expenses are not taking the payee. i had to switch to desktop to enter the expenses with the payee. hopefully quickbooks will address it.
love it. amazing i don't know what i would do without this app.
. anyone please answer, how can i open a quick book file through this app which i was created by my laptop
not what i would have expected!. had the 2010 desk top version and upgraded so the bookkeeper and i could use it at the same time. just disappointed...but trying to be open and learn it better.
it fits my needs. keeps all my customer info stored so i dont have to input it every time
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
rubbish. on quite a few occasions including the last six or seven attempts ‘unable to get all my quickbooks data’ think i’ll be binning this app!
app. grate app worth purchasing i'd recommend this to anyone
. cant add expenses or clients to qb through my smart phone
update the update, please.. i love this app. i use it every day, but the new update (4.5, released yesterday) will not let me record payments or save new invoices. it forces me to cancel each time, which doesn't save any changes made. please fix asap.
. still very much a novice, but love learning qbo as i go
great  when it works.. app crashes often and has trouble down loading data
. propaganda enganosa falava qu e o aplicativo estava media de 13 reais fiz a assinatura sem o primeiro mês de teste já quererem cobrar quase 49 reais não quero isso por favor cancele. além de não dar para usar um aplicativo tão complicado agora anuncia um valor barato depois cobra mais de 3 vezes esse valor. cancele não quero. nem usei. instalei hoje e já estou desinstalando.
great app for small business. only problem i see is cannot link to pc and print balance sheet
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
great so far. using quickbooks for the first time, so far, input is quick and easy. this app is making it possible to start my own business.
. after some training it is clear that quickbooks is an invaluable tool for business. after using other cloud invoicing software who have either not covered my needs or have closed down i would hope that qb will be around for the long haul . downgraded by 1 star because the recipt capture isnt quite as good as another app i had .
. keeps crashing when entering receipts. it's infuriating. updated review 6 months later still crashes when splitting an expense. tried deleting the cache. it's useless.
great for on the go. i originally only used quick books software on my pc. it was still nice software but i would often find myself behind or forgetting to update my accounts. now with the software on my iphone i can easily update everything immediately. i have been using it for a while now and haven't experienced any problems.
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
kinda cumbersome. this app isn't very intuitive and there are a lot of free apps that do the same thing.
. sweet app this is a sweet app for my small business
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
great  when it works.. app crashes often and has trouble down loading data
. great app.
. for a mobile accounting app it does a fairly good job, and obviously the most important part is the qbo intigration and having that information accessible wherever i go. one change that i wish was made would be a frequently used or a favorites at the top of the list of vendors and accounts. it really stinks to have to search for the things i use the most
sign in issue. great app, except the need to confirm with text or email every time upon sign in!! would have rated higher with out this issue. very frustrating
great app. love the details and ability to invoice or add customers on the go!
. its easy but the app needs work to be seemless. its not as userfriendly as the desktop version but for what i use it for its alright.
. dashboard won't even populate. menu button doesn't work. i can only see recent activity. i can not use the app at all!!!!
so easy to send an invoice on the go.. so easy to add items, rates and invoice2go, email it while you are waiting for your coffee and your up to date !
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
garbage update. please test all your updates before releasing them to paying clients!!! invoicing issues, client search issues, expense issues, wth!!!
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
slow.. not was easy as before. not much function as before. some new function was not useful
. great app
. i dont have a comment, but i do have a question. is this app beneficial to a incorporated contracting company, or is it more so set up for a cash and carry business structure.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
. this app is very useful for my shop for trak inventory item and gst purpose and more
. excellent just sometimes login doesnt register
not working properly after update #2. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. my books don't match from my phone to my computer. the pin still doesn't work, every time i edited an invoice it magically created a copy of an invoice that showed up 2 days later. now i have a ton of clean up to do in my books. it's time for me to find new accounting software.
convenient app. fast and easy way to update my account plus banking syncable
no longer works with ios 13. i just updated to ios 13. the app now crashes immediately after it tries to launch my company. i tried reinstalling it but no luck. please fix this asap!
. so how long is your app going to be temporarily unavailable? we're going on 3 days now and i need to bill people.
killer app. killer service.. the app is great, arguably better than the online version. great for keeping track of transactions and uploading photos of receipts.
limited options. i love the app but would l like to be able to fully edit or create new customers and vendors in this app. although it is possible, it isn't as detailed compared to the online desktop version.
completely useless for me. i need to receive payment by invoice number like i can do on the desktop and web version. this doesn't allow for that. useless.
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
. if you can go anywhere else please do. i'm not sure how thet can, whether it was one person or a group of people in qb, but they consistently took money from our account. with our attorney we are in the process of getting the issue resolved. do not use qb.
. keeping on top of expenses and invoicing is easy with quickbooks online.
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
. where do i start. purchased to help with accounts for small self employment business. did not upload new transactions from bank account or paypal as advertised on app or the full site. mileage tracker was not accurate. user interface too basic. so frustrating as i would use this constantly but as it does not upload my transactions properly, it is unusable. far too glitchey as an app. wish i had done free trial and not wasted money on it.
love new layout. love this app it allows me to create invoices and receipt on the go with tablet or phone
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
google signin never works. i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google signin. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
"intuit  ""design for delight"" _experience. awesome ! cheers . team foodtropis™ (disrupting food consumption , globally )"
ios 13. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please. thank you all fixed now
bad customer services to cancel. struggling to get the right information on how to cancel before getting charged as i'm using other software now. been contacted twice with the wrong info.
great value. does all the basic accounting functions you would expect. nice to be able to operate away from desktop situation.
room for improvement. it is a great app. it has a lot of room for improvement. i need to be able to assign each expense to individual jobs so i can job cost. also i need to be able to create multiple jobs per customer, ie sub jobs.
quickbooks renew account??. renewed my subscription for a year and i'm still locked out, every time i log in it keeps telling me to subscribe for 1 month i tried to go that way and it asked if i wanted to change my current year subscription? makes no sense.. wish some (tech support or program owner) fixes it i'm about to cancel it all..... wy small business owner
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
easy iphone app. i like it, it’s easy enough to navigate on my iphone. you cannot do everything that you can do on the computer but it takes care of most business.
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
error!. when i login with credentials it says connecting and finally shows me error
amazing improvement in technology. we operate a wholesale division, a small brick & motor store, and two large ecommerce platforms that we participate in. quickbooks online and the combination of some of the apps will completely revolutionize how we process our accounting and retail transactions. saving us countless hours of time and increasing productivity
i spoke, they listnened. i have had my fair share of frustrations with intuit and when they send out questionnaires i answer them and my biggest complaint was no access to a p&l which is now apart of the app. it's perfect for what i use it for and there's nothing like creating invoices and getting paid on the go. great update and thanks for listening.
. doesn't work. after logged in, i can seem to review my accounts. this would be a great app if they could fix this issue.
easy. great app that is so simple to navigate, and dead easy for business novices. well designed.
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
disaster to sign out. i happened to see this app and found it is interesting to scan invoices but turns to be that i have to be a “company” to use it and have to pay so much for it! so expensive!!!!!!
handy. the mobile app is very convenient for entering expenses on the go. you can add photos of receipts and create new customers and suppliers easily. profit & loss and balance sheet function gives you a quick snapshot of your business. overall, the app is quite handy to use for small businesses.
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
easy to use. keeps me on top of my expenses every day. should have started using it months ago!
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
useless since update. the last update brings a gorgeous splash screen. i know this because i see it dozens of times each day since i have to log in every time i open the app! completely useless now.
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
makes it easy. i love the easy to use format and more professional looking invoices and estimates. and the format saves me a lot of time filling out forms. before i was hand writing the estimate, scanning and then emailing from my computer at home. qb does all that from my phone. it works very well for my small business.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
terrible across the board. quickbooks online needs a lot more research and development. continuously enters double entries from link bank account. does not enter feeds uptodate like it says it is going to
randy. can i m merge my quick books pro info into this app
. very good program, other than the price has went up 3 times this year.........getting expensive.......started at $12 a month and now at $25
. it would be nice if the app was translated in many languages...
. great app
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
silly errors. there are a few silly things that would be so easy to correct. invoice design, and worst of all sending a customer a copy of a paid invoice shows invoice amount as 0.00. not the actual amount and paid.
very handy.. life made easier.
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
cannot find anything useful in the app. how do i display a report of unpaid bills? far too limited to be of any use.
loving the app.. using qb since last 14 years and smart app. lovely.
. you should make the interface exactly the same as the desktop version. we don't mind paying more for online, knowing that we constantly get updates, and logon capabilityfrom any computer and can have the online backups. but having the desktop vs online being totally different and opposite from eachother is annoying. i will give 5 stars when this changes.
. cant connect to the app
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go and how it syncs with quickbooks online.
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
consider other programs.... purchased quickbooks for the fact it is easy to photograph receipts and upload, which worked for about 2 weeks and now always comes up with a error.... tried reinstalling etc, still doesn’t work. useless.
best bookkeeping and accounting software. quickbooks is the best bookkeeping and accounting software that is to be found. i highly recommend it!
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
makes my life 10xs easier. having quickbooks online is the best thing to happen for my business. i have more time to spend with my family and i’m also able to keep up with my business better. all of my information is right at my fingertips! love it!
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
. so, right up front, why not disclose the cost for the app after the 30day addiction period?🙄 google pixel 2 xl.
great app. just started to use. easy to navigate. have had no issues.
nice but buggy. first i'd like to thank you for a great app that makes my business easy on the go! needs some attention but on my s5 it doesn't appear in the multitask list and my friends iphone has the ability to match bank feeds also which is missing on my android?
passwords. i signed up seen the expense and uninstalled it after looking at other apps i decided to return to this app but when i tried signing in it gave me a error message so i tried reseting the password and have entered my verification codes but still can not log in. i would like to possibly purchase the app but this is very difficult since i can't get in
on the go. the app is excellent for anyone on the go.
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
slowly losing my business. i'm about tired of this app not functioning properly. embarrassing to say the least when i have a customer trying to pay their bill and i can't even connect to quickbooks online server. none of your apps are working as advertised. $25month for what again?
great invoicing on the go. this is great for a business thats on the go. only negative you cannot make changes to the invoice once done.
pas mal !. application très conviviale — me sauve plusieurs heures de pénible saisie comptable par mois. quelques petites fonctions additionnelles permettraient une utilisation encore plus conviviale, comme le fait de pouvoir par défaut définir des taxes (qui sont, dans 95% des cas toujours la même chose) au lieu de devoir spécifier le tout chaque fois...
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
. good experience
keep crush !. my iphone version is ios11.2.1. i can’t open this app. keep crushing. please fix asap.
. this is not an free app. and they say it's not free after you submit all you information including phone number for verification. if they say its not free before i submit the info, i might think over and probably purchase....
. nice app
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
not trustworthy. quickbooks has some issues with taking multiple accounts under the same email. i can not access my account because my email was used to open a second trial and i can not access my data any longer. choose better accounting software, overall. this app has no visible way to logout or troubleshoot.
. this app is awesome and helps to organize your life and your business habits
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software. update: this was a problem they had seen and were working on. they fixed it and informed me of the fix a few hours later. working now.
best app for start up company. hands down this app is the best for any size company, once its all set and customized to your company you & your employees will operate more efficiently. take your time to learn it don't be afraid to call customer service they are very friendly and helpful.
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
. used to work perfect ever since update it's very unreliable. can't log into app reliably. it often locks me out right when i'm standing in a customer's house trying to invoice them or locks me out when i need to go through my client list for a phone number etc. i suggest you consider competitors software until the app becomes stable again.
great so far!. i am really glad we went with quickbooks online, as i love this app! being able to pull up any and all financial information as well as build and email estimates and invoices on the go is crucial to our business! thank you intuit!
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
needs features. app seems to get bug fixes but vary rarely does it get new features. as a mobile professional i would like to have the same features in the app as on the computer. currently investigating other more powerful mobile options vs quick books update: can't even enter expenses with the app only a pc! in the usa they can enter expenses with the app.... wish i could deduct an extra star just for that.
finally signature for iphone. love it!!! all of my invoices are generated via my iphone 6, and it was frustrating without having that feature. touch id is a great touch! i like the ability to have different invoice options, but wish i could design it exactly the way i want it. keep up the great work with updates.
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
. currently a subscriber to many quickbooks services. unfortunately, i am no longer able to access my account via the app on my mobile device after the latest update. will update my rating if the issue can be remedied
great job!. now i know when an invoice has been emailed. very complete app! now we just need a bulk action.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
. quickbooks online has been great, downloaded this app to make life quicker when not in the office. however, for expenses i have found it unusable as the same payment methods i am using online are not available on the app and therefore it messes up the consistency of my transactions. very disappointed as had high hopes, have yet to test the differences whilst invoicing.
. best app ever for running a business. very accessible when you have time restraints.
worth it could be improved. works well, my only complaint is different functions are available or not available depending on how you access quickbooks. can be a little frustrating when i need to send an account statement and have to do it from a pc as that option seems to be absent on iphone and ipad access. better than my other invoice options by far worth using for sure.
do not waste your time on this free version. this is a very limited app. do not try it! app is limited and they just try to up sell the full version. support friendly but can not support a mobile version on an ipad . this product only good for desk top computer. would not recommend to anyone. beware. check out other reviews i simply ignored the negative reviews now i am writing one.
. great app, easy to use!
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
horrible. what a joke. all i want to do is be able to go to my online account. every time i try to do that it pops up to install this app. i did. now when i go in nothing looks the same or works the same. you would think i would be able to go online without this horrible app. i would give it zero stars if i could.
very intuitive. incredible app. i find it easier to use than the desk top version.
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
. this app takes forever to do anything. it literally takes a minute just to open after i tap the app icon. completely useless. information is not reflected correctly during use. just use a web browser instead.
great bit of kit. value for money!! 👍😬. we use qb on the desktop, ipad and phone. highly recommend it !!
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
latest update won't open!. latest update crashes immediately.
awesome app!. great software, well written and updated regularly, moves seamlessly between phone ipad and desktop
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
invoices don’t look great. the issue i had when using quickbooks was the invoices just didn’t look very polished or professional. there’s a way of setting up a custom invoice, but really you want a good default so you don’t have to muck around.
must have for any mobile business.. great app, syncs nicely. will give 5 stars once more functionality evolves. very user friendly.
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
weak iphone app, no customer service. really weak app, no customer service. after trying to contact qb customer service, i got no response from anybody at qb. after paying big monthly fees $ i'm switching back to invoice2go, where i got great customer service and my feedbacks were used in improvements.
great app. nothing like doing invoices from the phone!
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
so very useful!. i run a dog walking business and basically manage my entire business with my s4, this app and a printer. so easy to set up and maintain. i am very happy with quickbooks and would definitely recommend to others.
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
app not working  version 4.3.3. app not able to connect. consistently showing ‘temporary unavailable'
qbo ipad & iphone. i think that intuit is doing an incredible job with this product! the updates have been wonderful for me. it would be 5 stars if i could make bank deposits as well! i've upgraded to 5 stars since i can now do deposits as well. is bank transfer in the future?
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
. so far this is okay still need to learn
timed out....... worked for 2 hours on typing big estimate, session timed out, lost everything, how is this able to happen? we send people to the moon in 1969 yet we can’t safeguardprevent this app from wasting hard work and precious time. it’s the first time i thought i could throw my ipad into the next county. fix this stupidity
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
now works with ios13. just updated ios 13 app appears to be working on ios13.
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
ios 13 crashing. app crashing after password screen , ios 13 is not compatible with this app at present , considering the amount my company pays for quickbooks i’m disappointed to say the least .
excellent. i been using quickbooks in various versions since 1996. i upgraded to online in 2015. as i am a working at customers premises, sometimes 15 different a day, the instant invoicing using my iphone saves me having to sit at my office at the end of the day invoicing. another great thing about online is to check any outstanding invoices from customers who request unscheduled visits.
. usefull and effective. it needs improvement in its mobile features. creating delivery challan and entering gst details while adding new customers isn't available currently. hope to see this feature soon in the app
. takes way to long to update between quick books online.
. makes my life easier
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
will not export from pro to online. after 4 days working with quickbooks support they were not able to merge my company files over. very disappointed!
i love it!. awesome app! it simplifies everything! along with the selfemployment app you can't beat it!
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
too slow. too slow, freezes, doesn't show if the email has been sent and other things... quick sale is way better.
quickly. quickbooks online is ready to use. i write invoices and email the customer a copy immediately. thanks quickbooks for being so easy to use.
. preparing to start a business and this software was rated the best. i took a 5 day class for 4hours. i was so happy that i downloaded this app and used in class too.
. can't make a payment no options anywhere need to get invoice done
. if you have your own business you need this app!
accept button. accept button in banking is not working after update. it is now working :)
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
finally!. this app does all that i've wanted  expenses and all. good to se qbo is working at this. love the mobile experience.
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
quickbooks app. does not work well. needs a lot of improvements. each time i back up my files i end of with multiple copies on my ipad. have called several times and each time they blame the app developer which i have contacted but never heard back from them. poor program that needs fixing to get it up to good standards. do not recommend until they fix problems.
discount. one of the best accounting software on the market. the only think that maybe can be added is the discount feature on the invoice.
great accounting software. i previously used myob, thank goodness i changed to this  it is light years ahead and is saving me huge amounts of time.
useless app for working in qbo. only found 2 reports available through the app. can’t “drill” into figures on the 2 reports provided. cannot access expenses on coa can’t really get any work done.
. great app
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
app isn’t working after updating to ios 13.. app isn’t working after updating to ios 13.
. fantastic app! amazing ability to invoice on the go.
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer service (james refusing a last name or initial from customer care) experience, nothing resolved. no response from error logs. called and even gave control of my computer. never did intuit offer any fix. ongoing issues over 6 months damaging my business.
does what i need. doesn't do s lot, but does exactly what i need in the field.
. i am downloading this app but downloading is very slow. happening only with this app.
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app.
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
unstable bank syncing with capital one spark business. selling a functionality that isn’t ready for market... product is way too beta. needs more robust customization features for price of qbo, and portability across other qb versions, ie desktop, mac, etc.
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
. bugs galore and only on my first day of trying it out. sorry but needs some work.
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
freezes. freezes when saving a new client. app is useless.
brilliant app. i have tried a few other invoicing and book keeping apps and had a lot of problems with them. i have been using quick books for nearly a year now, and it's easy, professional and complete. i am very happy with it, and recommend it to everyone. thank you
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
having issues with iphone 11. after installing the app, and attempting to access it results in crashing.
. i love this app! makea my life easier:)
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
. often fails to sign in. limited app that hardly works. skip the download and just visit the website.
time saver!. this app has decreased the amount of time i used to spend in the office by 75%! it's intuitive and the support is fantastic. a great investment for my small business. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden.
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
love this app. the app links straight to your computer so you can send quotes, invoices etc on the move. this is a great small business tool at a great price.
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
. explain to me why i cannot screenshot anything any more? i have multiple customers that like to see their over all balance owed but now i can't send them a screenshot anymore. so you update the app to fix things, manage to mess up the one feature that worked best for me and still haven't fixed th spelling on the word supplies (it's literally spelt suppliea). great job!
. does all of my accounting. great app
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
worthless. i have never once been able to generate a p&l for a board meeting. the reporting function just does not work, which is the most useful part of accessing this program through a browser. also, even though i can enter a sales receipt, doing deposits from the + does not work and i am unable to make corrections that are relatively simple from the browser. this platform provides no service at all.
almost there. the developers are working hard at making this the best accounting package for smes. especially ones whose top management actively participates in reviewing reports. great for compact companies. great for hands on ceos. please check other reviews for page organisations and their experience.
where is the payroll functionality?!?!. the app seems to intentionally not include payroll functionality, that’s what i need most! f
invoices and estimates design. the design and layout of the invoices and estimates templates are outdated. seems like a small thing, but it reflects poorly on a business’ brand, and it is so easily fixed on your end. hire a professional designer and give clients a template that says quickbooks cares about our brand too.
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
nearly as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices
app doesn't connect on ios 9. ever since ios upgrade 9.3 and quickbooks mobile app doesn't sign in, always says check internet connection. it's a bug in the app and they know it, we contacted support to fix it and they said they are working on it and will have a solution by end of may. this problem has been on for more than 4 weeks with no solution. poor app with poor support. not recommended at all.
lifesaver. i used to spend hours every week making my own invoices with spreadsheets, now with quickbooks, i can get all my accounting stuff done in minutes. it's the best decision i've made all year!
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
crashed. our quickbooks crashed a week ago. they haven't been able to fix yet. frustrating
. my favorite accounting software!
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
. i keep getting a error that says unable to view payment because it includes finance charges. very frustrating when you can't view invoices.
. easy to use, very good app to invoice an manage the accountant anywere
need o and p. really need to add a way for someone to mark up of the invoice and show change orders to estimates.
doesn't support timesheet entry. i have an account through my employer that is only used to enter timesheet information. this works great through the quickbooks online website from my pc, but when i try to log in through the app it tells me that i do not have a quickbooks online subscription.
. best app to have to keep updated!!!!
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
chrashing in estimates. the app is great, only hiccup is that it restarts as soon as i go into opening a new estimate
. east to use
useful app. adds a lot of useful abilities to your mobile device. i'm not a heavy user of it, but i have not had issues with it for months using the basic features.
why pay for a subscription. when i bought quickbooks for the computer?
mileage tracker. any chance you can put a mileage tracker on this app? other wise it's perfect for small business
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
. the app has never been that useful and honestly i feel like quickbooks is losing my favor. now the app won't change the dates on reports. we live in a day in age when i expect to be able to access information when and where i need it, and if i can't count on something then i need to move to something i can count on.
. very user friendly app to use
. all new version is awesome this app is awesome! when intuit separated the quickbooks mobile app from this quickbooks online app they fixed a bunch of bugs and added a ton of features. if you have a quickbooks online subscription you need this app!
. app crashes all the time
. good accounting software. use it mainly for invoices.
app is awesome but works better on iphone than android. love the app however why can't i pull up profit loss statement graphs on my s6? this was extremely simple on my iphone 5. any help?
overall ok. if you have an issue good luck getting a hold of customer support. freezes up at least once a week and sometimes i can’t get into my invoices. for what i am paying for i expect more
. great app and can finally look at my invoices on the job.
. halimuzzaman syed. islami bank ltd bangladesh.
. this app keeps getting error loading items, to invoice and estimates can't use it. i call them for support and they have no support they referred me to log in on the web site and the same happens the search button flashes and dispensers. don't waste your time and money. if any one know about a good and reliable app let me know. this one is not reliable nor is their support.
. great app
. slick app designed to make your business life better.
. intuit sucks! scamming company ran by non english speaking reps. bought simple start 2007 for 125.00 with online access ,etc. in 2010 they ended all support for this software. that is shady. they promise you all these free services and then years later a foreigner informs you that all support has ended. to better serve there newer products. they suck.
. love the invoicing on the go. it makes my customers happy.
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use!
. thanks for not overcharging me. not bad it's good app for accounting.
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
unreliable. seems to have several issues when using apple products. macipad or phone.
. great app to get financial control of your business
great app. need security code.. the app has lot of confidential data. please add security code to open the app, similar to quicken.
. works good but only when it works. i've gotten disconnected twice now for no reason my mileage tracker first and now my bank accounts. tried to sign in on an alternate device and was asked to resubscribe. took my moneyback had no trouble doing that. but does nothing to alert me that it's no longer tracking my transactions.
. awesome app, does everything i need to operate a small business.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
horrible horrible app. this new version is terrible! it will not save invoices for payments when i apply them, but then when i log in to the desktop version there's duplicate and triplicate payments.
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses.
. great app, though i still need to refer to the desktop version. i am unable to pay employees through the app.
. this app no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
. consistent app
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
". the app will not sync to my quickbooks data. an error message appears. i am able to access my data online but not on the app. after 2 hrs on the phone with ""quickbooks"" i am left with ""we don't know"" and no solution in sight. i am a contractor and i use my phone or tablet to invoice etc. now i have all my accounting on quickbooks and can't use my phone or tablet to work it."
qb online. absolutely perfect i've been using the qb app and this is exactly what i've been looking for i'm a painting contractor and this app is going to make it easy for me. if you are a qb user it's a must get
consider other programs.... purchased quickbooks for the fact it is easy to photograph receipts and upload, which worked for about 2 weeks and now always comes up with a error.... tried reinstalling etc, still doesn’t work. useless.
. quickbooks online has been great, downloaded this app to make life quicker when not in the office. however, for expenses i have found it unusable as the same payment methods i am using online are not available on the app and therefore it messes up the consistency of my transactions. very disappointed as had high hopes, have yet to test the differences whilst invoicing.
quick books. so easy and simple. just the basics to fit the mobile phone
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
needs improvement. with every update the app gets worse and worse. not mention the desktop online even worse the ios app
quickbooks app. great app. really useful.
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
not pleased. for one i still can't redownload the app after i accidentally deleted it. it's been months. i hit the cloud button and it does nothing. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
great app. hoping for updates. it won't do everything the online computer version will but i use it everyday to help keep track of everything. worth the download.
make thing simple. we work away from the office all the time. q on the smart phone makes that easy. and it has never locked any of phones up. it work great.
. but as good as iphone so but as good as iphone app
new version. the updates are great.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
. so slow to picture receipts and save as a note!!! just scanning 6 invoices took about 20 minutes. nightmare.
. great app
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
pretty good could be great. this ties in nicely with the desktop version. it's not 5* purely because of the actual software not the app itself. the customising of the invoice isn't great and adding previous invoices when you first start isn't great but if you're not worried about that it works well!
discount. one of the best accounting software on the market. the only think that maybe can be added is the discount feature on the invoice.
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
terrible. i have had nothing but issues. last financial year it worked fine now it attached to my bank account it’s shocking. press accept for payments and expenses do the full month, i then go to profit and loss and shows no where near what i put in. 4 hours of my life i won’t get back i give up and cancelling my subs
. easy to create invoices in the field
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
needs work. glitches, freezes all the time, constant updates asks me to review app while i'm using app so annoying
easy to use. good layout but would be really useful if the suppliers element was added
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
how bad????. i would love to write a review, but as i've been trying to get this app to log in to my online account for 5 months now it's going to be a little difficult. but not as difficult as trying to get any customer support for this app. i could write a whole book on how impossible that is. so so disappointed. no help with this problem what so ever. frustrated!!!!!
great mobile app. allows me to take my business anywhere.
. user friendly for the droid not so much in the appleipad.
. you are loosing users. i also cann't login. please give me possible way to sign up.
love it!. makes tracking my business expenses super easy.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
not working properly after update. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. why did you replace the pin with passcode? i don’t want to log into my iphone, ever. all i need secured is my qb app and the pin worked just fine for that. with this update i can login successfully once every 2030 attempts. intuit, test your updates before you release them!!!
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multiuser access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
almost perfect. it would be perfect if there was an overview dashboard that showed outstanding invoices like the online dashboard.
glitchy software loses emails really crappy support. issues remain for years intuit does not fix. loses emails all the time invoices say sent when they are not.
easy to work with. it's just incredible to use and work with.
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
expensebill data missing in app. expense and bill data is not available in the iphone app while accessible online. what is the meaning of the app when i can't see any of my vendor bills or company expenses. development team???
. great app and also great customer service they answer my questions very fast.
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
. it is very easy and business to enter and transfer funds and i think download is the best part of the whole program
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
terrible app. absolutely terrible, even harder to cancel, don’t buy
. good app
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
. it keeps saying check back in a few hours when i attempt to look at my bank transactions. very glitchy
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up! one more star for a stronger search engine, can't find invoices by number or customers by address
. it's real basic. if you want to keep track of your balances, create estimates and receive payments, then it's fine.
do not upgrade to new ios. stopped working with new ios. people pay for this. clearly everyone is having this problem based on recent reviews. zero testing was done for the new ios release. zero. the search for something better has begun.
quickbooks. it’s taking a bit of getting used to but the more i use it the move i’m falling in love with it. it is so much easier than myob
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
can't even open an account!. i live in spain and the app won't accept my mobile number. i even tried a uk number but even that doesn't work. thumbs down for not even letting international customers to use or even view the product.
. i'm hooked love to send estimates and invoices on the fly.
. decent it's ok for adding expenses... but account balances are significantly lacking... i.e. non existent! must have!
useless keeps crashing.. totally useless, cannot open as it keeps crashing, one of the key reasons of subscribing to online quickbooks will be cancelling tomorrow and going elsewhere.
. good software, i find it a bit challenging compared to my laptop version.
still needs delayed charges. if you can add delayed charges to the available transactions, it will be perfect.
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
wow, did this app save our business. we are in florida and have had no power or internet for over one week. this app saved our real estate rental business. everything you can do on your desktop, you can do with your ipad, using this app. all customer data is stored on the cloud. this app is mandatory if you get hit by a disaster!
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
timed out messages. keep getting timed out error messages for 2 hours now as soon as i get logged in. not what a business owner needs to have on a monday! get this problem solved to help your customers be able to work!
. so far, so good... much better and more functional than similar apps.
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
garbage. do not use this app will create an accounting nightmare can’t export back to desktop or keep your data with out staying up with their monthly payments just junk
. fácil de usar, excelente para los que los que trabajamos por fuera
. i use quickbooks online with a scheduling program that is synced together. i am a one man company but you could never tell. thanks to quickbooks. l also have increased profits
. origionally i wanted to use this app for easy application of spreadsheets and invoices, unfortunately when everything wasn't working out for me, i decided to pull the plug and cancel my subscription. unfortunately, it is hard to get a cancellation and stop the reoccurring payments and it has brought me here. i would recommend that you guys make it easier for others to manage your subscription accounts.
good app. goop app
. fine app. would get 5 stars when i can do inventory
meh... large app, slow and expensive. looks nice but loading times are slow and not all sections display properly on a phone.
great app. i've been a qb user since the early 90's. the app keeps getting better with greater functionally. i'm confident that all functions will be available on the app in future release. i use this app all day to create estimates and bill customers. it's great.
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
fix the app!!!. this app use to work great until the last update! please fix asap!
. no major issues with the app. handy when scanning receipts.
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck. all fixed. awesome work!!!!!
where is the cost of the app?. where is the cost of the app. you gave me all kind of information but not the price of the app!!???
soooo convenient. being a small business owner, this allows me to access all of my customers on the road.
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
. no services rendered, yet charged for full service payroll. no refund offered or given.
. great app. would like to see a banking tab like online.
just started. i just started my business and only had a few transactions. when i downloaded qb online it was simple and everything reconciled perfectly. it's easier then the old software too which i am use to using.
many tech issues  poor customer support. after weeks of connecting to my bank account and importing my transactions automatically, the app decided to stop doing that. customer service was not helpful. also the reporting capabilities and graphics are very limited.
. i own a landscape company and have always needed to do invoicing at the job. this works wonderful for me! make the invoice, email it to customer, and they can pay me on the spot!
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
very useful. great app yo keep up with your income and expenses. i just love the way everything is set up.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
excellent app for small biz on the go. invoice from anywhere. super easy.
it's just not the same as online. though the app does do most of the basic functions that you can do online it is still lacking some of the advantages to just doing it online. it is convenient to be able to access it on the go but it should be as versatile as the online version, also some of the menus are a little confusing on the app.
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
easy to use so much detail!. i like that it can be synced with my crm & shared with my accountant!
. easy to create an invoice, a little difficult to look a customer's information via the phone app.
great idea, but not full version. as a longterm user, i expected more from the app than it has. i still have to use my pc for some of the essential functions such as payables, reports, and payroll. disappointed!
. love it. need to add ability to add bills via mobile app.
actually professional now. i was using word to create invoices, then excel to keep track of when they were paid. now it's all done in one place and even sends a professional looking invoice to my clients! i should've moved to quick books long ago!
. app does not launch on my phone
business owner. could use more features and customization on forms and invoices. some basic functions are missing. otherwise helpful. would recommend for a small business.
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
. after eading all the problems and seeing 90% of the reviews being 1 star im going to save a headache on this scam app should be taken off the market or sued for false advertising and costing people thousands of dollars. all the responses from support sound like they are prewritten for the complaints. please take app off the market and quit ruing the admin side of peoples hard work to start a business.
. love this app.
. best feature, snap a pic of receipts, log em immediately, drop the actual receipt in a shoebox, & forget about it!!! you can see if anyone paid instantly on your phone, send an invoice change, i mean its the fastest accounting i've ever done in 20yrs!
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
excellent. intuit quick books is an extremely important account program which my business is built around, and the application is the cherry on top, enabling me to complete accounting on the go. absolutely excellent application.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
"latest upgrade is a disgrace. i have never written a negative review of an upgrade, but the latest version of this app made a great app totally useless. you can no longer receive invoices or reconcile bank balances. do yourself a favor and delete the quickbooks app rather than ""upgrade."" the mobile website is more useful than the app."
useful tool. very convenient. it's good to not have to log around a laptop everywhere. instant access from anywhere. i love this. great idea!
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
limited in ipad. will not allow the entering of purchases on account from suppliers when using the ipad app. seems to be more cash based, unlike the version you log on with you pc or imac.
simple but professional. i could just learn most of it by myself, at least for my small nonprofit organizational needs. but would like to see more nonprofit features in the mobile version as well!
. please add the option to take a picture to the receive and add it automatically to the transaction
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
quickbooks. super easy to use! i was able to backlog and bring my business up to speed with quickbooks within a few hours after downloading quickbooks! operating the app is fun and accessible!
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
utter crap. if i could give no stars i would app crashes all the time won't send invoices to customers i have had for years have been struggling on with quickbooks for several years but now can't take the frustration anymore caused by this utter waste of money.
. good app, has some minor flaws but does work in a pinch when your out on the road and need to do a quick invoice
very good. it should be able to synchronize with quickbooks desk top.the online version on the pc sucks!!!! not user friendly,and very limeted,
i rely on online sync with my external banks. i'm disappointed the subscription i pay for is not mobile. i imagine it would take a lot of programming to include sync on mobile tablets but if it's already hosted on the server, why no access? i'm not a architect but i imagine outsourcing the sync hardware off the tablet you could get your current transactions on mobile . maybe i'm crazy
. still new but love the invoicing but accounts payable is hard to manage from mobile phone
. it's an ok app, tends to crash here and there.
cannot input supplier invoices you have to upgrade. bought quickbooks for our subsidiary business, input invoices, pay suppliers etc to find out you can’t actually input supplier invoices unless you upgrade! so from £11.99 a month to £18.99 a month just to input purchase, very odd
amazing. i haven't seen smart accounting software like this 👍🏼
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
. stopped working and customer support sucks and dropped the call after half an hour
. great program to use. super simple to learn. has everything you need to run a small business.
. i think this app is not a bad idea. just that it doesn't have where i could upload my logo. buh all same it's a very cool app
still can’t attach a receipt. even after the most recent update, i still can’t attach a photo of a receipt. i can select the photo from my library, but the save button has been missing since the last ios update.
. does everything i need. very easy to use.
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
disappointed. do not download this app. i'm sorry i did. extremely flawed.
. really works great. loads fast and easy to navigate. if you have quickbooks on your 1 desktop at home or office, you are in the stone age.
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
quickbooks online review. no longer works on nexus 6p. intuit support unableunwilling to help.
good for small business. i have a hvac & plumbing company and this helps keep everything in order. just wish there was a way to offer options on the estimates to my customers so they could pick which things they want to have done.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
stuck in the test version. it is all great in theory, yet there are so many glitches. you can’t search by address. it crashes too often. frequent notifications that as an example your deposits weren’t recorded properly do you want to fix them? i shouldn’t need to fix the bank deposits. please fix the bugs! oh and not all of my clients made the transition from the desktop version to the online version. also quickbooks asked me to rate quickbooks online 4 times today alone.
easy invoice creation. high quality invoices can be created on the fly with my iphone!
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
. ok app email invoice doesn't work version 3.8 been unable to send invoices via email for over a week now.
. i am a quickbooks proadvisor. i started qbo and am getting used to it. the mobile app has really improved! thanks intuit. always love how you really care about what we experience.
a good portable quickbooks app. the app has most of the important features, is easy to use, and is certainly a better option than trying to use the quickbooks online on an iphone. it is not a complete substitute as there are several features not available on the app,but it does allow recording time and expenses while on the road and even allows checking on and updating bank balances.
ok software. constant downloading of data and password reauthentication really slows down work. larger your business the longer it takes. you’d think with sas, would be much better. looking for opportunity to jump off.
very helpful. i am learning and enjoying the app.
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
. like many other i can no longer log in to the app, spoke to barbara on chat via the browser version and she seemed unaware of the problem despite several reviews mentioning it. otherwise i like the app (when it works!) although there are less functions than desktop. good particularly for scanning bills but can't do that at the moment...
. great program once you get used to using it👍
good but not free. 30 day free trial 😣
. useless. android app does not support in india
easy as pie. certainly has improved my business
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
love it!. i am a locksmith, need an easy and efficient easy to manage invoicing, books, transactions... qbo has saved me hours every night logging and sending invoices, billing, and balancing my books through my bank. i send invoices on the fly now, and all of the related bookwork is completed simultaneously... seriously wonder how i found the time to complete everything this does for me from my phone or tablet in my car. a real time saver!
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
not very useful. i find this app useless for what i need on the go. i want the balance in my checking account so i know how much money i have. i would like to create and edit a sales receipt and can't do that. i never use this but wish i could.
love it. they fixed the errors i was having. great app now.
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
great, clean app. although it's yet another expense for your business, it's well worth every cent. more of an investment for us and we use it for four different companies (yes four times the subscription fee). regardless, it will manage your company's finances as they should be. leaving you with less hassle and worries about your accounts and more time to focus on more important entrepreneurial things.
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
. tells me i have an update but will not give me the option to update and will not let me log on
. is this app for jewellers?
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
crashes on open. useful app until this update. it crashes on open, both on ipad and iphone. cannot do business this way...
easy to use!. love being able to take photos of receipts on the go!!
easy. i'm now able to send bids to potential clients easily.
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
greatest app ever. i love the “capture receipt” feature. makes life a whole lot easier.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
does what it says. works well. takes the place of an accountant, helps the small business man immensely. i believe i'm actually saving money compared to the cost of extra staff to do the same tasks.
. great app except one thing... why is intuit nickel and dimming us for tools and apps. i can understand pay extra for using the payroll feature in the actual program but paying for an app is stupid. if they made this app free i would be will to bet sales for software and online versions would increase more than enough to pay for the app development and running costs. other than that, great app.
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
love it. they fixed the errors i was having. great app now.
. it's good but could be better. limited functionalities on the mobile app.
doesn't sync. app doesn't sync with qb, banking features (adding expenses, vendors) also doesn't sync with online site.
user friendly. this app is super easy to use
. good app need less pricing for subscription
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
quickbooks. great app tool.
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
. they said in your invoice that you can cancel anytime and it's not true! it has a glitch and i couldn't cancel it. make me lost two days trying to cancel it and then even charge me the month and did not give back my money. they went from 17 dollars a month to 40 dollars per month! don't never quickbooks
. better and easier to control. good job and well done to your team. keep up the good work!
. please add support for whattsup business app
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. the new update just doesnt detect internet connection and hence cant login.
love it!. quick books merging your gmail contacts and being able to add and subtract expenses lays your invoices out really well and makes everything so easy! clients get all the information this way and it leaves them without surprises. because of the convenience it forces me and reminds me to enter all the information that i would otherwise forget to include.
conevenient but lacks features. overall, good for checking basic things on the go, as well as some other basic functions. it is far from fully featured though. quickbooks online sees constant updates with new features lately, so it’s probably just a matter of time before the app catches up a bit.
won’t load in ios 13. need an update. ios 13 crashes. won’t load.
great app. i personally find the app easier then the desktop version. everything is quick and easy to do. raise an invoice or estimate instantly and see your bank account balance. great.
. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:) 23092019 i wish to ask, wether you can remove the function which not allowed to screenshot ? it is very frustrated when i need to inform my customer how much they owe. please !!!
. disappointed...like horribly disappointed! this was supposed to make my life easier but instead i lost multiple hours either trying to figure the desktop version out to then trying the app and the tax rate were getting doubled...while chatting with help desk to be told that it would get fix a week after still didn't fix. uninstalled to try to start fresh to realize the price had gone up! chatted again with customer service to be told someone would contact me within 2 hours...still waiting!
. lovely app.
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
. good app
. this app really needs the ability to add delayed charge. how else is a user supposed to log billable time spent in the field?
very weak. i have been a quickbooks user for years but the app is just weak. employee transactions are not possible and reports are minimal. i consider these critical aspects of good accounting software and they almost do not exist in the app. i don’t need an app to write an invoice or figure out that someone owes me money. however, keeping track of my reporting to the government and paying employees is critical and these do not exist in the app.
great app really does work for my business. really easy to do my accounts and invoices.
. more nicer with the update but i still can't give my customers discounts, i wish it would let me make a negative quantity or rate while making and invoice.
. used it for a while. but went back to desktop premier. for the constructionrenovation business it didn't support job costing, change orders or progress invoicing.
. good app
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
app doesn’t get updated with the website!. this is most ridiculous app! it doesn’t get updated with the website! they charge you $40.00 per month with no resolution in the near future.
. problems sending invoices. update to customers from ipad doesn't always work. other issues. still a good app.
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
update broke. i cannot accept transactions. the only things accessible on the baking screens are back and trash. please fix otherwise it’s useless.
amazing. i haven't seen smart accounting software like this 👍🏼
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
app crashes ughhh. app crashes after you sign in. please fix!
gadirepair.com. really a great product at affordable price. smart solutions to all accounting problems.their support team is very responsive and coordinating. i am really impressed with their “reports” i was unable to assess my business stats the way it should be done, thanks to qb for making it so easy for us....👍 great productgreat team i highly recommend every businessman to use it, qb have made it so easy for us. thanks
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
jays. subscription
fantastic for when you’re on the move. this app has really helped me operate more efficiently from a mobile office. the ability to quickly and easily produce quotes and invoices from my ipad has been extremely useful. the app isn’t as fully featured as its desktop counterpart but it does enough to suit my needs, whilst i’m on the move. i’m running this app on a 10.5 ipad pro and it has been flawless.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
great for start up. the app works great! i can do nearly all of my bookkeeping from my phone. if i need more detailed i just use my laptop! the monthly subscription is nice too!
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
junk update = worthless app. since the latest update, my qb app shows an error saying that my session has expired immediately after i log in. i can't use it at all. pc access is okay.
. we just started our business, and have been pleasantly surprised with the ease of use, and the customer service has been even better.
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
response to the quickbooks online account app. i love quickbooks accountant online program; but i noticed that there are limits to the quickbooks accountant online app capabilities compared to what the downloadable online quickbooks accountant software program could do. otherwise, really happy with online quickbooks accountant program!!
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
ipad in the name?. really. can't use with mac? get out of apple app store. waste of time 😒😑
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
. not useful in india at all
"cool expenses feature allows upload of receipt  needs croppdf tool. one of the best parts of the app is the ""expenses"" feature, which allows you to enter all of the details of an expense on the go, including the expense account, how you paid (credit card, etc), and any memodescription of the transaction. i'd like to see the image upload function in expense allow for cropping, and even better, auto pdf conversion with cropping, like the camscanner app"
please fix me. ios 13 ijust upgrade cannot write items into invoices
custom invoices & estimates. this is a bad design
amazing. amazing app
receipt killer. using primarily to log receipts with snapshots and it's invaluable for that. no longer storing piles of receipts to head to the scanner. i can capture and log daily while drinking morning coffee.
. does not work for this guy.cant even link my bussiness account to it.worthless waste of money.i feel scamed
makes my life a lot easier.. i wouldn't reccomend to rely on your smart phone for all functions but for day to day activities it's great. it keeps you updated through out the day and avoids forgetting this later on.
. this is a good program. however when using the app i cannot edit saved customers address for different job addresses to do invoices quicker on job sites.
. i have contacted customer service several times for support issues with the appquickbooks online not syncing the transactions automatically. no one seems to have an answer on what's going on. each time i'm advised by a customer service represenative to remove and reconnect the bank account yet in doing so it still doesn't work.
. awesome book keeping app.
. it needs customizable products and services. it updates to often.
can’t attach existing photo with ios13. with ios 13 you cannot upload an existing photo to a new expense. when you select a photo, the app freezes and there’s no button to accept the photo.
all my financials in my pocket.. i use it everyday to keep up with invoices and payments. and i plan to use it internationally when we move overseas to keep my finger on the pulse of our transactions.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
. doesnt work on my acer tablet anymore
. overall is a very good app. the only issue that i have right now is that i can't print wallet checks on the online version.
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
". made by nonaccountants for nonaccountants? it's impossible to use it to answer an actual accounting question.  shows ""no activity"" under our landlord's vendor account making it useless to quickly see what if any payments we made."
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
love it. very simple you use and looks professional, only think i’d say is don’t let your trail run completely out before you buy because it won’t instantly be back up and running takes a few days
more than annoyed..... new update: 8916, still have to enter my password every time i open the app. touch id or app pin what is that??? 🤔 this is so annoying.... especially in front of customers!! tired of wasting my time. i've deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail. it appears you guys are never going to get it right....
rnm media and sound. it’s a great app and system. lovely to use and easy to get around. they must just add online reception and receiving of payments. this will make business much much easier.
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
". about the only thing this app does real well is it crashes all the time. some features of this app i can't even get to without it crashing. so all said i am able to look up customers but other then that it's useless. i try to use it on a samsung 10"" tablet"
. easier to send invoices via the app than it is on the computer. only flaw is i can't enter a negative number for discounts but that could just be my phone and not the app. overall i highly recommend it for anyone.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
employees?. i can access my payroll and employees online, but not on the app.. am i missing something?
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
. would be great if you could actually see activity on vendors or customers instead of just there profile. have had this app for 3 years now and has never fully synced only pulls up a quarter of the information that you see online.
. awesome program. i work in two different accounts in quickbooks. simplifies bookkeeping.
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
. this app does not work on my samsung galaxy note 8. after told to update, uninstalled and installed, nothing changed.
incredible. totally simplified my accounting.. i switched from sage to qbo and have not looked back. easy to setup and learn. can send invoices from my phone in seconds. i recommend it to everyone i know!!
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
". won't allow me to update ""company information"", so customer invoices and receipts show the wrong information displayed. not a way to run a business, only track p&l. disappointing."
. great app. however, there is room for improvement (i.e. it doesn't yet allow me to do everything i can do in a desktop.)
. some features only available through the desktop dashboard ...
lots of errors.. there are a lot of bugs with qbo, and my accountants have noted errors in the reports. apparently qb is aware but haven't resolved the issues. we have also had numerous glitches in the program  including not being able to log into our account (only being able to log into my accountant's page). this issue has been ongoing for over 18 months without resolution. overall qbo has great potential if it only worked properly.
awesome. amazing app perfect
few options for a businesses. quickbooks does it right but there are still many options missing. consignment sales for example. being the consignor or consignee
. very close to cancelling my subscription as app doesn't work. after adding 45 receipts i get an error message that my request cannot be added and i should call customer support. have tried reinstalling clearing cache signing out and nothing works permanently very frustrated
. so far very handy app for my small business needs
love it, but. i love the app, but different devices have different functions. some things i have to do on the laptop. the internet version will crash and i have to reload it. not sure if its my internet connection or not. it is helping me get more organized and ready for 041516, ugh!
scammers. i was charged for 4 months and couldn’t even use my account. they don’t care someone please develop something better! $60 a month for absolute trash.
. i run all aspects of my life from church to finance from the app
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
no way to record expenses. the app only let you see the info you have but won't let you record or register any expenses
good and useful. chamuka
. i'm getting an error code when i try to click on mileage trips and assign them business or personal. works on desktop but not in phone. other than that it's easy to assign categories for transactions and separate business from personal.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
awesome app. it's very user friendly and informative. i really like how easy it is to assign an expense category and the convenient display of the profit  loss feature.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
. many bugs, and any receipt photos are too low resolution to be readable.
most impressive business app i've used in a long time. i use qb online everyday and usually there is some functionality degradation from desktop to mobile. i have yet to find any crippling loss of functionality with this app. if you love the new qb online this app goes hand in hand with your onthego accounting needs. highly recommended.
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
stupid app. and never works right nightmare to login
. excellently great app
. good app but even just a few days in i can see areas the app needs improvement
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
. i'm new to quick books and this app, so far it is user friendly and relatively easy to use. easy to read.
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
app crashes on splash screen. on iphone 6s plus. this has been happening for so long and there is no action taken. i’ve tried uninstall and reinstall multiple times and nothing is working.
. love this app!
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
. on the android version i can't go back farther than 12 months to view invoices. also adding discounts are not easy, so there is a delay in sending invoices until i get to my computer.
. excellent including mobile app
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
tide business bank not supported :(. i'm rating this 1 star due to there being no support for setting a business account created via tide
. excellent app
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
. can't do payroll, can't edit a register, come on intuit, $600 a year and this is your app!
. easy and quick to use for estimates, invoices , receipts and keep track of expenses and income
. i am with digital account
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
just what i needed. i run a small contractor business doing remodel work. the mobile app has been a godsend. i can track all my estimates, invoices & expenses in one place. helps me track clients that are late payers too (which sometimes happens). i like it. 100% worth the subscription
employee. love quickbooks but really want to incorporate it into my service vehicles please make a employee version
. won't update....
convenient & helpful. as a new business owner and usually overwhelmed with just running the business, the app and website make the financial and tax side of the business easy to stay current and accurate. once i got the initial tax required and payroll payments set up, it's made my life easier.
not working after ios13 update. updated to apples latest software and this app stopped working
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
life saver. i would not know what to do without this app! yeah i would have to fight through receipts every month to balance month end report. with the app i just input the info when i make the purchase and it makes it so much easier. recommend the app 110%.
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
. eh. how do i unsubscribe for this
. i have been learning a lot about quick books. it's helpful to my company. i keep up on my invoice do date's, and spending.
downloading the app. downloading was easy
bmb. i cannot connect with my canadian credit union. have been using app for several months now. it is both good and bad. i love that i can take my work with me to record with my ipad, but would like to be able to transfer transactions from quickbooks online to quickbooks pro 2014.
loved it. its very useful app to track expenses and invoice.
it was barely ok to start with!. i had used quickbooks for several years and then went to the online version. i liked the features it had, but really didn’t like the 600.00 a year fee. for the most part it worked, but never all of the time. then when they raised the subscription price to 720.00 a year, that was it. i said good bye and found another program. no regrets!
ios 13 crash. an awful app that is made even less useful in ios13 because it just crashes straight after running.
mobile app works, but can be better. edit.. android works better now. i can see more info, but keep adding more features till it gets closer to the standalone program
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
terrible. glitchy. doesn't update new transactions. hard to navigate compared to desktop qbo app. honestly, intuit knows it can do better than this. they're just greedy.
my dependable business partner. over the years, as a small business owner, i have come to depend on quickbooks. initially that made me extremely nervous, but i have found that both the app and the online version have come to be dependable and it's very important partner in my business success. they have made the app even more intuitive. i recommend it!
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
. garbage. been with qbo for 4 years. app is impossible to use now more than ever
i love it!. works great! love the accessibility, i use the app to send invoices easily while i'm on the go and my clients can pay online, through the invoices i send them. definitely worth every penny!!
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
does not support multiple currencies. hope they can add multiple currencies soon. it's useless if you have a primary currency other than usd.
kiss. keep it simple stupid as they say, this app is brilliant, simple, easy to use a great for a small business that just wants everything in one app at their fingertips. well done team.
. this online version sucks .... been using qbooks since verizon 1 in dos this one has screwed more stuff up that is when it actually loads ... i don't recommend the online at all
disappointed. just dont think its up to the invoicing apps others are. need to be able to add pdf attachments from the app. others can.
. they did a great job on this app. it's easy to use and i'm able to do all of my invoicing on my phone or tablet.
muito bom, como sempre!. utilizo o qb desde sua versão em português, lançada pela eversystems, em 1995. sempre o recomendei e agora, após alguns anos afastado experimento nova versão muito melhorada e adaptada a tecnologia atual.
"getting there. qb online is a great service, but slightly glitchy. the app however just gives me an error message when i tap ""banking"". that's the most important feature!!!"
great app. i've started using quick books as i switched from kashflow it's much easier and has a great user interface.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
disappointed. i’ve been using the phone app for a year now. when the app works it is fine however it constantly freezes and my only option is to restart my phone. i have deleted and downloaded the app several times but it has not fixed the issues.
love it! makes my life easier.. qbo is a must have especially if you are a one man operation.
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
. update: no longer freezes but is now saving estimates and invoices multiple time and showing 70k extra in income from invoices and bank deposits which it's now not allowing us to match payments with invoices so our only current option is to delete all duplicate payments and have customers outstanding balances until this is fixed
. easy use for on the road estimates and invoices.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
quickbooks  issues and problems. i thought this may be reputable like the brand. boy am i surprised. can't even call to get proper support. they think that a 48 hours turnaround on a request is acceptable these days...for your important accounting software. give others a look first, this online version is lacking what the desktop has.
so easy to use. such a great platform to use. i can easily work remotely or at home and have no issues. as a finance professional i recommend quickbooks to anyone who is a non accountant
. easy to use. the only reason i did give it five stars was because you can't add custom fields to the customer data.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
. this is by far the worst app i have ever used words can not explane how usless this app really is do not i repeat do not wast your time with the garbage
love the app. it is amazing to see how well the app learn how to categorize expense! the design and ui are also amazing!
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
two factor log in broken. can't log in since the app was updated, it just crashes after i enter my login details
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 3 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank. the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
love it. customers are paying online. so much easier for my business. great app.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
overall good product. not having access to the entire online tools on the app makes for complicated tasks at times. the online browser does not run fluently with a safari browser so if i need anything beyond basics i need to get to a pc.
. great smb accounting software. use it for my company and have had no issues at all. customer support is responsive as well.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
app can’t find our data. we are days into this app not being able to access our data: accounting, banking, billing. access is only available through certain browsers on a laptopdesktop. the support team is friendly and wished me luck.
. makes life easier
. it is a great app but there are some days like today when i cannot open the app on my phone and keep saying i should restart it. i really needed to send some invoices today but i couldn't.
very unstable!. downloaded the new version but the app consistently crashes just after login. real shoddy development and testing by intuit.
love this app!!. could run our company without it!!
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
can’t create pos in app. wish i could create pos in the app. we use qb online with shopify. i can only create a po to send to my distributor from my desktop. i am often away from my desktop, in order to send a p.o. from my phone i have to log on to the regular online edition through safari. i cannot use the app as i need it to function.
. works we so far. just started using it. i like that i can create and send invoices from my phone.
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
does not update. i post payments and the sustem still shows full amount due. also will not log in from phone after dozen attempts and entering codes from qb
. great app, very ready to track income and expenses. making and tracking invoices is so easy even easier then on the computer, reports and everything is really easy to access and track.
just too expensive.... i run a small business and can't afford the monthly dues of qbo. hoping they come up with a more competitive product at some point...
. so far total garbage app. i connected my app to my qb online account. i opened the app. snapped 3 receipts. camera worked well isolating the receipts. after that totally useless. despite a new tab appearing in my banking section online i cannot find the receipt copies in either the app or online. i really needed one to return a product. qb cs of no help.
best business app. quickbooks has definitely made running my business much more efficient and has made it easier to close on deals. the estimate tool makes it easy to send professional looking estimates to clients, and with a click, those estimates turn into invoices. you can receive payments through quickbooks as well. add the payroll service and you can run the whole business yourself. i would definitely recommend this to any new business start up.
. not bad unable to upload historical data really hurts this app.
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
mr dak kanani. very good app
missing a major key demographic.. although a good application, there are some things missing  like the ability to do business income taxes for t2 (corporations). this feature should be able to send those docs to cra in a format that ready to go. especially when small business corporations are being targeted in the media. help make this easier  there's no reason this feature should not be incorporated into the software.
subscription errors. nothing but problems since january. i switched from the download to the app so i could do it at home and it's been nothing but problems, and not even the same ones!!! i have 2 companies, it's june, and i'm still trying to get this straightened out to input this years data.
qb online is awesome. i was using qb the software was yrs. i changed over to online do to ease of everything. it's great everything syncs up after easy setup. love it
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
beware price increases.. i love the functionality, but i've had two price increases since becoming a subscriber to the online service. the entire point of a subscription model is so that the company has a sustained income in order to continue developing and my costs stay fixed every month. this isn't acceptable so i'll be looking for other solutions soon.
so far so good!. this app has come in very handy!
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
not even close to online or desktop versions. at the cost of not wanting to hire a secretary my consultant had me switch to online version from desktop, it sucks! used to update q.b. desktop every 3 yrs (when forced to) for $150 and now pay around $400 a year for less function. the direct qb online site is better from my mobile device than the actual app. the options between app and website dont function the same. terrible!
prestige. this app is awesome! i work on my books as well as my clients. i'm surprise that i can do all from my phone! mrs. jordan
crashing after ios 13 update. after ios 13. i can not log into my quickbooks app please fix this asap
zero stars new version is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
. great application, very usefull and make book keeping work easier
new to quickbooks. i decided to switch my established business from square to quickbooks and so far i have no complaints. it’s fairly easy to use. the only thing i’m currently waiting on is for my transactions to clear and be deposited which takes about a week since i’m new. should be a breeze after that.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
awesome app!. this is a smooth and seamless app that allows me to access all of my company needs wherever i am. invoicing in particular is easy, efficient, and professional!
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
limited. not much functionality compared with the desktop app, frustrating. unable to access banking or create bills. desktop app is terrible, every time i pay a bill and send an email payment notification i have to delete the words “thanks for your business!” as if i want to thank my suppliers for their business...
great accounting software. after using qb software for many years, i switched to qb online as a happy customer. i advise qb online especially if you are in wholesale trading.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. 1. kicking out of the app very often. 2. not able to email multiple invoices at one time. 3. limited search capabilities. cant search notes and description. :(
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
. it will not show proper reports when there is multiples companies in a login (this problem is only on my android phone)
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
great app. quickbooks online allows me to work from home easily. i have only had some minor hiccups but nothing to give it a bad review. very pleased with the software.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
changes are not good. unable to email with attachments. the older app will not work.
great app. what a great app and ease of access across all platforms.
description is misleading. there is no way to enter or see expenses in this app and of course no way to attach receipt pictures to these expenses. you can enter expenses using computer and attach picture of receipt there, but not in this app. if you need a plug in to do that, why not to say so? or just remove missing components from description.
not so good. it keeps hanging up with an error message not connected to the internet. not very useful for business.
great app. deffinetly brings organazion to our bookkeeping. love the update.
. ok app email invoice doesn't work version 3.8 been unable to send invoices via email for over a week now.
issue. man it tells me it’s not supported even tho it updates keep saying the same message
excellent app. easy to use. makes record keeping on the go a snap.
feedback. the app would be better if you were able to enter bills not just expenses. very annoying to have to also use my desktop computer to finish my book work.
. quick books and intuit do not support you or your business if you get scammed. warning do not use this app for credit card transactions. you get screwed. screwed me out of almost $500
. great app very useful
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
app crashes on ios13.0 & 13.1. i’ve just updated the app and it’s still crashing on ios13.0 and also 13.1. i have tried to make contact with the developers via the support page but it also loads to blank pages after opening chat.
small business accounting. as an it consultant for luk solutions... your computer service specialist... this is the perfect app for me. it helps me to see everything whilst on the go. i highly recommend it for any small business person. it is not as robust as the desktop model, but does mostly all you need in a bind whilst out of office.
problem. please update the quick book we are not able use from india..
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
"good app. quickbooks is just about perfect for my small business, one addition i would like is to be able to easily see a ""spend per customer"" button so i can easily add up the amount any repeat customer spend per yearmonth."
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
. does every thing i need it to do, and i can do it on my phone. so easy to navigate. wouldn't want to run my business without it.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
. sales orders need sales orders! those are our work orders. please add sales orders 43013 still incomplete without sales orders. we are a service based company and sales orders our are work orders. need this addition please. thank you, white pines electric inc.************************************* 91713 still no sales orders! still no sales orders! *************************************************1142014
awesome. the app provides an excellent opportunity to update all expenditures to find out exactly what's in my bank account anywhere i have signal for my phone.
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
. user friendly
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right. update 020219; still has constant logout problems after all these years. would give 0 stars if i could.
is an average app. is a good app but with all these update is confusing my customers and sometimes they can't pay online. i can't access it from my phone. it's in and off so be warned!!
superbe app!. je suis travailleur autonome. qbook me facilite la tâche (pour ma part, la comptabilité est un fardeau) dans le fait de garder un œil sur les chiffres de mon entreprise . je la recommande hautement! seul conseil: faites vous assister dès le début afin de configurer le plan comptable ; y mettre les chiffres exacts dès le depart. vous en serez ravis!
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
this is useless for invoicing. useless: on the product list it only shows first two words and the ..... i have multiple variations in same item. i can’t search product with sku, when i search by name it only shows first two words and then dots. i cant add the exact product on invoice. so its useless.
smooth app. love it and would never switch.
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
. has potential but hasn't let me update any transactions since day one. tells me to try back in a few hours. not the best way to run a business budget. update: it's been a week and still broken. performed all the suggestions in the response article. update 2: yeah did email them like you asked. still waiting for a reply...
nice app... i love it.... it helps me keep track of all my company needs... don't have to pay anyone else for what i can do myself... definitely recommend
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
having issues help. keep saying to restart app and i even master reset my phone for nothing. need help. very helpful when it worked
. if we can check stock from the apps, that would be better. please consider so i can use it just with my mobile to check everything.
. wouldn't be able to run my company with put this service. just done know why i lost my deal on my monthly payment. it was supposed to be $7.99 a month.
. very hard to work with didn't match up with my phone or my tablet.
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
qb. it would be 5 but i use it on several devices doesn't sync well phone app need more functilnality
so much effort!!. downloaded this to try and make my life easier but setting it up is so much hassle!! can't add my bank account for some reason though i believe i'm typing the right details in  zero replies to my emails for help and whenever i've called for help i end up speaking to someone who obviously has no clue about the app for 30 mins  why is it so difficult?! don't bother.
great way to get my money in and estimates out.. really happy quickbooks enables me to work anywhere creating on the spot estimates and invoices making my cash flow work better for me. great app
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
great program. i use this for my landscaping and it has been better every year
overall but problems. overall works well for small business. a lot of problems with checking account and credit card connections. one i am still going to have to sort through to make sure transactions weren't missed, as it only loads back 90 days. and you get no notification if an account suddenly disconnects. its a mess but customer service is good and they work with you well.
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
really helpful. i now send me my invoice as soon as i finish my job and get paid immediately.
good but. it would be great if you could take a photo of a receipt instead of having to scan and save to a location on the phone
. downloaded this app 3 times and still close as soon as it opens. hard to use in the field if i can not get in.
jamie clarkson. makes running my construction company easier than ever before. don’t know how we ever managed without it.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
missing deductions!!. the main reason i’d want to use the app is unfortunately not available in france photographing any expense receipts i have and immediately entering in deductions when i make purchases. until this part of the app isn’t migrated over to the french version, the app is almost totally worthless to me. so bummed. however 3 stars because the app runs smoothly in what it does, even if you can really only enter sales and receive payments.
. great app!!!
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
limited. desktop app for mac is brutal slow. mobile apps ok but limited graphic reports
quick books. the best app ever, easy to use, never had an issue that could not be easily resolved. i run 2 nyc businesses and mostly on the run.
. great service especially for a company on the go or starting up. would be better if it was optimized for the galaxy tab s4 . since it constantly crashes on it...
. need to pay to use the app? why not directly put the price instead of stating it a free app?
effective app for accounting.. yes.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
. perfect in the website version. but in the mobile version when we want to find the product cannot search by sku very inconvenient.
welshman. love it. simple for me to send estimates & invoices from the field.
. i don't know how to express or show and i am not going back and back or round like a clock. wise, but i only know 1+1% i am still in? so i am going to use quickbooks account. and thanks again. i'm happy for every thing.
reduced feature set. previous version:the feature set of the web based app is not matched. (previous mentioned currency and time records). update: removed a lot of preexisting functionality and did not add any missing functions. much worse than before. cannot find a list of invoices due to a supplier. clicking on a particular supplier brings up only the address particulars.
. great app! i use this to manage my small business information.
. i've just started using qb and i'm very impressed. i was using xero and truelly,it has been horrendous. qb all the way. so user friendly.
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!! oh, and the link for support is dead... come on folks, gimme a chance here!!"
. great app
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
. can not change company name it auto put in my email and then the cord company after so is no good to me
. love being able to work in quickbooks from my phone! one of the best features is being able to take a picture of your receipt and attach it to your expenses right from your phone. makes your bookkeeping incredibly easy! wonderful customer service, love the payroll, too many good things to say about this app.!
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
. this app is terrible. they keep increasing the price but the quality doesn't change. i have to go on the desktop to attach pdf files. i use to be able to attach pdf files from the app but not anymore. each upgrade gets worse and the price keeps going up. still they keep asking for my feedback. it's the same. once i find the time to switch in done with quickbooks.
. for the entrepreneur on the go, this app is fantastic. i post my expenses with photos of receipts and create invoices from the car! terrific.
. login worked no problem this version. previously could never login.
. my wife has this app and it works well for her business. i got this app based on her recommendation but unfortunately it has been full of technical difficulties. several hours wasted on talking to tech support and was told the tech team might resolve issues in a week. all details of my invoices are erased and wrong dates are shown on all invoices amongst other problems. wish they could solve this faster, has been very stressful experience so far for me.
. great. great app. makes life easier.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
touch id and pin not working. i down loaded the update; the update was suppose to help improve touch id and the pin. however, now bone of them work and i have to sign in every time. i tried it on my iphone and ipad neither work. disappointing
it gets even easier. i was horrified when i heard tax going digital but quickly got the hang of quick books and amazed it even tries to match things . brilliant
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
app doesn't work. since updating this a couple of days ago, can't open the app at all. please sort!
love this app. great app would recommend to everyone.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
. the app has been very glitchy lately, and i haven't been able to sign in for the past week. most of my business is on the road. its becoming very inconvenient.
great. this app helps my small business tremendously. very easy to navigate, enter and retrieve data. very affordable.
quickbooks online. 80% of business can be done from smartphone including invoicing and expenses.
just ok. your misleading us when you say i can run my entire business from my phone. try opening an invoice with an employees time added. i also cannot enter time or a vendor bill
user friendly. this app is so nice when i am out and about getting good items for our business i can input them right then and there. i don't have to come home a do it, sometimes i forget then i get unorganized and have missing receipts that i later find. i love this app.
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
. app isn't working. i keep getting an error message while it's loading.
. love this app
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
good, but too limited.. as others have posted, this app would be infinitely more useful if it had more of the functionality of the desktop browser based system. being mobile means i can't do many if the things i'd like to.
easy and userfriendly always available. i've only worked with quickbooks desktop version. so far i have been using this for a week it allows me to do invoices on the fly. and i can check my staff input at any time, very handy would recommend to anyone. especially small business!
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
. so far keeps my books together and have no problems with using it!
mileage tracking not working. the app works well except for mileage tracking
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
a real time saver. as a busy professional, this app helps keep my accounting up to date on the fly. the app is extremely easy to use and updates instantly to my online version of quickbooks. well worth it!
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
unable to signin🙅. moto g turbo : error says i don't have online subscription,reported via email, no response😡
aka labels. great app. highly recommended
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
it's ok but don't get the most basic package. it's a vast improvement on another app i tried but the most basic pack makes me want more, upgrading now if i can so recommend you start with a higher grade package rather than the cheapest.
. love my quickbooks app!
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
loved the app until banking disappeared. i mainly use my computer to do most of our accounting but loved having the app so i could accept banking transactions during short periods of downtime thereby keeping our bank balance up to date all the time. then today i went to catch up on accepting transactions and banking has totally disappeared from the menu. help! what happened? i deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail.
best accountant i’ve used.. seriously helped me narrow down how many hats my small business required me to wear. wish i done it sooner.
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
. good software
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
it's not working. it's not working in india for aondrid os .. useless app
user friendly. it's user friendly and i can access everything i need wherever i have internet access.
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
. this app is not working with samsung note 9
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
. no unit field in invoice or estimation. makes it impractical in real life transactions.
. worst customer service ever! they blocked my customer payment and i couldn't get any answer after two weeks and nobody is responsible.
. was using quick books online on laptop and it was fantastic, now since have to be on the move, am using on my android phone to generate invoices and it amazing experience, just dont need laptop anymore. great stuff. recommend to all smes
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
won't let us start a new tax rate. the best app will not allow us to start collecting taxes. every time we initiate the tax rate and try to save it it simply says it cant perform that function please go to settings and let us know. it's ridiculous that a book keeping app as large as qb's is that such remedial tasks are often frustrating.
. michael amazing app works flawlessl!!!!
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
. i was not aware that you needed their main subscription of $25 per month to access this extra monthly charge. also i am still being charged my one month payment for thinking i could use this on my andeoid only and signing up. not impressed for a co.pany i worked with their software for years. now like microsoft, it's a money grab with subscriptions. sad. loved them for years.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments. would be nice if inventory feature wasn't additional cost
great for my employers. i'm an office manager at two companies, and i've been able to save my employers, field technicians, and office staff time, money, and paper with qbo. thanks intuit!
app problems. app keeps crashing haven’t been able to create invoices for days
good for on the go. good for on the o, definitely not the same as on the desktop, but pretty good app for most things you need to do quickly
time entry. i would really use this app if time entry was part of it. that would be something i could really use on the road.
new update has me locked out. automatic update to my software today. now i can access my account. fix it now! i am paying way too much to not be able to access my account!
amazing. great app and really easy to use. no need to wait to be at the office to do any transaction, all done easy and simple right on the spot!!!!!!!
owner. love the program i am having problems inputing my desktop customers and previous business information. called the help desk and still waiting forba fix
not ipad friendly. although the web based system works pretty well from a desktop or laptop it is very unfriendly on the ipad.
. very helpful love this app for all my business needs
. great app. could do with some improvements which i'm sure will happen. my biggest problem is you can't update your banking transactions through the app, you have to use the website. if you click refresh, nothing ever happens. it's annoying to have to go to the website.
doesn't work. app crashes on load and while logging in. pretty useless so far. :(
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
add more countries. i really love this app but my country, ghana is not part of the selected countries please kindly add it.
buggy. crashes all the time. always bugging to buy things. bad. uninstalled
life saver. apart from the fact i have to input my password every time, this app is a great compliment to the version i use on my laptop. so easy to use, can invoice on the spot. very happy.
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
". what app is it .. ""unable to sign up"" over and over again,"
. love being able to work in quickbooks from my phone! one of the best features is being able to take a picture of your receipt and attach it to your expenses right from your phone. makes your bookkeeping incredibly easy! wonderful customer service, love the payroll, too many good things to say about this app.!
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
register showing wrong date. the register still shows the wrong dates. if i process a transaction on a tuesday, the register will show the transaction was processed on monday. when i click into the transaction, the correct date is reflected, but it still very annoying.
does what it says!. i'm a new business start up and this has been a great tool, in my opinion well worth the money.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) then hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. not working on tablet either. please fix asap.
great app. works great for customer signature!
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
. always problems connecting to my bank tsb in the uk. and i'm paying for this service... there's potential for it to be a great app though if it worked.
great functionality!. i have been a qb desktop user for many years. the new online version is really simple. i am still working to find the pieces i know in the desktop version, but all the basics are there. found some good you tube videos to help me learn. love the connection to my banking.
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
. not sure if this was resolved but in reviewing past expenses and invoices, it looks like 85% have disappeared. if i entered more than 1 expense on a single day, it kept 1. some days i entered 56 receipts if not more and now i'm redoing them all. switched to a bookkeeper this year so haven't used the app in 6+ months.
easy and quick. love being able to enter transactions on the go via mobile, and then run reports and do analysis on the laptop back home
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
labor cost. the software has all the infrastructure for tracking labor cost to individual customers. why can’t intuit enable it so the cost can be applied from weekly timesheets to the job cost of individual customers?
. simple and very efficient! send invoices ..receipts taxes. everything in one place! love it!
emailing payment receipt. via the phone app when i email a payment receipt it opens my email app with texts as opposed to sending the pdf payment receipt as it use to do prior to the last 3 updates. this was confirmed by one of the staff from intuit.
quits randomly. when i am on my tablet the program will just randomly quit working and no of my work will be saved. it has been doing this for a few months
. easy to use & productive... few features of the webpage version are not available on the app such as print or downloading packing slip, can't prepare a purchase order, etc. but overall, the app is helpful. thanks.
ok, room for improvement. quickbooks needs to build in a way to enter time via mobile devices. why have an app for quickbooks for mobile devices if you cannot enter your time in on the fly?
. worst app ever
almost perfect. widgets aren't very flexible. i'd love a 1x1 for create customer, which then goes on to create invoice from that new entry. also would love a widget that shoes at a glance the total money i'm owed. other than this it's flawless.
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
simply doesn't work. my companies all use qb online. i access it via browser almost daily. this app routes me to an advertisement to switch to qb online, even if i use the admin credentials. i'll assume it's something with all of my accounts and not a shameless advertising plug.
just so good!. i've used quickbooks desktop version for years, and each revision it got better. now i'm on quickbooks online, it just superb! love it!
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
. effectively useless. crashes after tapping on anything
quickbooks. awesome app.
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
awful. doesn't work.. logs me out instantly every time i sign in... wish i could evaluate more. love the online version, but this app is struggling.
. this app makes my business more efficient!
fee increase is a bad deal. fees increased but same services rendered. otherwise it’s a decent app. i’m disappointed that they get people to invest all there invoices and history in app and program then up the fees in them nearly double. can’t trust a company that does that to ya.
limited. for alot of the functionality of qbo you need to use the web app anyway so i would not bother with this app.
. using it for years no problems
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
pro advisor. the training videos and exam are not opening on my ipad. apparently doesn’t work with safari. i have tried everything possible in my settings.
mostly great!. at the moment qb's mobile won't work. some kind of trouble with company data downloading. hopefully fixed soon.. otherwise good and handy app.
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
almost useless. the app is good for sending invoices only. don't expect to be able to do any other business on the app. the mobile site is about as good as healthcare.gov. you can look at some things but forget everything else. again good for sending invoices only. i expected more from a established company.
game changer. changed the way i handle my business transactions. from a simple to complex my invoices and estimates are presentable, traceable and accounted for. my reports help me secure loans in a flash. and my accountant loves me.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
way too limited. the app for the ipad is too basic. i can create an invoice and email or print but if i need to print an existing invoice there is no option to do this. after receiving payments there is no way to deposit them to my bank. i can't believe that qb would release an app before testing it. i am hoping that there will be an upgrade soon to make it functional. disappointed!
. ease of use. ability to send professional estimatesinvoices from anywhere. the ability to load price list makes creating estimates and invoices easy.
getting there.... the lack of ability to create bank deposits is vexing. also, would be nice to work with downloaded transactions. works with mint, why not qbo app?
not working properly after update. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. why did you replace the pin with passcode? i don’t want to log into my iphone, ever. all i need secured is my qb app and the pin worked just fine for that. with this update i can login successfully once every 2030 attempts. intuit, test your updates before you release them!!!
so far so good.. love the app. i think it's great any time i can give an estimate, invoice on the road. thanks.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
. when will you make a self employed app to go along with your web pages. this app doesn't recognize my self employed account.
quickbooks saves me time & money. this app has streamlined my business as i am always on the go. its easy, efficient and powerful!
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
need improvement. it needs improvements so dont download untill it has updated
. quickbooks app is the easiest invoicing app i have ever used.
very convenient. nice format for creating estimates and invoicing. although, it is frustrating having the keyboard cover the un scrollable typing field on note 4. you must continuously press the back button to view the text.................i just realized i'm having the same issue typing this review. could be the note 4. hmmmmm
. app is not opening. i have so much data in it please fix the issue
love this app!. i actually find this easier to use than the desktop version.
need packing slip option. add the option to send packing slips from the mobile app
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
. great app
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
app is pants. the app was working perfectly until ios10! now opens for .5 second and crashs! how do i run my business accounts on the go!!!! fix needed today!!!
great app. this app has been a big help. flawless!!!!
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
. app is pretty much useless. pointless to have an app when i have to enter my transactions on a desktop anyway. i want general journal entries in the app (or ya know, a better way to enter my daily sales info) or my damn money back!
great app.. great app
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
needs a lot of work. very disappointing they removed card payment facility, only reason i went with quickbooks over xero. also don't try and do anything within app or your accounts will get into a right mess (things like match a payment or transfer) you will end up with duplicate transactions that can only be deleted by logging into web client. upsetting the company that all those years ago changed the industry (and took on sage) have failed so badly.
great accounting. allows me to manage everything onthego. powerful software for small and medium size business.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
ios 13 crash. an awful app that is made even less useful in ios13 because it just crashes straight after running.
quick books great program. except logging in is bit harder and not clear.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
. newest update (android nougat, galaxy s7) when creating an invoice or estimate, upon saving it just hangs. because it hangs, you try to back out. when trying to back out it asks if you want to save changes, you can select no, only to discover that your ten attempts to save did in fact create ten invoices. specifically the component that should after a save, take you out of invoice editing to look at the invoice is not operating correctly.
. perfect, paperless invoices and perfect for on the go businesses.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
"disappointing. if you also make ""mint"", why make your subscription service app so much worse? mint is great. this app is not."
can't live without it. the app is super handy for viewing business info on the go. i'd love it more if there were a few more reports.
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
some good points. some frustrating points too. stop logging me out for one. taken a while to get my head around it, invoicing seems to be quite easy now. i'm not impressed that i can't do my payroll from this app, that's frustrating.
. this app has made tracking my expenses a breeze , now i don't have a big pile of receipts because i enter everything as i go
as a cpa, i think qboa is by far the best of the big three. it's better organised then myob and xero and accepts wpns which neither xero or myob will. the fact that it's half their price makes it an absolute winner
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
. i've been using this for my business for 5 years. i love it because i csn do it on my phone through the app and desktop! it is also easy to collect and sibmitt all my tax info at tax time. works for me, easy to learn, and reliable.
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
slow.. not was easy as before. not much function as before. some new function was not useful
easy to use, instrumental to my business. keep it glitch free please
satvinder. tear 2 help desk software support
broken. can’t save any new invoice sales receipt... ipad pro iphone xs max nothing works
love quickbooks. we have a small business and quickbooks is so simple and straightforward to use, it saves us so much time, and i can write and send invoices straight from my phone! love it.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
. we still can't check bank account balances. tons of missing features.
like the app. just hope it would be easier to use need better access to my custumers invoice and estimates
good except.... you can't *properly* enter expenses in the app. expenses cannot be linked to the costs you've already set up, like price per mile for travel, but instead only entered as final price.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix!
very good. one of the best way to do estimate and invoices highly recommended
. pretty good app. lots of features like asset register need to be accessed through desktop. ocr not available for receipts on this version
disappointed.. as a qbo subscriber, i thought i could get basic financial reports like monthly profit and loss... not so. i'm not sure the app is of use to me at all.
. great app to have if you starting your own business, you need to have this app. you can keep track through laptop, tablet and phone. you can make it as simple as you like or as detailed you want to be! awesome!
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
crashes on large invoice. works fine until you get a large invoice and then it slows down and or crashes
an excellent tool for my onsite work!. for several years, i've used this app to instantly create invoices right at completion of the task. it never has let me down, and i walk out with payment!
. why this app is not in french ???
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
. superb app
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
great app and fair prices. i do all my business through quick books and have had no major problems. the rates on credit transactions are equivalent to any other clearing house and at $30 a month to automate my process is a life saver. great simple to read reports too.
. je ne sais pas je connais pas encor
. stan f. would be great if it has signature capture so that a customer can sign the invoice or receipt. the ipad version has the signature capture feature but quickbooks wants 12.99 per month just to be able to use the ipad app and other 27.00 per month for the online essentials account. thats 480.00 per year just to be able to get a signature capture feature that is only available for the ipad version. quickbooks too primitive
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
. the app is very good, keep improving to give us the latest version
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
useless out in the field can't work off line. useless out in the field can't work off line and constantly wants you to refresh data. does not support star portable printers. waist of space on cell phone gave it a second try useless creating a invoice have to use search window to find items. had to go use desktop instead of my ipad pro because would of took all night to do a invoice.
mostly simple app. mostly simple app. only issue is posting payments to invoice within app but online no problem.
missing time activities feature. this app is pretty good for the most part, however, it is missing the time activities feature like on the browser based software. please add this feature!!
keeps crashing. for the most part, the apps work pretty well. however, for whatever reason the app on my iphone crashes every time i login the first time. it gives me an error saying critical error please sign out. most the time when i sign back it, it’s ok after that. but usually requires restarting the app.
complement to quickbooks online. this app is a complement to quickbooks online. this apple really work good for making estimates sending invoices and much more. i wish gopayment and quickbooks online were integrated or as one. other than that, great app.
very good and getting better!. qbo has been a great addition to our company and has many great features over qb desktop. there are some bugs to work out but i'm very happy so far with the online application.
". the app hasn't gone far, sorting a report won't change for ""this financial year to date"" u can select another option but revets back again. .. has so much potential.."
. love that i can create invoices and estimates on the go. although i would like to manage payroll wirelessly.
easy. it could be a little bit easy to use.... invoices could be customized to add options like hours....
no longer works on ipad. this app is no longer functioning as of the most recent update. it used to work on the ipad. the camera feature is difficult to use when trying to take a picture of receipt. it doesn't allow me to record payments any longer. please fix.
great for consulting.. works great to invoice customers while on site.
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
doesn’t always work. says it can’t show details on invoices. annoying.
keeping it together. love this app it really helps me keep my books in order.
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
great applimited function. it is a great app. wish it had full functionality. payroll within the app. not a extra app. that only works. if you want ituit to handle everything. need to work like accessing from desktop. writing checks should also be there. plus running reports. but it is a great app. with limited function. has gotten better. just wish it was getting there faster.
. keeps logging me out otherwise really nice app
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
"awesome app. used quickbooks for a number of years professionally and this app gives my clients awesome flexibility to do ""do"" their bookkeeping on the move. i recommend it to all my clients."
my company has grown with quickbooks. i logged in my first invoice in quickbooks the summer of 2001 when i started my first business. over the years, i have not used any other software other than.
too many error messages. for what you pay for a quickbooks online account, this app for ipad and iphone is really disappointing. i get an error message almost every single time i try and enter a new transaction. sometimes it works despite the error message, sometimes it doesn't. but i get the error every time. i can't even access the banking functions as i get an error message and nothing will load. the only function that seems to work properly is the reports section.
excellent program. i am so impressed with this new app, it is very easy to use and very helpful for my construction business. i don't even have to go to the office to make an invoice i can do it right in my truck on my phone and send it. i can check on expenses... it's a breeze and worth the time to get to know this app and online program.
quickbooks online. the app can be frustrating at times to use, not enough flexibility. can't make up its mind wether to ask me to sign in or use finger print login. need option to control where deposits go.
. the app format doesn't reflect the desktop format menu  confusing for the user. also, the sales  invoice page is different to desktop, with not the same information when shown side by side. the app needs a bitbof work.
. simple to use and very powerful if you spend the time setting it up properly
cogs. i need to be able to track inventory and cost of goods on my ipad like right now, please
“critical updates”. face id does not work. every time i try it tells me there are critical updates and i need to log in again. there are no updates, and it tells me this every single time.
good app. haven't had a problem with this app.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
bad user interface. the service doesn’t fully integrate with mobil usage. paying for the payroll service and can’t even use it. garbage, waste of money.
. qbo much improved over original launch product, and tge app has brought qbo up.to date. i love the ability to upload receipts tgat immediately sync with qbo and match to vendorsexpenses. qbos ability to have multiple ysrs working simultaneously is huge . realtime collaboration with my bookkeeper and accountant is now easy. no more thirdparty file sharing apps and concerns about version control. with the app i can now monitor financials on the fly. highly recommend!
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
. this app has one major flaw in my view. my bank transactions do not update unless i go through the website and update it there. this is probably the only reason i have this app. this is very annoying and i have contacted quickbooks about this issue and they are not helpful. they tell me to go to the website and update it there! would be a great app if they fix this issue.
it's great!. love how i can operate on the go with this app. quick and easy
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
great app. great app that does all it promises to do. so handy for getting out quotes when away from the office.
intuit quickbooks. software
"immediate session time out. immediately logs me out due to ""session time out"", rendering the app completely useless. 😒"
. great app
. awesome intuit continues to improve the app. i feel like i get more for my money.
so many glitches. this program glitches at least once a month. today it is telling me we don't have an account. so frustrating. it's great when it works, but it should always work.
great. perfect app for my business accounts on d go
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
unreliable.. great when it works right; frustrating when it doesn't. older data from desktop version seems to be corrupted in mobile version. when it becomes stable and reliable, it will be nice asset. at the moment, however, it's annoying too frequently.
. great app. takes a bit of getting used to, but once you are it's really easy
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
errors galore and inability to log into client accounts. i’m so disappointed with this app. as an accountant it would be handy to log into client accounts and check figures or enter small changes, but more often than not, i receive an error message and cannot log in. the issue renders this app completely useless.
great app. very helpful, only complaint is, i would like more features like the desktop version. i would like to be able to get into my online version and accept register transactions, look at taxes that are owed, stuff like that. but over all a huge time saver. and has gotten me out of some tight spots. thank you
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
don't update!!!!. if you are using the current version of quickbooks online for your ipad 2, don't update. it will lock you out. then you will have hours of dealing with the horrible customer no service that intuit provide for this mess of a product.
owner. great app
. can do a lot quickly. like most apps doesn't allow you to do everything you can do on full site. great for adding invoices on the go.
worst customer support ever. worst customer support in history. using their software and need cs is the best ticket to drive you out of business.
love it, i use it everyday for my business. qbo has helped my business grow buy looking professional, keeping up with invoices, and giving easy ways for the customer to pay.
expensebill data missing in app. expense and bill data is not available in the iphone app while accessible online. what is the meaning of the app when i can't see any of my vendor bills or company expenses. development team???
. i couldn't connect my bank account to even try the application. despite all the reviews i read about the connection issue, i tried anyway. my stupid mistake and i paid for the first month...ugh. you have to do way more work to get the refund than it takes for them to take your money. i'm sure it would have been helpful, if it worked properly. qbo, you guys really need to fix that
. love how easy it is to reconcile and snap pics of receipts!
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
. app won't download sticks at 64% :
. a great awesome business app lets you control your finances and send off invoices
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. update... application remains impossible to use on both ios and android devices. invoice matching for banking transactions is painful particularly when there are many invoices to match to a single banking transaction and application seems to refresh in the background which causes matches to be lost before completing. not worth installing till these issues are fixed meaning web based invoice matching is the only option... have wasted hours of my time on both ios and android based applications...
happy and safe. at last. an easy to use app that work well for fast quoting and invoicing while on the go. my b2b clients are very impressed on how fast my quotesinvoices come in. it's a great selling point to my business.
crashing at start up with ios 13. love this app but it crashes with ios 13 :( please fix
mobile app. not happy. i am on the phone with support everyday. won't print on app or on chrome. they don't know what to do. this mobile is worthless to me. i don't have time for this!
. very user friendly and professional. huge asset to my small business.
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
". i scanned several receipts and submitted them through the app. they were confirmed by the app as ""added"". half of them are now missing with no explanation of where they went. those receipts were already disposed of. completely unacceptable."
very nice app. very easy to use and make my all estimates and invoices very smooth and keep the updates very soon
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
error. the app is not letting me sign in! it keeps saying error!
quickbooks online. an easy to use system to keep track of your business accounts whilst on the move or on the couch at the end a hard day. works we'll on pc or ipad. very happy so far. looking forward to future upgrades etc.
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
. quickbooks does not work. it's a terrible program with a zero customer support. the problems i have are very basic and i'm certain others experience the same problems yet they are never resolved. i can't attach screenshots and i don't have the patience to enter all the problems experienced but i hate quickbooks and it's a shame that have such a grip on the industry because i would dump them with a smile immediately if i could
great apps. like it!
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
rubbish. doesn't work. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. deleted. no support from customer service
easy and super user friendly. first time user of this type of app but it was easy to set up. sent out my first invoice after 1hr already.
multiple selection?. hey is it possible to do multiple when using this app on iphone like it’s possible when using my ipad. if not can you make it possible.
. i am a quckbooks junky, but i have to agree with the comments. this app needs to link to quickbooks. it is useless. i love everything else qb does. i've used them for over 11 years. i really can't praise this company enough. super excited about the app for integrating affinity live!!!! just synced it.
love it. ian finally able to track my expenditures and income totally on the go. no more playing catch up! love that i have receipt images and that i can make notes that will refresh my memory on the exact thing i bought. just getting to putting my logo on invoices... i know that there is a lot mor that i can do with this program i am very much a beginner love what it does so far!!!!
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
i can no longer log in. everytime i enter user name and password and press enterlogin, the password field goes blank and i get a message saying login failed.
love it. love the app, really intuitive!!! and great customer service!!!
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
hall. reunion treasurer's job made instantly easier and more efficient!
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
awful app  doesn’t fully sync with online data. i keep getting notifications about a 6 month overdue invoice, which i used for testing. however, when you try and remove the invoice, it can’t find it. the online version is fine if a little overpriced for soletrader business, but this app, which costs nothing, is worth exactly that. it’s next to useless.
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
. all new version is awesome this app is awesome! when intuit separated the quickbooks mobile app from this quickbooks online app they fixed a bunch of bugs and added a ton of features. if you have a quickbooks online subscription you need this app!
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. quick books is best app for my growing business.
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
the best!. i can't live without my quick books app! better than paying hundreds of dollars for an accountant
. this is a great app and has been an invaluable tool for me to manage my business. the only draw back i have found is when i tried to use paypal in conjunction with the app. 1) the cost implications and 2) getting the money to my bank account. this is not a quickbooks issue but it just caused me a headache.
fire the entire team. worst app. login doesn't work. recovery doesn't work. craptastic adventure
. great app!
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
. lots of odd problems. invoices dissapering invoices with same number invoice not adding correctly.
nice and easy to use. i have try this app. as a startup owner, it is very good to generate estimate & invoice
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
works but needs work. for the most part the product works, but has many errors and sometimes says there are errors but they are never fixed, i run the lasted ios on an iphone 6 and still have many problems
. love the phone app!
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
ouickbooks. setting up this quickbooks app is a joke , the system does not work and customer support has an attitude that is not willing to help!
. it's convenient when on the go. love how i can invoice and récord payments when away from office. keeps me on track. easy to work with.
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
so far so good.. love the app. i think it's great any time i can give an estimate, invoice on the road. thanks.
bank connection. bank updates inconsistent.
good for on the go business#. great app for mobile business. lacks some of the functionality of desktop version. i like the way i can record every transaction on the go, even invoices and payments. i don't like the fact that you can run only one business per subscription. much to expensive to pay separate for subscriptions if you have more than one business.
. highly recommend this app for every company
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
stops unexpectedly. i can never really depend on this app because it shuts down unexpectedly. i can't really get anything done on the mobile app.
simple and easy. i find the app and the computer program simple and easy to navigate. i operate my small business using quickbooks and i am yet to have an issue.
please add delayed charges. i like this app, but i mostly do my bookkeeping at my desktop. delayed charges are something i would like to add on the fly, using mobile. please add!!
so many glitches. this program glitches at least once a month. today it is telling me we don't have an account. so frustrating. it's great when it works, but it should always work.
great app. does what exactly it has to do
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved. please note i have tried multiple phones and it is near impossible on mobile browser. trying to keep keyboard up is a nightmare.
owner. 365 bookkeeping & payroll. absolutely love the qboa and the qbo mobile app. user friendly.
. how to manage inventory ? i need to know the state of my stock, ie item, quantity, cost etc as the sales goes on how to do that ???
ios 10.01 update...... awful! not user friendly. keeps telling me to update safari to use program. still can't run checks!
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
don't bother!. except for the cost, i really like quickbooks online. this ipad app is nothing even close and is basically useless.
. very nice system. very easy to use. i would like to be able to pull more reports and have more options in the mobile app.
. have not upgraded since 2006, this app is great. i am not tied to the office for alot of tasks that used to only be done in the evening.
horrible!! worst waste of space ever!. would give negative stars if i could. absolutely horrible app, can't do a damned thing; can't enter or edit or view bills, can't enter new customers, can't enter new or edit existing invoices, can't enter new expenses or edit existing, can't enter or edit payments. can't figure out what this is supposed to do except take up space and cause frustration. do not waste your time downloading. like others said, use excel and a shoebox.
good app. this is excellent for small businesses the only thing i think they should add is a quick way of entering vat on mileage money.
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
. error code 132.100 quickbooks doesnt even have a fix for it. customer service has no clue as to what they are doing. i like paying for software that i can't use
helpful. while not a fully functioning mobile version of qbo, this app is great for checking up on things.
. would be better if it used ai to fill in some of the receipt details
doesn’t have my bank. doesn’t have major banks in my country so can’t use it.
. so much easier than a checkbook program, enter only what you need!
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
great way to punish your workers. yeah, a client uses this and when he sent me a 1099 it took 30 minutes of creating an account, retrieving passwords, recreating passwords, etc just to look a file that was supposed to be mailed weeks ago. terrible system trying to force the people you work with into accounts and products to access forms that are legally required. please use other software and services that care more about their user experience.
so easy. this app makes it so easy to print invoices for my clients on the go! also cuts down on time that i have to sit at my desk at home and allows more time with family. great app.
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
. free try option does not work. what's the fun of offering trial that doesn't work
. great app. obviously nots as many features as browser access but an amazing app nonetheless.
needs a way to attach pdf files, not just pictures. i'd consider this a great app if i could use it to record expense receipts from online purchases (pdf files) , not just printed receipts. i keep having to go back to my computer to record digital receipts. i think it's obvious that folks these days are buying things from amazon and other merchants who provide digital receipts.
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
love this product. i've been using qb for years. every year it get better than the year before. i won't use any other accounting software.
jason marquez. this app according to me is best as it's not that complicated and makes my business easy, i've not used any other accounting app so i consider this very easy for any layman who is not very good in accounting. it could have had few more options like individual job closing so to get more accurate and decrease the paper work.
very disappointed. there is very little you can actually do with the app.. not impressed am canceling the account.
pretty good. i've been using qb for years to run my small auto repair business. the latest qbo and phone app are pretty good. like the interface. easy to use. only complaint is if i have no internet connection i'm dead in the water. being mobile is occasionally an issue.
we are using this with the construction side of our business and so far the customer service has been wonderful. there are things missing or not working but customer service had said they are working on getting them added or fixed. makes it really easy for our employees in the field to create invoices and send them to clients as well as receive payments. will change to five stars when missing components are added.
love the app, but price is too high. i love the app, but when will the price increases stop. as soon as i have time to research other programs i will cancel my subscription. $40 per month is too much to just invoice customers and reconcile my bank statement.
. great app easy to use
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
doesn’t keep track of suppliers. this app works fine as long as you only want to send novices. unfortunately it doesn’t tell what you owe your suppliers and allow you to pay their bills, so while you are running around invoicing clients the suppliers will be sending the bailiffs round to your office.
. just started using this app and so far i really like it.
. difficult to navigate. starts with fairly useless information that cannot be sorted. does not sync for days on end, so it isn't current. cannot view statements or email one from the field. edit: it is getting easier to navigate and shows more useful information.
updates that don’t install. first of all got up to install and it won’t
. very handy for a lanscaper on the go. now i can email invoices as soon as we are finished right from my smartphone, wether i'm standing next to the customer or in the truck. makes my life easier
improved greatly. since the last update, the bugs have been worked out and the issues i'd seen don't occur anymore. thank you
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
. thanks for making our financial records tracking make easier. software is amazing. suggestion: please add purchase order in mobile app.
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
keeps locking up. the app keeps telling me i need to update to the latest version, but i already have it. it won't let me log on. frustrating. please fix or revert back to previous version until glitches are fixed.
outstanding. very user friendly app. like nothing you have seen in accounting. the future is here.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
email is my only complaint i don't like my emails coming from into it i want to choose my own email so my customers can respond please fix this. respond it's when i'm sending invoices or estimates
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
"not working. i just downloaded it and it said it was free. it sent me a verification code. when i went back to the app now it is saying i have no subscription. i wish it could have said that in the begging because now my business email is ""registered"" and i can't find a way to delete my email address from this program."
powerful bookkeeping in your hand.. fantastic program to track costs, expenses, create invoices and it's all done to generally accepted accounting principles.
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
. after uninstal , this program still take 6.99£
. great app, very helpful. has a few glitches that can be frustrating.
app crashes. everything was great until one day the app crashed. now crashes every time i open it. reinstalled and same issue. help????
"buggy, rough, glitchy. frequently disconnectswon't sync to my companies data. frequently ""has trouble emailing this form"" when i try to send clients invoices. frequently is unable to save invoices. using 4g lte network and wifi with same results. says i'm offline when connected to wifi and network. only way to solve problems is seemingly to uninstall and reinstall app. update: now app frequently won't create pdf's that i can then print out. absolutely horrible for mobile business convenience."
awesome. i use it on my mobile, very efficient and fast in the field , for quick creation of invoices and quotations, on the spot so i never lose the opportunity to acquire a new jobs and customers
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
fantastic app for a superb product!!. i've been using quickbooks since i began my private voice and piano studio. i am able to easily track invoices and payments and send reminders to my students and their parents. the app has helped me save time when adding payments so i can focus my time on my students. i also love how i can send receipts and reminder invoices even when i am on the run! definitely a 5 star product & app!
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
crashes. crashes instantly please fix asap
qbo ipad & iphone. i think that intuit is doing an incredible job with this product! the updates have been wonderful for me. i am thoroughly pleased with this product.
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
limited to the essentials. great app!
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
not that great. was pretty good before the last update. new update is terrible, would be happy to speak with the suits upstairs. unable to fix this. makes it very frustrating. please fix this, straight away.
fantastic app. easy to use.. i wish they give more invoice customization options..
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
"no support. staff is rude. need help checking on billing and the person says it's not my job. you can google the number for that question. i was like what support do you provide? her exact words "" nothing""!"
organized. been in business for 20 years and been using this app for a year. love it. still lots beyond my abilities and i wish there was a little more help in the app for the accounting inept like me but i just bring the app to my accountant and they can pull all the data needed. recommend it. see sales, cost, accounts receivable at any given moment.
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
not happy with new update. new update has made navigating to the chart of accounts very annoying. you have to access one of 3 accounts (determined by qbs) that show up on the main page and then push the back button, magically the accounts list appears. poor design, but a simple fix. i don’t mind that the menu button has moved to the bottom, just please add a “chart of accounts” link. thanks.
owner. great app
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
. this program will not let me separate my inactive accounts from my active accounts. also navigation is not intuitive to me.
so much better than sage. we moved from sage to this and haven’t looked back. the app is better and the links to banks work (unlike sage). the help and support is better than sage too. all in all, well worth a trial.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
quickbooksjoist sync. none of this is working at all. for a company that does bookkeeping it’s ironic that i’ve been charged twice in less than thirty days for a trial period!! none of my invoices are synced, estinates are counted as revenue and quikboojs is stating my 90 day old business has 1000 net profit!! not even remotely possible! this is incredibly frustrating and so i have to work on this on my only day to rest. ridiculous!! do not use this app
. awesome app
quickbook. on trial will notify later
. i like it when on the desktop it's easy to use but downloaded the app on my phone and i can't even log on!
. very useful app
amazing. life is just easier. especially when it constantly always making updates just making it easy so i can focus.
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
great app. simplifies my paperwork, haven't noticed any bugs yet.
. great with some improvements would be nice if invoice generated from app had the pay online link like the invoices i send from computer. is there a setting that i need to change to activate this feature?
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
no sync. only issue i have is that i cannot sync with the desk top version as far as entering information out on the field and have it sync to my laptop version.
accounts. simple is the new smart
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
. am happy that it allows me to.make estimates from my mobile phone
this app is harmful. support is useless or you really can’t recover the emails you sending to the clients with your invoice
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
. really good app to use for small businesses
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
crashing. app keeps crashing every time i click on it!
c'mon, you know you need it. subscribe already. better than zoho or jobber. very organized and useful. such a time saver and it makes my company look 5 times more professional. recommended!
. good software, could be better if cis content was accessible via app
the cost is not free. it tells you it free but when you go in to create a online account it states it is $9.99 a month which you can buy a program cheaper then that
great for contractors. on the go app that helps with contracts and invoices . i can use ipad or even phone to show my clients and get approval and signature for new contracts . just what i was looking for
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
app for small busines. fact, this app save me 11 hours a week in paper work period. great for small start up business
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
another weak quickbooks mobile app. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my pc...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then??
. love this app for our business. we use it for billing and taxes and it's nice how its all online.
. would be nice to be able to record deposits through the app. the whole reason i have this app is so i don't have to go onto a pc. also, an option for digital payment, ie paypal venmo etc.
use it to view only. very handy to look at information. do not use it to enter information.
cool app. very convenient, i'm yet to use it to its fullest, but i love the way it alerts me to payments i need to make or should have received. very happy.
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
. the worst customer service ever. i would give them zero.
amazing app. i love this app makes everything easier for me and faster. this app is amazing i just love it!
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
won't open. i use this app daily and now it won't open! please fix this!
game changer. been using the desktop version for over a decade. now that i’m using qbo along with the mobile app i feel like i have been living in the dark ages! this is simple, useful, powerful and most importantly convenient! no more keeping up with paper receipts and forgetting to keep track of purchases.
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
broken. i sign in and all it does is take me to a screen that says it isn't quick books mac. the only buttons on the screen either take me to a webpage saying the app isn't quick books for mac or takes me back to sign in.
. easy to use and one of the best support system.
love it but..... seems like new technology with some bugs. also some reciprocity issues with what can be done on app as opposed to phone. i know intuit will refine and well worth it. it is helping me streamline my business networking system!!! love it and look forward to giving a 5 star in couple years!
no longer works properly. since latest update i can no longer do anything in the banking section. i can’t accept or change any transactions.
. this app has made tracking my expenses a breeze , now i don't have a big pile of receipts because i enter everything as i go
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain.
finally. finally intuit listened and added access to account registers to this app. now my accounting program tells me how much money i have, owe and are owed. thanks!! once the new online interface harmony is 100% compatible on mobile devices this app can finally go away for good.
can’t record invoice payments. i upgraded my phone from an iphone 8 plus to an xr running ios 13. i installed the quickbooks app from the apple store. when i try to record invoice payments, i get the following error: qbm.error.00001160.reason.iphone i have not found any articles about this error online.
good but too many bug with ios. after the good first impression, using daily is little bit frustrating. example: problems with input dates and items. sometime the calendar doesn't open etc.
great mobile app. this app is perfect for my business. i'm out of the office majority of the day so being able to send or create estimates and invoices is very nice. quick and easy
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
. how do you update the bank feed manually? there's no refresh button and pulling down from the top doesn't work? super laggy after the latest update...re intuit, nope, no refresh pull down or button next to the + also, still crazy slow and choppy
awesome product for small business!!. unbelievably convenient! from my imac, to my tablet, to my phone i can access, enter payment, send an estimate, or invoice, etc and it’s all connected because i have online quickbooks. hint: go they intuit directly! itunes was charging me an extra $5 a month. $19.99 a month they intuit and worth every penny!! biggest time saver + unsurpassed professionalism to my customers and speed of connectivity!!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
terrible app. this app is not even close to what you expect it does not do what your quick books does. there is no way to change product descriptions without having to rewrite the whole item. it does not link to quick books in trial mode and not sure if i want to pay for this service. bottom line this is not what you would expect i think they are still working the bugs out buy some other app.
it's good but could use something. i really liked the ipad app since i could see more. since many androids have larger screens something similar would be nice.
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
. seriously guys, this app is constantly updated, but still moves at a glacial pace and consistently crashes. get your business in order so we can keep ours in order!
. nice app very usful and conviniant
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
useless since update. the last update brings a gorgeous splash screen. i know this because i see it dozens of times each day since i have to log in every time i open the app! completely useless now.
good app. easy to use
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
limited functionality. the app has very little of the on line functionality. and the on line version of qb has less functionality than the desktop pro version that i used previously. very much regret going to the on line version.
great app. an amazing application for small business owners. a personal accountant only for 700 egy a month + you learn accounting
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
. keep having to login which is annoying. very slow in general. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. after 3 years, still quite disappointed with it.
. i like it. i came across a bug at the start but i called quickbooks and they resolved it the next day thankfully
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
doesn't refresh data, data is inconsistent. doesn't refresh data, data is inconsistent
great for pimpin. i keep track of all my hoes daily sales & expenses with quickbooks.
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
. it sucks if you have credit problems you can't link bank and get payment they don't say that anywhere though do they
. great app i can't say enough good things about it.its totally awesome, fantastic, outstanding.
. still somewhat confusing.
. if this app doesn't work in india why do showing many ads popup and videos and why did you uploaded on playstore india platform
. great app for managing a small business!
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
no backup. i no longer needed the software so cancelled. but, once they stop collecting your money, they destroy your financial records. this then makes it impossible to do your taxes! unless you have a backup or regularly download the records, it will screw you over. i contacted them and they basically said, you lose! canadian law requires them to maintain your records for seven years!
. loving it, great app and works great
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
pretty basic and useless. can't do a lot of things. when i'm on the road and away from my laptop i really need to be able to do more stuff. can't customize any reports at all other than by date. can't run reports by location , can't make many edits , can't easily access the data i need. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account.
easy to use but missing some features. it's a great app but missing some features. i need to see quantity for my products and be able to create purchase orders from vendors and receive inventory.
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
not trustworthy. quickbooks has some issues with taking multiple accounts under the same email. i can not access my account because my email was used to open a second trial and i can not access my data any longer. choose better accounting software, overall. this app has no visible way to logout or troubleshoot.
. works as expected very happy just through the app you can not attach pdf documents to the invoices at this time which i wish it could .
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
add items?. there's no where to add items, only when i make an invoice it let's you add items, but there's no items list so you can quickly choose from lists, so every time i make an invoice i have to add an item manually instead of choosing from a list?
easy accounting for nonaccountants. i am not an accountant by training, so many of the concepts were foreign to me when i first started using quickbooks. however the simple format, and easeofuse made it an easy transition for me to do most simple accounting techniques. i was able to quickly use it and soon it became an essential business analysis tool and essential for forecasting and trending.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. update 2020: since the last 2 updates, the app is broken now and does not work at all. can't log in, and just get a 'device appears to be offline' message.
all that you need at the same app. great app, easy to navigate
. looks really good but not for me as i don't send enough invoices so not worth paying for. if i had more business and earnt more money then it would be perfect. but for someone who does cleaning a couple of times as a week not worth paying. shame there isn't a free version.
don't do latest update. was working great until latest update. now i cannot create any invoices.
love it!. simplifies life. amazing phone support. always improving.
great app. use it while in the field working on my samsung galaxy tab pro 10.1 don't even need to break out the laptop!!
many bugs. need to fix bugs that cause the app to not follow the regular online access. employees can see things they shouldn't (like business income) and are unable to do things they should like entering customer info and invoices.
easy plain and simple. simple to use but a bit plain on the app web version is great well done this enables business owners who are not accountants to watch and manage there business with ease i now only pay a accountant to check over at the end instead of paying them £250+ per month !
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
new update fail to open. just updated and app will not open
. fantastic easy and quick to use. makes my life so much easier!
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
. error code 132.100 quickbooks doesnt even have a fix for it. customer service has no clue as to what they are doing. i like paying for software that i can't use
good app. i like simple, this is efficient for my small busines, updates are making the app better. i can recomend it is supper easy to use.
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
app is crap. the quickbooks app very rarely lets us sign in and when it does many of the functions do not work. i’ve contacted customer service which is a complete joke. their suggestion was to check out the message board to see who else may have the problem we have! why? how about fix the problem!
. awesome app
great app but sign in issues. wont let me sign in anymore keeps sayin error restart app.
doesn't work properly!!!!!. doesn't work properly!!!!! you should fix all bugs before u sell your service, especially then it's about money and business, stay away if u want save you time!!!
. i would like to create, edit and update projects in the app. thanks
expenses. how can i add a credited amount in expenses? in the qb online mobile apps??
nothing works for me. nothing works for me with this app. if i login using desktop, qbo is ok but when i use the app, there is no information; no clients, no invoices, nothing. the subscription says i have a free trial until 2037. phone support was unsuccessful.
fantastic app. easy to use and a great companion to the website version.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
crashes on launch. latest os installed, the app crashes when i try to open it. hope a fix comes soon!
cvc. looks very promising... let's see as i used it. nice and brilliant user interface so far.
. i love it on my phone . but on my tablet it's slow and says non responsive a lot.
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
. working great. people complaining about the price aren't using all of the features. i now pay less because i got rid of other programs and apps.
online user. i find this program easy to navigate then the desktop. not as cluttered as the desktop compact
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data.
works seamlessly with desktop version. i love that i can use the app to connect with clients while i'm away from my desktop with ease. the ability to send an invoice in the moment has been great to keep me on track while i'm on the go!
it could use some improvements. i would like to have the option to send partial invoices from the app
. card reader does not work for htc. card reader does not work
easy to follow. app is easy to follow even if you are not an accountant.
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
junk.. not great. doesn't support photos. i guess thats to be expected from intuit. always a little behind the game. don't bother with support either they are worse. i have had my ipad cleared twice by their support. inventory and all. wonder why the go payments cant work like an invoicing system. talk about the blind leading the blind!
great app. awesome app
. its pretty good, but the scroll bar on the side of the expenses list is driving me absolutely insane because i keep accidentally scrolling and jumping through the list
. good accounting sofware, horrible on intuitively usage. just try and make an estimate or invoice online with an android tablet or phone and you will experience what i am talking about, it is very lacking the ease of usage, also lacking on choices when you select services, clients, and want to make a quarry forget about it! for accounting it works but, to simple for customer management.
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone. my only gripe with the app and it's operations is that not all of my customer emails that are sent are being received by my customers. i have highlighted this to quickbooks and they were extremely unhelpful in assisting with rectifying this matter, which i found extremely disappointed given this is a paid subscription service, and not a free service.
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
. app isn't working. i keep getting an error message while it's loading.
. it makes life easier!
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. the app works good.....when it works. but it freezes often......and when theres a technical issue it takes 45 days for them to resolve the issue. wasnt what i expected at all from quickbooks.
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
app doesn’t work on ios 11. don’t waist time
quickbooks. it's great for making estimatesinvoices tracking inventory. .only problem i have found is it prints out like a letter that could be a setting i have missed, would like for the print out to actually look like a billinvoice
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
great app. i love this app. it's very helpful and easy to use. keeps everything organized and in order easy to look up at any time. i highly recommend it for all small businesses. it will definitely make your life a lot easier.
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
. qbo is great... however, the app sucks! the info on the home page is rarely if ever correct. paid invoices show as still do, p&l info is incorrect compared to what it shows on the website. now i can't edit downloaded transaction to add an image of my receipts. plus, it's no longer showing all of my accounts when i go to categorize a transaction. what the heck happened?!
great update. now i can record my expenses.
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
. crashes every time. hasn't opened successfully once. tried reinstalling and restarting tablet.
. easy to enter my expenses
. not perfect but eliminates laptop in the field. latest update makes it too easy to duplicate transactions.
background usage accounts for 50 percent of battery life. this app completely drains my battery. i thought my battery was broken and was about to replace it, but apple tech report suggested i check on battery usage by app and i discovered quickbooks was the culprit.
. love this app
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
unable to process simple request. crashing and getting an error saying data unavailable. can’t even save one expense
. just started using this app and i'm loving it
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
opens the closes. after the last update of quick books i can not access it on my ipad. there for it is costing me money. i hit the app it opens the closes right back. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it is the same thing. i have 3 jobs i did today that i could not take payment on because of this. please fix asap
. excellent app.
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
paid invoices not turning green or showing paid when they actually are. after receiving the payment, the invoices are not turning green and are not saying paid even though they are paid this is important and needs to be fixed as soon as possible.
. takes some time to kearn but very good companion to the full cloud app for the laptop
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
tricked. had to provide all my email and phone information before being told it was a free trial, felt tricked, if you want to save money doing your books you don't want to pay for an app to help you, just learn to do it yourself for free
great app!. i was using quickbooks pro desktop 2013 before going to online 2016. all i can say is wow! i never realized how much i was missing. reconciling expenses with automatic bank and credit card transaction downloads can be done on my phone anywhere and anytime. no need to log into bank and manually download. huge time saver. also keeps me up to date on my finances with great reporting built in and at my fingertips.
. extremely useless and convenient!
. app takes forever to load on my one plus 5t. will not load banking feed to organize payment catagories. man, for how much we pay for this service, you would think it would have a rocking app....
intuit quickbooks. job invoices
update to the update.. they fixed the update. i updated my rating.
app is useless. receipts and notes entered in the app do not show in the register online without additional steps. it doesn’t even show there is an attachment even though i selected show attachments in settings. so what’s the point. absolutely ridiculous in this day and age.
does what it needs to do. a little clunky, but then again, i'm expecting a lot from it.
no good color and texture of sreen. it hard to seen no c olor in photos
new update changed invoices. the app shuts down every time i get a signature!!
. very good online accounting software .please update with reports for android version.
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
. keeping on top of expenses and invoicing is easy with quickbooks online.
. there was about to be going to be fight if those people dont get away from my accountant.
so messy and confusing.. iphone app is so messy and confusing. desktop version struggles so much to gather my company info, and there really isn't much. errors out all the time.
great app. this is a great app to have if you use quickbooks. glad to have it available to me!
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
cannot reconcile bank accounts on app. cannot reconcile on the app. completely useless to me as the bookkeeper.
. great app
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
terrible app. half the time i can not download my banking info, i can not do invoices. it’s junk for what you have to pay for it. i’m finding something new.
love this app. the app links straight to your computer so you can send quotes, invoices etc on the move. this is a great small business tool at a great price.
not bad.... would like to be able to use it to cray an invoice and take a credit card payment on the road
need ipad update. the ipad app should be as capable as the desktop version. when are we going to see this? iphone app is pretty stout but the ipad app needs update and soon.
. this app is fo real ya'll
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line. still has a long way to go.
. this is false advertising. it's not free!
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
accept button doesn’t work.. love the app however this latest update the accept button doesn’t seem to work so you can’t accept the new line items from your bank feed.
major problems with the newest update!!!. the app was working great until a few days ago. now i cannot receive payments on my iphone due to a bug in the app and i also cannot send an invoice via email on my iphone or ipad now. ☹️
yeah. works great, limited on mobile app!
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
why the love. app just doenst work well  slow and just not a great experience.
. happy to be able to bookkeeping on the go. use my time waiting dr offices etc classifying banking transactions and miles. loaves the new reciept capture. hoping the newest update lets me do bank deposits via the app. wish the reciept and banking input allowed for inventory line items like their desktop version i used before converting to online.
great but needs improvement. app is really great other then one key thing missing. i need access to employees and doing payruns while on the go and be able to enter in employees hours for casuals with ease.
tonya pitchford. app and product are useless for my particular business. very hard to deal with, fees are high
great on the move!. really easy to use, keeps my accounts up to date all the time, so much easier than finding time when i'm back home! clients get invoices instantly and i keep on top of payments and expenses. first class
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
nothing but disappointment. car tracking constantly shows that there is uncategorised trips when it is up to date. software won’t integrate with desktop version. 3 days before end of financial year quickbooks stops bank account updating inputs. then quickbooks support solution causes double entries. two week later accounts won’t update anymore again.
great app. very happy with the app so far. there is a couple thing that would be nice to be able to do from my i pad and not have to go to my computer hopefully in the next update they will.
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app. please add bills to the mobile apps.
has some 🐜. i really like qbs. sometimes i cannot send invoices or edit. a message pops up saying that ‘try again later’. i would like to use my own design for my invoices instead of the very simple format i can only use in their system.
great app!. this app is so convenient for my type of work. it would be nice to have a few more features like search for more then just a customers name. maybe an address or phone number. i expect it to come in future updates. thanks again!
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
four years of online qb. qb has simplified my life, given me access to billing for my clients on my cell phone and made it super easy to process transactions. i'm also able to allow my bookeeper, cpa and salesperson access to the areas they need. the only thing that would make it better would be having the ability to print transaction reports for vendors like we can for customers.
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
unusable in ios 13. after login, app crashes every time. i tried deleting and reinstalling as well. ios 13.0. please fix asap.
signature for estimates. would like to have a signature on estimates for android tablets like you have for the mini ipad.
. really slow compared to desktop
limited. desktop app for mac is brutal slow. mobile apps ok but limited graphic reports
works amazing! i love being able to attach pictures right to my expenses when i enter them. it is also really nice to be able to enter expenses on the road. it makes bookkeeping a lot easier!
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
i need this app. i really need to use this app. but everytime i try to create an account it says connection error. i have been sending multiple emails about the same for the past month and no reply. five stars if you fix this problem
. easier to send invoices via the app than it is on the computer. only flaw is i can't enter a negative number for discounts but that could just be my phone and not the app. overall i highly recommend it for anyone.
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
doesn't send invoices. my customers stopped receiving invoices from me via email. i have to send it to myself and forward to them. customer service is a joke: they think their clients are stupid, their advices are just ridiculous: are you sure you put the email in the right section? really? i had been sending invoices via email before and they all received them.
very easy to hand on. cloud solution made bookkeeping much easier
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
worked awesome until latest update. just says error every time i log in. worked great before update however.
. cool app
. pos app!
. what a joke......the sales team are so rude....software is actually pretty good but the attitude of the staff in th sales team have completely put me off using this! i will now be looking elsewhere (fresh books etc).....
. great app use it to submit all quotes and review estimates
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
. tried twice now to add my bank account and no luck, keeps saying i'm logged in on another device but i'm not. been into online support twice now and they can't fix it so the app is pointless to me
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
. not being free hurts. if this app was free and did not require a subscription to use for us that buy qb pro i would give this app a 45 star rating. this app is not perfect but what really hurts it is the price being 10 dollars a month to use this app.
still unresolved issues 3 month later. i’ve had quickbooks for over 3 month now and since i’ve had it i have been unable to allocate my bank transactions on my app. i’ve flagged this to quickbooks and had responses but no fix. keep being told to use desktop version for now! 3 months and still not fixed isn’t good enough for a payed for app.
. best investment ive made in my small business more than pays for itself
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. edit: the developers comment below doesn't work as of 130619
fantastic app. as a contractor to be in the field instantly give my customers and estimate or full fullblown bid and be able to follow up with change orders and billing all in one spot. very convenient easy to use and it works great on my phone , home computer, or ipad all at the same time. highly recommend this product not had one problem with it to date.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
. when we process credit cards ti is showing the transaction being paid. however, it does not connect to gopay, even though we have that function turned on. we did not realize they were not processed completely until we did weekly reconciliation. as of today, this bug has not been removed. 3.8 on our other tablet is working fine.
. this app is very useful for preparing and sending quotes and invoices on the go. so if i'm out of the office for the day, i can get work done.
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
all but useless. i love qbo but the app is useless. it’s like a completely separate universe where nothing shows up as set up in qbo. reports are limited and custom reports aren’t there. i can’t see something basic like checkbook register.
very useful!. this app allows me to send clients a sales receipt as soon as they hand me the cash, invaluable when visiting clients.
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
can't save an invoice since update.. please fix asap. i use to use this app everyday and now i can't. i love quickbooks but this is bad!!
brilliant. i love the qb app. can invoice on the job. wish i'd used it sooner.
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
. stan f. would be great if it has signature capture so that a customer can sign the invoice or receipt. the ipad version has the signature capture feature but quickbooks wants 12.99 per month just to be able to use the ipad app and other 27.00 per month for the online essentials account. thats 480.00 per year just to be able to get a signature capture feature that is only available for the ipad version. quickbooks too primitive
great for our small business. love a lot about it. easy to use! i don't love that some transactions are hard to recode to another payee. some default and you can change. for the most part i do love it.
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
still needs some changes. multiple addresses for a company is still a drama as it changes all pervious invoices and quotes. plus now on the ipad version it says i can't access until subscription is paid but it is.. works on computer but can't use my ipad. annoying!!!
. great app
. nice program! make it so i can bank on droid and it couldn't get any better.
pres. good product except for email. if you email invoice and customer does not receive because of their sever being down, you never get notified. this can be a real problem because you do not find out until the customer is past due on the invoice..
. make my work lot easier and faster
doesn't have a bank option. they could do much better though it's good
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
awesome..... this app is awesome...
pool guy. quickbooks forced me to update from our quickbooks mobile windows invoicing system to quickbooks mobile with only five days notice. this was very poorly planned by quickbooks and put us in a bind. however the new quickbooks mobile online system is truly fantastic and offers many more powerful features and ease of accessibility. recommendation: this app needs the ability to create a monthly statement that i can email from my phone to my customers. currently i can only do this from a laptop.
. i operate two companies through the app and notice that suppliers and customers from one company end up being listed in the other! i would give more stars, but this is a glaring issue that needs resolving urgently.
so useful.... i don't really use it like it's designed. i have 50 company trucks & 5 semi trucks to keep track of at our repair shop. this allows me to document everything. each vehicle as a customer with year & type always easy to find. each invoice acts as a repair, allows me to document every detail and track costs. luv this app! well worth the subscription fee.
. if i can navigate this app, anyone can! super easy and really professional. i'm loving it! i love the different reports as well. thank you!
update. please fix soon app opens and closes after update.
. its a time saving tool. and it helps to keep things in order and simple.
. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:) 23092019 i wish to ask, wether you can remove the function which not allowed to screenshot ? it is very frustrated when i need to inform my customer how much they owe. please !!!
how come i cant make pos on the app?. this should have this ability builtin.
easy to use. great app to use
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
not very good. this app dose not work with samsung galaxy s 6 or 6 edged, iv phone over 6 time now and just keep getting fobbed off , i don't even think thinking quickbooks technical support know wat they are doing i'm just left in the dark
great app. dan
. my only dislike is that on android it will only being up the last year of data... where on my daughter's apple it brings up all data from many years ago
. android version is too slow and hence almost inaccessible.
. if you're used to the desktop version the transition to online is seemless and eases the file share process with yout accountant. i highly recommend for a small business
"very convince. i wish i could you the ""classes"" functionality from my phone though... i just upgrade my online account today and was super excited about that functionality... but it appears not to be available on my phone... which means i can scan my receipts and enter my expenses. but still have to login to assign a class... which is repetition. .."
many bugs. need to fix bugs that cause the app to not follow the regular online access. employees can see things they shouldn't (like business income) and are unable to do things they should like entering customer info and invoices.
recommended. very user friendly and easy setup.
nice tool. i like this tool a lot but it could use more links. you need to add the ability to add to the time sheet service. i upgraded to use that on all my business phones on the field and low and behold support lied to me and said it was possible. so i upgraded and guess what it's not in the app.
. used to work perfect ever since update it's very unreliable. can't log into app reliably. it often locks me out right when i'm standing in a customer's house trying to invoice them or locks me out when i need to go through my client list for a phone number etc. i suggest you consider competitors software until the app becomes stable again.
2016 update is a headache. much improved after initial deterioration in poor updates. great software now. real time accounting is brilliant. l
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
. love the app. this does everything i need and more. great how everyone can see the same thing. i do wish they still had customer manager. i need to be able to look up clients by phone number or address.
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
frustrated. the is helpful in many ways, but it crashes too much with ipad and locks you out at random times. the screen locks out of focus sometimes too.
. getting better with every release. still have to reinstall every so often. at&t galaxy s5. otherwise works perfectly 99.95% of the time.
. good app, but please can you add mode of payment to sale receipts and receive payment. anytime i do sale receipt on the app, it post the cash directly to undeposited fund account i created instead of bank account of cash and cash equivalent that i created... please help us fix this pls
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
. the app is great. the only thing is the monthly price continues to go up.
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
won't work. dumb, have quick books for pc. this gets error after signing in. galaxy tab.
now 5 stars. love it! have to have it! it made my life so much easier.
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
ipad perfect until ios 8.5. app hasn't worked since 8.5 update. have sent several request about the app crashing and no one has gotten back to me. i've deleted and redone loaded, rebooted ipad, etc. when not crashing it's a 5 star app. please fix asap!
qbo quickstart. i find it user friendly, reasonably easy to pick up and the ability to use it on my phone, ipad or pc is very useful.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
needs improvement. i just started using this app while traveling. it doesn’t compare to the site on my pc. very unfriendly and difficult to impossible to bring up to date.much incomplete data. need to go to work on this one of its to be useful.
one in all. i can run my business with great confidence because of this application available of quickbooks online. one my favorite functions is the capability of producing estimates, and invoices immediately. that function pleases a majority of my professional field clients.
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
. origionally i wanted to use this app for easy application of spreadsheets and invoices, unfortunately when everything wasn't working out for me, i decided to pull the plug and cancel my subscription. unfortunately, it is hard to get a cancellation and stop the reoccurring payments and it has brought me here. i would recommend that you guys make it easier for others to manage your subscription accounts.
. absolutly a must have for any biz owner. really an easy & amazing app. takes your company to the next level with ease.
. when i am logged in, i can see all of my vendors, even ones i recently added, but there is zero activity listed underage vendor. customer service take several days to get back to me and then they don't actually answer my question
deceiving. silly me. i thought quickbooks had somehow released a free service. i installed this app, and the first thing i am presented with is a screen asking me to sign up for a free trial. sorry, $12.99 per month is just not worth it for quickbooks until they finally build a decent rental business module. i hate being tricked into downloading apps that are actually not free.
simply the best. simple and easy to understand and use. above all, the free technical support is out of this world. go for it, you cannot go wrong.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
horrible app even if subscribing!. subscribe to the app yet they want me to pay for a new subscription, waste of money for months!
very pleased client. i love this app. it has saved me so many times. there are a couple things you can't do on the app that you can do on the desktop like change your payment information but i have no issue with that. thanks intuit for another great product.
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
cant update billing info in app. slow, awkward layout, intelligent prefill of categories usually incorrect slowing down workflow. will be using moyob to set up accounts for my next fy.
"amazing for my business. i wouldn't know where i would be running my own business without this app. it truly gives an ""on the go"" experience and aided with other tools i can work anywhere in the world. thanks quickbooks!!"
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
everything worked great until last update.. can't save invoices. have to login every time using password. payments don't apply to the invoices just to name a few. wish i hadn't updated.
works great for what i use it for. i run a simple personal business and this app has all i need!
features are good but i always found bugs. errors everywhere
useless!. who is writing these positive reviews? this app is completely useless. it has none of the functionality of qb online, and neither does the mobile version accessible from a browser. with all of the money we spend monthly on qb products, the lack of useable features on mobile devices is extremely disappointing. can't even get a register balance? ridiculous!
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
. great app
. for billing trying to learn
. awful app...one of the main reasons for converting to online from desktop was 'receipts on the go'. it's a joke...most of chart of accounts is missing and so are the bank accounts i'm using for transactions! so entering and recording receipts on the go is impossible. if this is important for you, use xero!!
. having a mobile office means that i am able to do invoices for the business on the run. taking payments are easy too.
. you have to pay and i am looking for a free app to do my stuff
"wont work. app keeps telling me ""can't connect to server"""
. we love quickbooks! it helps you to stay organized and keep track of your income and expenses so when tax season comes you have it all ready. we have found it very useful!
. the app is great when it works! it took 3 times of deleting and reinstalling to get it to work again. but its working perfctly again.
can't offline book keeping.. it's terrible that you can't add expenses when offline. the app needs internet constantly and that's very frustrating as lots of my business is outside of network. basically the app is useless if you don't have internet!
really good !. used a different invoicing program for years but would not sync with quickbooks. so i went over to the best and figuring it out. quickbooks online has made it easy to work through. good job developers !!
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started.
. i had an inapp issue and received help immediately. i love this app and really appreciate you guys. you make my life a lot easier, 💯💯
system modify for the better. great system except when you send an invoice out there is no way to mark it that it has been sent out . so you constantly have to keep a note book with all the customers and what is going on with each individual invoice.
ran into unsupported transactions within 1 minute.. the app is difficult to navigate, bloated and slow, using a ton of wireless data. the app would be much better as multiple singlefunction apps. i mean, do i really need to log in to qb to snap a pic of a receipt and submit it for later? typical quickbooks bad experience. very disappointing.
everything i need. qb is perfect for my small business needs. i tried myob and this is so much easier to use. easy to navigate or just get a snapshot
great but needs some updates. just recently i am unable to log in to my company. i can get on to my online account, but not on the app?? says my email and password isn’t found?
. far too long to load (on new phone). unresponsive and not well developed
quickbooks = easy bookkeepping. love the mobile app, very easy to use. access accounts from anywhere, raise invoices, pay invoices. simplified bookkeeping!!
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
crashes 48 times per day. app crashes over and over, saying you need to log in again for critical updates. there are no updates availability, and deleting and reinstalling the app doesn’t help. it’s frustrating because it takes 20 minutes to enter customer information, because you need to finish and hit that save button before the next crash. best to just use quickbooks in the browser, even though that isn’t perfect. four stars with no crashes.
. makes life easier for thse of us with mathmatical challenges and poor memories.
. perfect to make invoices on the road however missing important functions like sending customer 'statements.
crashes still to often. fairly good  duplicates imported credit credit transactions. freezescrashes too often. doesn't allow you to specify where payments go ...always undeposited funds ...
easy to use on the go!. super convenient way to keep up with your accounting and invoices from anywhere on the go.
crashing after ios13 update!. app is crashing after face id log in on xs max ios13
. poor customer service. had to change bank account to keep them from billing me
great app. accounting on the go!. ahh my favorite part of the day just got a whole lot easier. this app lets you track you individual transactions on the fly. it also lets you categorize and itemize expenses. if you like neat books and your on your phone a lot this app makes things easy. it's free so just try it out.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
the android app is so diffrent than the ios app.. ios app has the functionality to select multiple items too an estimateorder with the multi select feature. this is missing in android. also before the update, the send comand asked the way we wanted to send the invoice and we can select email, fax application. but with the update it only send with the quickbooks email. cant send by fax anymore. please provide the share option on invoice and estimates atleast.
great app!. easy to use, syncs nicely. very user friendly and keeps me informed while on the go!
owner operator. on the go? this app will help your business keep going without slowing down!
. both the desktop and the mobile app are unstable. if i decide to stay with quickbooks and that's a big 'if' i will return to the regular desktop version. the gui sucks and is not intuitive in any way and the help section is inadequate .
helps me so much. new business owner, this app has been so helpful. can do estimates send invoices and input expenses from any where, weather im at the store or on the go i can work
great app... needs some work.. there’s no way to record a sale without attaching a customer to it. also, there’s really not a place in the app to keep a ledger. if it had these 2 things, it would get 5 stars from me, but as it stands i give it 4.
decent app. very limited features. needs to allow photo capture of customer checks. also needs deposit feature.
. amazing app ever!!
great app. very helpful, only complaint is, i would like more features like the desktop version. i would like to be able to get into my online version and accept register transactions, look at taxes that are owed, stuff like that. but over all a huge time saver. and has gotten me out of some tight spots. thank you
. get error message when i login on a mobile phone. works fine in mobile browser and on the desktop. app used to be great but cant even access the tools that i'm paying for anymore
quickbooks app. as a finally self employed electrician after many many years in the trade i decided to try qb online & it is quite simply amazing, easy, intuitive, versatile & very good value, looks professional and cannot recommend higher. thank you, matt m.b.s. electrical, jersey
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
paypal integration very poor. quickbooks say it integrates with paypal and automatically downloads transactions. well, it does partly, but doesn't download into expenses the transaction fees with paypal here, meaning you have to do it manually. it will do it for an online purchase to the same account so why it doesn't work properly is a complete mystery and one support do not help with.
thnx the app. i loved it
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
junk update = worthless app. since the latest update, my qb app shows an error saying that my session has expired immediately after i log in. i can't use it at all. pc access is okay.
. this makes it easy for me to issue invoices and get paid faster.
. found a better app for my needs
will not stop asking for a review. trying to get work done and having to swap back and forth between invoices to get the numbers. made difficult since every time i switch back and forth it asks for me to review the app. well, there you go, 1 star, now let me work.
very easy to use!. great tool and app!
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
broken app. latest update broke it. app will no longer launch and immediately crashes. now looking at alternatives.
. great app a bit overwhelming at first with all the features.
. app is crashing as soon as it starts... 🙄 edit: app is now working, i wish all features of the desktop version were also available on mobile.
it's broke :(. wonderful app, latest update has caused many issues, including signing in with fingerprint or app code. have to do a full sign in each time with email and loooooong password. hope they can fix soon! 😩😖😤
. very useful and easy to use
. contractor version of the app
useless app. can’t issue a po, pull one up via search, properly send one, etc. core business function that they didn’t bother to include because intuit continues to have their head stuck in the sand.
good. so far so good. wish more things were accessible on the app.
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
no payroll. subscribed to payroll using desktop at the office, tried to access using iphone app on the field but could not find it. waste of money!
good. camera to upload receipts is weird. other than that i am new to running a business and this program is helping a lot to keep organized. i think it is also going to help when taxes come around and make that a lot simpler and less scary also.
a handy little companion but it wont replace the website. a number of features from the web portal are missing such as matching bank transactions but its ok to use simply to check your chart of accounts and to record expenses.
please add a vital function. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. adding bank deposits etc. surely it's time to add this to the app. for me it's unusable
solved my invoicing problems. now i can invoice quickly from anywhere. then track and record payments. very simple yet powerful. love the mobility.
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
. this app sucks can not access anything very frustratung have to go to desktop on my phone its a nightmere going to look for something that actulay works from a moble device takes to much time fighting to use sucks
amazing, powerfull and simple. switched from sageone and wow, for the same price i get a much better mobile app, that actually do more, and is very simple to use. and the last update made it even better with the overall view.
not free. unless i missed it this app says free. when you try to utilize it, it asks for $$$. if i'm wrong i will change the review immediately.
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
. makes bookwork super easy on the go, and new features keep being added to app to make it a better desktop companion
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
mr. trying to type this review the second time. first time have typed up a review, i was told my chosen nickname is taken and the whole text disappeared! basically app is waste of time! not all of my set suppliers are displaying. for an accounting program it should be spot on before publishing. i would not trust this app. beware!
. best app ever
too expensive. i do to want to pay for s subscription , i just want to buy the software
overpriced and does not have all the features i use and need. look elsewhere for accounting software.
. app is pretty good.
"love this app. it is so awesome to be able to login to our accounting software and services do an invoice right from the service location we just finished up on... i can actually send a store manager a estimate sheet as a ""what was done  sign off sheet for his record in the case of a corporate billing. i am so glad i chose qb's online..."
. app has no functionality. stick with online version.
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
the software has been a nightmare recently using iphone and ipad keeps saying i haven't paid. i've written to emails and had absolutely no response to either no refunds either because i can't get the software to work unless i'm in mice studios on my laptop which is being fixed currently i won't be with me for the next four weeks so how i'm supposed to do any invoicing i have no idea this is absolutely ridiculous use sage...
best app for accounting. i used another app before but quickly switched to quickbooks. it is by far the best out there in the market in terms of features and ease of use. i am not an accounting expert but now i can quickly generate my financial statements and get funded. thanks a lot!
better improvement. app running better
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
latest update rocks. now you get your bank feeds in the app, so you can easily process your incoming payments and expenses. the only thing missing is the ability to attach a file during that process. hope it's something that will be included in a future update.
crashes when adding images of receipts. i want to give it 4 stars, but the 2 things i do are problematic. crashes when saving images of receipts every 3 or 4 times. also i can't add time entries which would be incredibly helpful. really close to awesome though.
no invoices. not very useful.
. very easy to operate
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
worst in india. i install it after that i it not support in india can you suggest me other options for android
très bon logiciel de gestion. très impressionnant, facile d'utilisation.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
downloads. automatic downloads have been taken away, you now have to go through the print page to save as pdf, then name the file and save from there. where as it used to automatically save and download with its own name. this app is getting worse.
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
. this app is slow
highly recommended!!. as a self employed tradesman, i was finding myself spending countless hours quoting & invoicing! this app has made running my business much smoother and given me free time on evenings (which is rare). admittedly it was pretty tricky to setup but the support helpline (both telephone & email) were fantastic at helping out. already recommended to other friends in the trade 👍
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
business management made easy.... quickbooks has taken the pain and most of the time out of bookkeeping for my photography business. it lets me spend my time working with customers and get invoices out promptly to get paid!
buggy app. doesn’t even open, tried many times opening it on my iphone x for weeks. it doesn’t even open the app and there hasn’t been an update to fix that for ages. unable to use it on my phone and having to use it on my laptop which i don’t always have it on hand. please fix this issue.
great to use.. great to use. would be nice to have a few more features on my iphone that i have while on a computer but still gets most tasks done very easily but it could be i haven't taken the time to really learn it! very easy to use and a lot like the desktop version
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
. love this app.... only two things that i can't figure out. first, will not let me have a service date when making an invoice. most important, cannot figure out how to get it to accept the online payments thru ipn. on the desktop version it is highlighted on the invoice and in the email when its sent. other than those two issues, this app is great. would love to use this daily!
. does what it says it does, i couldn't expect more!
. je n'arrive pas à le télécharger!! fini jamais ...... :(
download app just to be taken to the browser.. not the self employed version.
great accounting app. i've been using the quickbooks app for a over a year now and i love how it allows me to stay on top of my business accounting. i love that the app allows me to take a snapshot of my receipts and link them to their corresponding expense transactions within quickbooks.
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
. this app sucks and has for years! maybe if they charged us $1,000 a month then they could get it to work. maybe they just don't care enough to make it work. samsung galaxy s7 will not show entire history for past customers. mildly important!
i love it. quickbooks makes so many things easier
can’t use properly  soooo slow. i can’t use qbo app properly, the application is so slow, unable to load my data on my mobile (wifi lte network)
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
. excellet.
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
...and now it doesn’t load. i depend on my quickbooks app daily. as of yesterday, it doesn’t load on my iphone 7 running ios 13.3. needs to be fixed please.
best app for business. let's me do all my work on the go
every small business needs this. you have no idea how this app boosted our mobile productivity, billing and cashflow efficiency. we are a family blue collar business, no one here loves paperwork, we love our phones and vehicles though and quickbooks online allows us spend very little time at the office and more time doing things we actually charge $$$ for doing.
horrible photo receipt capture function. the recent update apparently changed the algorithm for identifying receipt paper boundary in a photo that makes no sense at all. two out of three times it only capture a useless fragment of the whole receipt which the makes entering receipts a horrible and utterly frustrating experience.
best move ever. glad we use the online version because it is easier when not in office to get to our information
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
. very useful app that almost makes bookkeeping fun. almost... :) let's face it, bookkeeping is a dreary chore but this software makes it tolerable and even pleasant some days. good work quickbooks!
easy here, hard there. you can tell this is more for business that need to create invoices more than purchase orders. desktop as well. i’ll give 4 stars when they add a po feature to the app.
quick rip for me.. i find this app so frustrating and difficult. i have had it for nearly a year, paying for the services i can't even use. i have been trying to cancel it but there seem to be no option on the app. the website is asking me to trial the whole thing again. i can't even call and talk to a person. hhhhelp. i need to cancel.
great app!. super convenient to track all my business transactions on the go. recent updates have made it much easier and more features are accessible.
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
. used to be good but no more. cant update app for my account. out of date and wont sync. would not recommend this software now.....stay away!
makes business happen!. this powerful app makes my business happen! very easy to make sales on the go and keep track of all my ins and outs. thank you!
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
. this app is slow
really good app. perfect for a small business takes a bit of learning works well when done
i am impressed!. i had to leave a review after being able to set up a new customer and then bill them all from my iphone! not a detail was missing compared to the desktop cloud version of quick books. good job intuit!
unfair and idiotic. your supervisor told me i would receive 3 months free quickbooks online...then i get a bill...then you refund my account and cancel it???!!! wow! and then waste hours of my time telling me you can't give me 3 months free? this is starting to look like a scam! not to mention the 1 star rating you receive from consumer affairs. you guys need to wake up and be professional!!
i like it. best app for your small business
crashing. 4.0+ crashes on startup on cm13. however 3.9 works fine.
. the app syncs at install and the will not afterwards. this is probably the most important aspect of an app...to keep data in sync. do not waste time with this app. first delight, then ongoing frustration. terrible.
good app. very detailed , im no pro @ accounting but i am teaching myself this app. its very in depth and i like it.
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
. great app. life gets easier.
. good for applying customer payments when they are received and creating invoices on the go at the time services are provided.
missing data on iphone and ipad. i have an issues where invoices are missing for some customer on both iphone and ipad. the show up absolutely fine on the web. i can see the payments but get the error when i open the payment qbm.error.00500000.reason.iphone. please fix asap
fantastic for on the go.. customers pay me and i put it right in the app. no waiting until i get home to forget. love this app.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
desperate for mobile. same as when i tried it in 2012. devoted qb online user, but this app is useless to me. this app may help sales people, but does nothing for management. no banking, no reporting, no transactions.
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the phone app is all but useless.
. great app
improve inventory management. very good software quickbook .. we are the manufacturer and we want to manage inventory of the raw material also ... when we sell a product then the raw material should be automatically deducted... otherwise very good sofware
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
. for 80% of what i would like this app to do its great not bad
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
how can a customer approve an estimate??. why do you have the electronic signature function available for the ipad and not android?? it defeats the purpose of having a tablet on the job site. i may as well stick with my 3 part form.
owner. i actually have never written a review for an app, and i've had an every iphone since the 3gs, i read the first review for this app and was so disgusted at the panning i just had to write one in support. i have a small business and use this every day! it's great, well designed and very user friendly. i run a carpet cleaning company and run basically every part of my business with this app.
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
quickbooks online. i wish the app was easier and more full functional but then the whole online product is sorely lacking relative to the old offline product. saas makes such a difference for smbs but intuit has missed the boat on the cloudbased solution. ugh!!
excellent. app and program does everything i need. its much better than the program i used previously and very user friendly.
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
excellent. wonderful tool  has improved use of foreign currency transactions.
sage. there are far too many bugs for my business to depend on this. what is really more important than dependability in book keeping software? besides there are very limited features to begin with.
must buy two services. i’m selfemployed and need to track miles as well as be able to send estimates. with “quickbooks selfemployed” you can track miles but you cannot send estimates. with “quickbooks online” you can send estimates but you cannot track mileage. to me, these things should be doable with the same serviceapp but here they are not. plus, customer service is not educated on their product or helpful.
make life easier on the mobile. love having my data at my fingertips without having to bring up the web version.
pool guy. quickbooks forced me to update from our quickbooks mobile windows invoicing system to quickbooks mobile with only five days notice. this was very poorly planned by quickbooks and put us in a bind. however the new quickbooks mobile online system is truly fantastic and offers many more powerful features and ease of accessibility. recommendation: this app needs the ability to create a monthly statement that i can email from my phone to my customers. currently i can only do this from a laptop.
. purchased app following welcome link from qb online thinking they would integrate and work together seamless, not so totally separate and no vat invoicing. cancelled same day billed for a month.
very powerful tool. the app is really nice and efficient. will get even better when the ability to create a credit note is made available on both ios and android devices. i really don't understand why this must have feature has not been added yet. thanks!
. love my quickbooks online, but this app lacks the one feature i need. i'm an attorney and want to be able to add single time activities. it's often when i am out and about that i need to capture some time, and this app would make all the difference.
. used this software for a year in vain, they don't have invoice customization option, they are not supportive, we had to used excel for few clients and quickbook for few and this makes this software redundant
. great app
able to view lots. able to view lots, but this app is not the same as the online version.
terrible. try to do estimates on the quickbooks for ipad. it is easier to do on the quickbooks for iphone. intuit needs to get some people like myself with an office any where that using qb online very hard and heavy to beta test there software.
. great app, easy to use....
limited compared to quickbooks desktop. quickbooks online is just ok. it has some limits that did not exist in the desktop version. a lot of them have to do with assisted payroll. for example, the app does not tell you each pay period how much of a contribution to pay towards simple ira's and give you a chance to indicate whether they were paid. it just assumes it was done without giving you any notice. other limitations make it just ok.
. why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
easy. i have found this app very easy to use. being able to tap into your invoicing system when out on a job. it enables me to issue an invoice same moment the job is finished and emailed to my customer stood in front of me, that way my customer has a paperless invoice and can pay you right away. saves time!
limited features. good app but still too many features missing that require logging in to the website. e.g. vat and paying salaries as expenses.
app not working on my phone. app is currently not even loading before it crashes. nextbit robin on marshmallow 6.0.1. sent error report weeks ago and nothing yet...
does everything i need.. if i could see my outstanding bills on the dashboard, i would say it was perfect. but even though qb have chosen not to include this requested feature, i am still happy to recommend.
quickbooks. quickbooks on my cell phone keeps me in touch with our office 247. once data is entered by our staff it is immediately updated to my cell phone as well as other devices. for the times our staff had a question regarding entries, the help line for quickbooks was always answered by a person who took a personal interest in our problems and they always found a solution. dorothy apartment rentals
worst user experience. app is made of complex processes..i they are more focused on collecting data than providing service..uninstalled within 3 minutes
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
keeps locking up. the app keeps telling me i need to update to the latest version, but i already have it. it won't let me log on. frustrating. please fix or revert back to previous version until glitches are fixed.
richard. great app, great product.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
incomplete and not easy to use. privacy settings are lacking as they previously were in the online version. to be useful, i need to be able to pass the ipad to a sales associate sioux giving them the amount of access they currently have (with the limited privacy settings). also, the login and password system is cumbersome meaning it isn't quick to open up the app to charge a customers card (faster to run it through the online version)
. i like this app so easy to use i recommend
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
useless. useless. confusing and incomprehensible.
happy and safe. at last. an easy to use app that work well for fast quoting and invoicing while on the go. my b2b clients are very impressed on how fast my quotesinvoices come in. it's a great selling point to my business.
love it!. why have i wasted time on quickbooks when i could have been using the online version! so much easier to use.
just ok. the mobile version is fine. it the desktop version is full of bugs and slow. wastes a lot of my valuable billing time.
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
great!. running my business has been so much easier since having quick books! invoices are no longer time consuming or hard :)
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
not able to enter bills. i cannot on this app nor the mobile site enter bills or purchase orders!! its very bad because now payments cannot be entered from my asus padlaptop please update this asap!!!!!
. very cool for our business great app helps put us a step ahead of the competition and print an estimate on the spot from our truck selling the job automatically.
easy. it could be a little bit easy to use.... invoices could be customized to add options like hours....
. difficult to use. much different than the desktop version. i only use it if i am desperate. cant even find existing transactions or quotes .
. good app, simple and yet very decent would give 5 stars but the hardware android menu button doesn't do anything. set it to open that side bar, also it needs a speed increase. sometimes it takes over 40 seconds to update. otherwise great app, easy to use. eagerly await updates to this.
payroll unable to handle contractors. unable to pay contractors on 1099 also their supports work around took more time than outsourcing payroll. wuuuuuuut? ? i have used quicken since computers came out and it looks nice and works great for (normally) most things. cheers
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
. very useful, simple, and advantageous over other apps when it comes down to the feasibility and quick access.
fix crash. my quickbooks app was crashing on my ipad 3, after i did the upgrade. press and hold the app icon and uninstall it. then, download it again. it now works.
app slow to load and won’t save transactions. this is a new glitch since the update
. love it! i'd love to learn more about how to fully utilize it but it's pretty simple to use. and that very key!
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
. great app!
not bad. pretty nice app. went from desktop manufacturing to quickbooks online. i like having access to my books while at craft fairs and being able to use different devices. still needs some work  it's been weeks and my gopayment account is still not linked and now find out the online doesn't acceptrecognize the chip reader. square app is more robust and may use that instead. also would be helpful to have a mileage tracker.
. will not let me create and save new transactions with htc one. please fix this issue. using mobile browser is very frustrating.
crazy useful. i manage the financials for three different companies with offices all over the us, and find that quickbooks is extremely useful for tracking sales, invoicing onsite, holding multiple accounts for each business, and integrating all my pos and sales gateways.
. great software. i think very soon, it will change the way people maintain books
". constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
great product. please please don't stop the mobile app
bitch ur fucked. all over culiacan and the net
don’t use this with an ipad.. bought this app and was unable to get it to work with an ipad. 4 hours on the phone with this company and still no success. they charged me and told me to get my money back through apple. there is an open known problem being worked on their end but user’s beware. you won’t find out until you’ve paid.
good resource. i will update this as i see necessary, haven't made a customer service call yet. but overall the navigation is something to get used to because it's very in depth and many details that you would expect are included with the software.
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
. can't even use app from tablet
great. it will make things easier, just wish i had a place to put in mileage
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
freezes. freezes when saving a new client. app is useless.
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
quickbooks. quickbooks has been absolutely amazing overall. main issue is customer service and their ability to provide customer support for the app. i was required to ph 3 different numbers, one being out of service. once i finally spoke to csr he was extremely friendly but did state they haven’t been provided proper training to assist with app related issues but would do his best to help. i would upgrade to 4 or 5 stars if they provide a user friendly option for support.
. this app keeps getting error loading items, to invoice and estimates can't use it. i call them for support and they have no support they referred me to log in on the web site and the same happens the search button flashes and dispensers. don't waste your time and money. if any one know about a good and reliable app let me know. this one is not reliable nor is their support.
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me. still good!
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
no mileage tracking. false advertising. the mileage tracking screen shot is from the self employed app, not the small business app
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
. i use this app while i had my quickbooks trial, and it seemed to be working fine. the minute i subscribed, the app stopped working properly. i emailed support, no one seems to be answering my questions, and when i phone the customer service, they don't know how to help with the app. i'm stuck and ready to cancel the whole thing.
quickbooks fanatic. loving using quickbooks for my diesel mechanic business keeps all my files invoices in order... highly recommend this application gotta love it
app glitch. other than the recent app glitch all is good.
useless. useless for monitoring company. need access to pl and other data
. excellent app. gives compete access.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
. this app sucks. it has stopped working and often displays incorrect information. it's super annoying. only the desktop works.
. love this app
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
garbage. app stinks
gets the job done!. i can make transaction entries on the move. i really enjoy this app.
incomplete. well laid out and functional. without banking though it's not as useful as i'd like.
needs some work. this app is good but needs more work. error message kept popping up while working in it. some tasks are missing like entering bills. can't find sign out button or switch to a different company.
great app!. help you keep track of your business records.
. please make a simple way of uploading a photo to an invoice (instead of through create note option).
. hands down the worst customer service system i've ever dealt with. not once have i called that i wasn't on hold for 15 minutes to then have the person transfer me to someone else because they couldn't help me. i'm currently having the money taken from my account but am being told my account doesn't exist and i have to sign up for a new one.
works like it should. the app works like you would expect it to and i have nothing but good things to say about quickbooks support!
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
horrible (the website version too). so obviously not developed or supported by anyone with any accounting knowledge as this is the least functional program i have ever seen.
. easy and simple to use!would recomend it!
application bug. depuis la mise a jours de ios 13 je ne suis plus capable de facturer mes clients . j’espère qu’il va avoir un correctif rapidement merci
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
. very user friendly and accessible
. not the smoothest running game app
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
awesome app.. make business on the run fast secure and simple. thanks quickbooks
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
. app freezes and crashes several times a day. the photo receipt scan feature is probably the biggest culprit. even simple things like updating my business contact information yields an error message which is usually followed by a crash. the mac version of qbo isn't any better. similar issues there. very clunky, buggy applications. too much time spent troubleshooting. time for an alternative.
good app. very useful
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
not enough!. this app does not have the functionality that qbo has. therefore, useless. if we can't use the ipads in the store, what use is the app? 1. can't enter an invoice with the details 2. can't enter a vendor bill and do splits. 3. can't put payments in undeposited funds. 4. yep, useless.
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
. not worth the cost but it does track expenses.
bugs!. so many bugs with this! i just rated it before and it’s popped up again asking me to rate. and i could go into so much more, however i’m only using this until next year. it’s shocking. i have just sent 3 invoices, the clients have received them, but they are not showing up in the app.
. great app for business!
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
poor service, poor quality product. this product is the worst i have had to deal with. service is non existent, the app is constantly in errors, backing up is slow, the system does manual and not by the operator, everytime the + symbol is used it closes the app. my accountant doesn’t even like the system. i have loaded, unloaded and reloaded the app so many times it’s no longer a joke. quick books tells me they fixed the fault, like never.
. great app
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
fantastic app with room for improvement. this is a really great app allowing you to perform your data entry while on the move. however, i really wish u could of saved your electronic signature and that it was available for the web app. the bills feature is also missing from the mobile app.
inventory & stock control. where do i find the inventory & stock control feature to invoice stock to the customer! is there a warehouse feature because my stock is also kept in different locations!
"can't add unit with quality and rate in invoice. online version does not allow customisation of fields. invoice doesn't show ""unit"" with quantity and rate as a result invoice are unusable in real world. hope developer address these issue at priority before we users move to other applications."
. it's been awesome giving estimate 's on the fly.
. not a bad app
. with the new update my other user can't track miles when i rely on him to do it, completely useless update that changed the user settings.
the recent update fixed the problems!. this app seems to be back to normal! 😄 qb online works great for working on the field and being mobile! 😊
. great customers support
not reliable. is not reliable. not a replacement for desktop app or web based qb online. different icons, different navigation, missing tools reports and features. data does not reliably import into app from accounts.
quickbooks saves me time & money. this app has streamlined my business as i am always on the go. its easy, efficient and powerful! still missing critical features in international version such as online paypal payments
. app is nice but it stops automatically some times
"about 710. not bad but not good. the app keeps requiring updates if used on apple products. not an issue but the updates never appear. quickbooks blames apple and apple blame quickbooks. we ""updated to the cloud version"" from a pcm based quickbooks. so far we are very very disappointed."
great app really does work for my business. really easy to do my accounts and invoices.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
problems. when it works it's good. have to sign out and back in or it crashes when customers need to be entered, along with other options.
great app!!!. keeps me up to date when i'm out of the office and very user friendly.
. very useful software all customers use
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
. i'm on the go a lot and being able to access qb online from my mobile lets me access and do things quickly and efficiently. i'm able to create invoices and see who owes me money. it's great
no bills. has great functions except cannot enter billsinvoices from vendors.
user friendly but i will have to start from scratch. there is no way i can pull my two years history from my online account. the customers and vendors are not available either. not useful without importing all that data.
outstanding. love it
scanning receipt yet to be as effective.. i was using neat desk for scanning and it captures all bills. if quick book cannimprove receipt scanning for cab and other bills it will be wonderful.
it's only a trial. this looks brilliant until you've set up the account only to find out that it's a 30 trial. by that time they've got your email. well done them. clever!! immediately deleted
aplicación útil y práctica. el uso de la aplicación es fácil e intuitivo y permite controlar casi todas las funciones de la versión web. en mi opinión lo único que falta es la capacidad de hacer tareas offline. esto sería de gran ayuda para avanzar el trabajo cuando estás sin conexión (en un avión por ejemplo) y también es importante que se amplíe la posibilidad de conectar con más bancos, el mío no está disponible ahora y eso es una carga de trabajo extra. enhorabuena
. awesome app for small or big business owners that have a lot of paperwork customers etc
user role permission not supported. custom user role not supported on ipad. quickbooks recommends you to use online but the invoice interface is “blowout from screen” in chrome and safari and no available signature from customer. its annoying to use it online. this happens, at least, when the user have custom role, just permission for sales for instance.
great product. great for any small startup or established business. gives you the tools to keep up with the income and expenses for taxes. pay bills and payroll quickly and efficiently.
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
. there's no option to cancel my subscription
greatest app ever. i love the “capture receipt” feature. makes life a whole lot easier.
. great but sometimes invoices lock with the inability to edit unless opened with a different device.
now i can’t update banking feed.. all of a sudden i’m getting error 9999 when i tried to update banking feed.
. makes running my business so much easier
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
easily the worst app on ios. this is the single worst and buggiest app on the app store. it is buggy, gives random permissions errors, and generally fails to get the job done.
. great program for keeping track of your expenses and income.
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
crashes. upgraded to ios 10, now app will no open.
. love this app, it has come a long way. thank you quickbooks for making life easier.
. with the newest update cannot reliably attach receipts! although a long time user, will be unsubscribing soon if not corrected.
. this app doesn't allow me to add expenses. please fix it. thank you.
absolutely great  speechless. i can't believe that qb has gone this forward in app. really impressed with the features specially reconciling bank through app. what a great feature. very efficient  100% from me.
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
. tried again 1 year later and customer service is a screwed up and uninformed as ever... quickbooks online is great as long as you never have a bug or issue that requires you to actually talk to someone... you were warned.....
. i have updated my review. quickbooks has made some great changes and improvements. they still have a few to go. but definitely on the right track. i have also had to contact customer service and they were super helpful. thank you quickbooks you have changed my mind and made this a great app. definitely recommend!!!!
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
. not able to switch between companies using app followed instructions from developer which did not exist in app. faq site link doesn't exist.
works good. easy to use.. it's really easy to file expenses with this. that's all i really need a mobile accounting app for.
sssloooow so very slow. latest update takes forever to load splash screen about 8 seconds then face id happens fast then loading data: no problems. just takes for ever on the front side to get going.
". this app is trash, has me very upset won't let me add a bank account just keeps saying ""hmm connection error"". this is bs i just signed up for this service and won't let me connect your app sucks and most likely will seek a refund. have tried wifi, mobile, what the funk, not quick in my opinion..."
does what it should. i have being using it for a year and it really does what it should. i get my banking done and it thing is great when exporting to my account.
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
lagging after update. i just updated the app it is lagging on both my i pads.
the best way to manage business. i love it and i can control how i ran the business easy and fast way to keep track of my expenses and income
missing functionality  registers updated. the app itself is pretty clean and easy to use. however it is missing some important functionality, namely registers. there is no access to your bank or credit card registers, or to check their respective balances... for a financial application, this is a major missing piece. here's hoping this will be added soon. update: this has been fixed. now waiting for making deposits...
not accurate. even after the most recent update the app still dose not accurately reflect my qbo account. all information on vended and clients are not up to date. this had been an ongoing issue for more than a year now. i keep hoping with every update this will be correct, but nothing yet.
couldn't ask for more. vary good app with great integration with cloud web service. i have been using this app along with desktop cloud version with my business for little more then a year now and find it vary useful and the app tops it off being on the road with no access to computer as long as they continue to upgrade and offer quickbooks online with app i will subscribe
not bad. could use improvements but will get by in a pinch when you don't have access to your main computer. 82317 update 1 year later..... my review stands. too many things you can't do compared to full version on my desktop mac computer.
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
can't update credit card. i don't have access to a computer with chrome, they don't support ie 8 anymore so i can't update my credit card. so i download the app to see that my account is suspended due to wrong expiration date on my credit card but you can't update in the app. this blows and is useless
cant wait for more transactions so i can use the app again.. so easy to use. i look forward to using it again and again.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent"
four leaf hvac. love the app. makes my life a lot easier.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
no pos. doesn't allow you to create pos. takes out functionality available on the full online version.
. it's a great app. i use it all the time with my company. very efficient, and easy to navigate. automatically logs out so no one else can get access to it ( logs out after being in active for a certain amount of time). making banking, estimate invoice, and employees records very easy to keep track of. also love that i can store customers an accept payment online also. only downside sometimes it can be slow but other than that it's outstanding
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
. sometimes an app or service gets worse with time. this is one of them. it is stupidly expensive and incredibly unintuitive. please fix the random sign in and sales receipt bug and improve the ui or i will find another product.
awesome app. as a small business owner i'm constantly on the go. this app is amazing. with very little effort i can quickly add a new client create an invoice and get paid how i want.
only problem. i have a few problems the app is very slow when editing email address in the send invoice i don’t see a few things that i’d like  discounts for example no way to customize message to different customers most of this is pretty minor biggest issue is reconciliation of books at end of year
. app will not connect. says experiencing technical difficulties. this has been happening for a week.
almost great. this app would be better if it had a little more functionality. i would love to be able to upload photos to invoices or even send an invoice from the app. i find myself not really using the app very much because it does not have full functionality. it would be nice if qb could mirror their web based app.
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
better for bigger companies. using for 18 months and i like it but won't even give me basic pos things like total quantity unless i upgrade to $40 per month. who in god's name can afford that? not easy to do bigger orders either, i have to write them down 1st then go back to computer at office! not cool!
owneroperator. enjoy app. helps me keep updated when away from my desktop
doesn’t work. i have an iphone 8 and all of a sudden this app stops working. i call quickbooks and they can’t fix it. they closed the case in one day. don’t walk away from this company, run away.
still can’t upload images for receipts. still can’t upload images for receipts
president. simple to use and effective in support of operational accounting.
inferior to qb online on desktop. qb app on ipad or android does not not have even half of the features that qb online has on a desktop. i can manage basic invoicing, basic expenses, see transactions, and pull up basic reports... everything about this app is basic. i have to actually be on my desktop to access the full features of qb online. very dissapointed.
the software has been a nightmare recently using iphone and ipad keeps saying i haven't paid. i've written to emails and had absolutely no response to either no refunds either because i can't get the software to work unless i'm in mice studios on my laptop which is being fixed currently i won't be with me for the next four weeks so how i'm supposed to do any invoicing i have no idea this is absolutely ridiculous use sage...
business owner. used desktop for years and now after switching to imac and iphones this app is perfect and couldn't be easier. recommend this to anyone looking for an accounting app.
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
vendor and po. need to add vendors and orders to the app
. quick books is a wonderful and helpful program. when i have questions i am assisted by technical support team.
it works ok. using this app for serval years now. mainly i’m bothered by the small glitches and performance of the app, not so much quickbooks. every so often a new annoyance will pop up.
. i have this quick books and pay outrageous monthly for the worst service specially the mobile app. have called them so many times but all they care about is to collect. just waste of time and no help. i wish i could take my customer list and go to another co. does anyone know any co. better?
. great app i pretty much run my company from my phone.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
cant connect !!!. cannot use my account , fix it please !
good app. very detailed , im no pro @ accounting but i am teaching myself this app. its very in depth and i like it.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
michael a. plouffe, jr.  business development. i love it! so far, no issues. just a matter of learning how to use the many tools to my advantage! once as a company we get it down, sky is the limit! allowing my job to be much easier, organized and with an accurate customer data base! michael a. plouffe, jr. head of business development premier sealcoating & line striping inc. sealerseller@gmail.com www.premiersealcoatingma.com
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
jan 2019 update is a fail. i’m a daily  hourly user. the january 2019 update won’t keep me logged in. after about 90 seconds i get an error message and get logged out.
. no problems. real time bookkeeping
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
. app is not working in india
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up! one more star for a stronger search engine, can't find invoices by number or customers by address
. i'm an owner operator in the trucking industry n i'm new at this so i have one question.witch qb is better for wat i do qb accounting:invoicing n expenses or qb self employed:mileage tracker n taxes
questionable developers and qa. don’t bother with this app. more time updating this weekly with version changes and bug fixes... jokers edit; 29th nov 2019  this continues  just look at the version history log on the app...
this app makes billing so much easier, which gives me more time for other tasks.. it is a must have for small business owners, especially new ones.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
latest update crashing on iphone 7. app crashes 2sec after being turned on on iphone7. restarted phone, no luck
. love the app. really helps making estimates and sending email to customers. it can also keep up with profit and loss but i haven't been using it. habit of doing it myself
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
terrible app. keeps crashing. keeps dumping you out telling you that “critical updates “ and must login again. try to login and  am a very longtime customer  it tells you your company is nonexistent. ba humbug. complain to intuit and they say use a “supported” device. in other words: don’t use the app. time to find software other than quick books.
mac's tint. just started with quickbooks, so far so good 😊👍
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
it's not signing in. it says error all the time... pls help me on this
. very handy makes office life so much easier when having to do things on the run
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software. update: this was a problem they had seen and were working on. they fixed it and informed me of the fix a few hours later. working now.
. the best app.
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes. in response to the developer: it seems i have to reinstall it every day just to get it work. i have been doing this fix for a long time and it still does not resolve the locking up or crashing problem.
. great app, simple to use ... a business can't move past a certain point without a reliable payment and invoice tracking system .... quick books delivers and is constantly improving ... highly recommended!!
categorize expense. useful. would be better if it can scan the photo and also categorize expenses.
so glitchy!! 😡. quickbooks has the potential to be great. but this app is so, so glitchy! have constant problems with it and i'm really getting to the point of giving up and going back to sage. every time a problem is sorted, a new one pops straight back up. if they could employ some decent tech guys and get things working properly, this would be brilliant.
. nice accounting apps.. very usefull..
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
good, not great.. quickbooks online can do everything i need it to do. but i have trouble getting invoices, quotes and expenses saved to the cloud. it's annoying and aggravating to be waiting for things to upload. if the cloud sync thing worked seamlessly, then it's a 55 for sure.
. good experience
. you should make the interface exactly the same as the desktop version. we don't mind paying more for online, knowing that we constantly get updates, and logon capabilityfrom any computer and can have the online backups. but having the desktop vs online being totally different and opposite from eachother is annoying. i will give 5 stars when this changes.
buyer beware crash instantly on iphone 6. this app works sometimes but it will instantly crash and doesn't operate properly on my iphone 6 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work properly. why don't you guys fix this? also, it annoyingly downloads company info every time you open it which takes what seems like hours. i have a very small landscape business. should this be the case? come on intuit! get your act together
. works great and any issues have been worked out mostly. i do wish i could see all my customer history though!!!!!!!
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
won't open. i use this app daily and now it won't open! please fix this!
organization. finally found a way to do things faster and keep me organized!! with qb app i can easily go into my account and make an invoice, pay a bill, and add my deposits as soon as i do them without waiting until i'm in my office to do everything.
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
"fees on fees. while the app itself works and is fairly handy, i strongly advise against quickbooks as a company. i signed on as a business owner for $6.95 a month and was immediately slapped with over $100 in fees hidden in ""fine print"". worse is the utter inability to get any customer support from intuit. i canceled my subscription and despite already paying for the month, lost access immediately and lost all of my records. then i got billed again. stay away."
. good app !
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
poor. if you write a review and the nickname is taken you have to start all over again. app is very limited and web version has problems with ipad pro
very helpful. the app has let me cut down on paper records quite a bit. there's more functionality online than the app has which i didnt discover until 4 months of use. overall it`s proven helpful though.
. great customers support
can't even start the program. i use quickbooks online. when i saw the app, i was excited. i cannot even get past the login screen as it continuously tells me that i have no internet connection (even though i do). if i can't login, the app is useless.
. makes sending and tracking invoices simple.
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
qb app. not useful as it could be as you can't enter a bill! not being able to enter a bill makes it useless to work from an ipad or tablet device.
sweet. app is so easy and convenient! greatest thing about it is that it synchronizes with square so i don't have to worry about writing anything down anymore again. the snap is such a great convenience!
missing time activities feature. this app is pretty good for the most part, however, it is missing the time activities feature like on the browser based software. please add this feature!!
. won't sync, only shows some of my invoices. am i doing something wrong or ???🤔
. best app i've ever used for my small business and i've tried others out there in this was probably one of the best.
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
. this app keeps getting error loading items, to invoice and estimates can't use it. i call them for support and they have no support they referred me to log in on the web site and the same happens the search button flashes and dispensers. don't waste your time and money. if any one know about a good and reliable app let me know. this one is not reliable nor is their support.
. this app is one of the most important tools for my business.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
. you can use this app for small business
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
. i personally had a bad experience with customer they could not or would not a simple question instead kept referring me to tutorials which did not answer the question
amazing. this app is great men, u should try it...
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
. i have had this app on my phone for years. i tried opening it and i was told to update the app. so i did. now it will not open. it just keeps telling me to update. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it still does not work. my business is important and this makes me very mad
great product. i used the desktop version for windows for years and love it but with this it is so much easier and faster and i'm in love with the online version!!!!!
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
no security with ios 13.0 update.. nice to have the app working again .. too bad it opens without the required password. shoddy update.
very helpful. i just started my free trial and this is such a great tool for me on the go.
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
. useless. android app does not support in india
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, dient handel banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
problem. please update the quick book we are not able use from india..
. after eading all the problems and seeing 90% of the reviews being 1 star im going to save a headache on this scam app should be taken off the market or sued for false advertising and costing people thousands of dollars. all the responses from support sound like they are prewritten for the complaints. please take app off the market and quit ruing the admin side of peoples hard work to start a business.
so efficient. love this software, especially the app!
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
. have had an issue with sending invoices through my app for the last 3 days. even after several calls and emails no one can tell me when this will be rectified. poor support and unorganized for such a large company.
i love it!. best app to use if you are constantly on the go.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
struggle. guys i've been struggling to log in onto this app from my galaxy s6 for several weeks now, i'm considering switching to another provider. please fix this bug. ive tried for hours at a time, everytime it asks me if i am a robot, but it never logs in just hours of saying signign in. the whole point of having this app is being able to do stuff on the go and right now thats not working...
. great functionality for an app
ios 13. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please. thank you all fixed now
login error. upgraded to an s7 and cannot login. i need the mobile app for my business!
3 stars. doesn't do everything i would like it to do but overall pleased with this app.
review. happy with qb is working for me just need to work out how to link my bank in and do my accounts on it this should be simple but l am no wizard on tec. the code that l am ask for from my bank is not linking and not sure why. but so fare it's good.
very glitchy. i like the features... when they work. i often open the app to a black screen and have to shut down my phone in order to get it working again. please have this fixed. it happens at least once a week.
very helpful. haven't had any problems with this.
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
app is crap. the quickbooks app very rarely lets us sign in and when it does many of the functions do not work. i’ve contacted customer service which is a complete joke. their suggestion was to check out the message board to see who else may have the problem we have! why? how about fix the problem!
easy to use. great app! gives me most things i need to know on the go. however, i wish it would show me revenueexpense charts.
. this is no longer working at all for me. i can't even log in. it was working fine until this weekend. something has changed. intuit need to fix this.
cannot find anything useful in the app. how do i display a report of unpaid bills? far too limited to be of any use.
all of my clients love it!. the ease of use is fantastic. i love that i can quickly load multiple accounts. the qbo app makes my job so much easier because my clients love tracking expenses and sending invoices on the go!
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
. app takes forever to load on my one plus 5t. will not load banking feed to organize payment catagories. man, for how much we pay for this service, you would think it would have a rocking app....
if you’re serious about your business.... if you’re serious about being a business person in the modern era, get familiar with quickbooks and other intuit products. well worth the subscription.
. it's good but could be better. limited functionalities on the mobile app.
won’t interface to bank any more. after several months since my bank kicked qb out of accessing my bank account for reconciling, the problem still remains. accessing my bank account and reconciling all transactions over my iphone was my number one reason to use qb. still disappointed. i have to pay a bookkeeper to do my books with qb now. why can xero have bank access but qb can’t sort itself out after several months !
. this app is eady to use and keep all my business expenses in one place!
. interface not good compared to the ios version.
crashes on open. useful app until this update. it crashes on open, both on ipad and iphone. cannot do business this way...
makes life easy. haven't worked through 100% of the app but as of right now it has made accounting world easier. especially keeping up to date with bank account reconciliation.
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
nice, but naughty. i am writing this review at christmas, that explains the headline :) this app used to be awesome. now i get a lot of can not connect to data or can not refresh data even after multiple refreshes. hope they fix it
works great. good app. works great on the road for creating fast invoices on site. great companion app for quick books am dos fully functional.
functional with problems. the latest update took away the ability to choose territory in the app even though using a web browser does. i contacted intuit to report the problem. very nice but nothing has been done to fix it. also, common reports aren't available in the app.
. words cannot express how unfriendly this platform and interface is. both on app and desktop. nothing is plain and simple, switching back to invoice2go as i've been trying to create an estimate for over 6 hrs here and it takes me 5 mins on invoice2go
should of bought it ages ago. such an easy to use app and system, back up support were quick precise and friendly. well done quick books
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
. can't view emails that it sends, it doesn't track when reminders are sent on past due invoices, you can not offer multiple terms (i.e. invoice net 30 but offer a net 15 discount if they pay early). tech support wait times are extensive (40 min on one call, 20 min on a chat). all that and it's expensive.
actually makes accounting a little bit fun. i absolutely love the way this app allows me to record, photograph and categorise expenses from receipts. so easy that it actually is fun. delighted that i can get rid of all this paper!
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
crashes, isn't sign in. stock nexus 5x. app won't sign in, hangs, now crashes every time.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
. really slow compared to desktop
. does not work well with android. the keyboard covers the buttons which kept me stuck when creating an invoice. invoices cannot be sorted by invoice numbers. why?!
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
very good and getting better!. qbo has been a great addition to our company and has many great features over qb desktop. there are some bugs to work out but i'm very happy so far with the online application.
zero stars. it really surprises me that a big company like intuitquickbooks couldn’t come up with something that worked. the app is almost completely useless. i installed it, tried to do some basic stuff on it and couldn’t so i deleted it. please intuit you have to have someone that can build you a better app!!
it's really nice. thanks
not working after ios13 update. updated to apples latest software and this app stopped working
. horrendous software. awkward to use, not intuitive. massive outage when i have a ton of work to get done for my client's vat return.
. love this app. making work so much easier. & reminds me of what needs paying & when someone hasn't paid. making the company alot more up to date & finally in the 21st century!
mr. recent updates have slowed both the phone and computer app to a crawl. very frustrating. otherwise a very good app on my phone.
can not even create account. i am from indonesia. please create apps that apply internationally
simply amazing for the newbie!!. as a sole trader, i am so impressed at how simple this product is to use!! it has saved my bacon on a number of occasions!! collating reports at an instant!! not to mention looking professional to my clients every time i send an invoice !! highly recommend this to anyone wanting to commence on the journey of being your own boss!! what a game changer indeed!
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
. bad app
. very happy with it.
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
useless for sure. qbo is useless. can’t login with google account. forces me to create a newseparate password. can’t really access qbo via a browser on ipad. overall terrible experience. i’m sure it’s equally apple and qbo fault.
. great app. i love it
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
can't even start the program. i use quickbooks online. when i saw the app, i was excited. i cannot even get past the login screen as it continuously tells me that i have no internet connection (even though i do). if i can't login, the app is useless.
very easy to hand on. cloud solution made bookkeeping much easier
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
. crashes every time. hasn't opened successfully once. tried reinstalling and restarting tablet.
. making my life so much easier!
app glitch. other than the recent app glitch all is good.
app will not open after update. app will not open on my iphone, making it impossible to input expenses and worse still accept payment on jobs!
best addition for any business on the go!. the free trial was amazing. my favorite part is having the ability to send invoices. while setting up my merchant services, customer support was kind and easy to work with. now it's easier to bill my clients from my phone. i track everything. get the quickbooks app. you won't regret it!
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
gerald. tax . tax here applied is actually confusing as only sales tax is taken into account. it's as if purchases or expenses are not taxed. if you need to claim tax on purchases or expenses doesn't show anything. it's as if i do it manually or. how do i import quickbook intuit into quickbooks online. or why not merge some features in intuit to online. it's not only as you say to do invoice as you go but you can't account for your taxes.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
nice tool. i like this tool a lot but it could use more links. you need to add the ability to add to the time sheet service. i upgraded to use that on all my business phones on the field and low and behold support lied to me and said it was possible. so i upgraded and guess what it's not in the app.
very unintuitive. is hard to tell which expenses are finalized which ones aren't. it's just not a very friendly interface.
. fantastic software
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
predatory data collection. the app wouldn’t allow me to accept payment without my giving it geo location. why do you need it, other than to use it in ways completely unrelated to my bookkeeping? the app was already near useless. good bye qb app!
. using technology to make life simple again !
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
. trash app. havent been able to sign in for the last 2 months
. great app
. it will not show proper reports when there is multiples companies in a login (this problem is only on my android phone)
do not update. i updated 5 minutes ago and already very glitchy with problems!
simply, beautifully... brilliant. i've no need to log in via the laptop until the end of the month... the fact that i can capture, create but also review my expenses, my p&l and notes is simply brilliant.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
app crashes. since the recent update i can't get past the login page before the app crashes. makes doing work harder. what's next?
good, getting better. not all of the functionality that i want but features are being added. very useful for seeing what's happening.
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
crashes on ipad3. i have never had a problem with the quickbooks app until this update. it crashes and will not open on my ipad 3.
. problems with poor follow up i had problems with this app send support email and they don't follow up
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
. the biggest reason i use quickbooks is to see how much inventory i have. can't do that on the phone app what's the point of having it!
. if you have to write off expenses for your business like meals, travel ect.....get this app now!!!! very simple and user friendly.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
. they just did a huge update and didn't change any of the items i'm having problems with. the app is useless to me with line items abbreviated. how do i know what i'm entering?
i recommend for on the go companies. i have been using the app for a year and it has work great for me no downtime and easy access on my phone. great app!
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
login will not allow me to paste my password. i use quickbooks online, so i use a very strong password that is stored in an app (1password). it would be extremely annoying to hand type a 25 character random password into this app. and i'm unwilling to compromise my security for my online financial data. therefore this app is totally useless to me.
. great app for my business, and very simple for first timers
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
why don't have auto feel?. outo sense is not working.pick your item from product list (lose time) it's difficult to use online app. they have to make better like invoice2go
. great for me. the ipad and android versions are awesome for on the go.
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
. very disappointed, missing 6 months of transactions from my bank, tried to fix it as i was instructed to but couldn't, you can't get someone to speak to, no customer service. big joke, i don't recommend it to anyone
very easy to use, and company responds to queries and requests. i have used this app for 4 months now and find it is constantly improving and great to use
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
the worst customer service ever. don’t waist your time. trust my word. update. i’m paying for 3 of the same app now and still can’t get any help.
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
pool guy. quickbooks forced me to update from our quickbooks mobile windows invoicing system to quickbooks mobile with only five days notice. this was very poorly planned by quickbooks and put us in a bind. however the new quickbooks mobile online system is truly fantastic and offers many more powerful features and ease of accessibility. recommendation: this app needs the ability to create a monthly statement that i can email from my phone to my customers. currently i can only do this from a laptop.
missing functionality. reliable app but authentication is too slow. also some features aren't available. i sometimes just use the web app through the browser to access those features.
we need an update for iphone x. we need an update for iphone x. in addition, we need the function to add cc recipient when sending out quotes or invoices. other than those 2 things, it is good.
. i am doing my husband's billing for his company, since it was taking so much of his time. since this not my 'real' job, this app makes it easy do billing and record payments from any device at any time. thank you!
setup. it's too hard to set up the payroll using locations. there has to be a better way.
great program. i use quickbooks on a daily basis, would recommend to any small business.
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
. this app doesn't allow me to sign in, so it's been useless.
. best app for accounting purpose
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
excellent product! saved my life!!!. saves so much time and stress!!!!!!!!!
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
. very poor and limited app. information displayed is quite different from the web view. i only want to see one thing  supplier invoices and outstanding balances and this app doesn't show them.
. help me alot
. it's a decent app. not quite a full model with some basics left out. also, they need to make it available for kindle.
how bad????. i would love to write a review, but as i've been trying to get this app to log in to my online account for 5 months now it's going to be a little difficult. but not as difficult as trying to get any customer support for this app. i could write a whole book on how impossible that is. so so disappointed. no help with this problem what so ever. frustrated!!!!!
excellent app. couldnt ask for more! all my paperwork centralised in my pocket!
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
pointless. useless app. can’t even see any supplier invoices etc. what is the point of having the app if you can’t work fully on the go!?
magnifico. aplicativo e software excelente! vale muito o investimento!
worth it could be improved. works well, my only complaint is different functions are available or not available depending on how you access quickbooks. can be a little frustrating when i need to send an account statement and have to do it from a pc as that option seems to be absent on iphone and ipad access. better than my other invoice options by far worth using for sure.
. how long has this app been out and it still doesn't work? i can update my bank feeds just fine on the website and pc version but the android app always errors out. clearing cache or reinstalling won't help. i get the same error on my phone and tablet. on my other tablet it just crashes to home screen completely. why am i paying for this again??
. love this app. makes tax time so much easier. couldn't be much happier.
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
no recurring transactions. why the hell would you make an app if it can't do any thing but read. i want to edit recurring transactions; edit and send invoices; and see every report. this is absolutely stupid, just sign in from a browser.
great flow. easy to use. quick reference. great app!
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
company owner. you can't go in an manage users unless you have a desktop version that's just not acceptable i have an ipad pro cost 3times what my computer cost it better get fixed or i am gone.very disappointed. also customer service can't help either rg
brilliant. brilliant app keeps my business in order
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
. i used to be able to pull reports (profit & loss and balance sheet). that feature seems to no longer be available on the latest app version. i don't know why they would remove such an important feature. it would be nice to run other reports as well.
"enjoying quickbooks online. easy to use interface and they are frequently updating features. my only complaint is that sometimes when searching for sent invoices it won't recognize, for example 74, when it's ""invoice 2015074"""
. app is nice but it stops automatically some times
crashes a lot. generally works okay, but crashes a lot on a 256gb ipad pro. you have to continually save your work to keep from losing everything every few minutes.
easy and interlink. quick book is easy to use and able to interlink between my office pc with smart phone, ipad as well as bank accounts. it is making our accounting procedures easy.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
app is not functional. the app is keep crushing on iphone xs max every time you i want to create new invoice. billion dollar company but cannot fix bugs for a few months already, its embarrassing.
easy. extremely easy to use
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
. if you have a card associated with your phone.......... the free trial will automatically charge you!!!!! and ........... the is no real way of deleting your account!!!!!!!! i've called, chatted, went into google play & can't do it from there either. when you call, if there was no card added to the account, that still doesn't mean that your card won't be charged thru the card on your google account!!!!!!!!
. simple and easy, useful for quick invoicing on the go.
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
. takes a extremely long time to refresh if it even does in the end it's a miracle. needs work. not reliable
. great app. can be used on the go as well so very convenient.
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
. the app works good.....when it works. but it freezes often......and when theres a technical issue it takes 45 days for them to resolve the issue. wasnt what i expected at all from quickbooks.
. great app easy to use if your familiar with apps
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
crashes all the time and there’s no way to ask for help.. this app crashes every time i update my iphone, even when i update the app. don’t even bother trying to contact qb about it, they’ll tell you to uninstall and reinstall (like you don’t know) and then that’s about the extent of their support.
. i use this it's very useful and cost effective
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
lacking. app is seriously lacking in functionality. don’t buy quickbooks online unless you plan to do most of your work from a desktop. kind of defeats the purpose. way overpriced and they keep raising the price too :( wish i had stuck with the quickbooks pro platform.
time saver. i highly recommend this app, specially for small business. quick, easy and in combination with service m8 it's all i need.
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
. baixei o app porém, a propaganda e 13,99 nos primeiros 12 meses, quando vou comprar o valor passa a ser de 48,99, gostaria de saber k por que? propaganda enganosa de valor realmente ou é erro no app?
quick book on line wonderfull!. excellent product which works well for my small business. great customer support who have helped me learned about accounting processes in quick books.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
still waiting for receipt feature to work. i have made multiple inquiries about the receipt expense feature not working and they haven't even responded let alone fixed the issue. this has been happening for over a year.
great app. the app is easier to use than the online version on a laptop. well done.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
not compatible with my lg g4 phone. i bought new lg g4 and installed the app on it, once i try to sign in the app crashes , i sent email to customer service and it has been three months since then, they keep saying we are trying to solve the issue, worst customer service ever.
superb app. i'm an electrician and run my entire business on this app it's makes my life so easy :)
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
. as stated on my previous review,, i have tried every method including the ones quickbooks suggest and i still cannot find an unsubscribe button anywhere, this is very frustrating and ironic in the fact this app is ment to save you time, i spent half a day trying to unsubscribe to this with still no joy , last result to phone the number which does not work over a weekend.
great app. easy to use
timed out....... worked for 2 hours on typing big estimate, session timed out, lost everything, how is this able to happen? we send people to the moon in 1969 yet we can’t safeguardprevent this app from wasting hard work and precious time. it’s the first time i thought i could throw my ipad into the next county. fix this stupidity
no bill?. come on, we can do all things with expense and nothing with bills? bills are the big part of our business expenses from our vendors. they are not even added to the total expense on the summary dashboard, how can we really tell how our business is doing when a big chunk of cost not appearing? please include the ability to enterviewedit bills asap.
. easy to operate and great functionality
features are good but i always found bugs. errors everywhere
quickbooks online is a nightmare!. big mistake. if you are considering quickbooks online talk to some bookkeepers first or you may find yourself doing the books because so many of them refuse to work with the online version. once you upload your data to the online version there is no way of downloading the data to go back to regular quickbooks! as for the app, well it's as frustrating as as the online program.
. excellent and easy to use accounting program, you can do almost everything on your phone or tablet, lots of great features.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
. you suck!!! i hate you guys!!!! you need a support phone number!!!!!
i gotta say. i'm very impressed. it works perfectly with all the support needed.
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
not a user friendly apps. not flexible
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
great app... needs some work.. there’s no way to record a sale without attaching a customer to it. also, there’s really not a place in the app to keep a ledger. if it had these 2 things, it would get 5 stars from me, but as it stands i give it 4.
great service. login problems.. live this service. just got a new phone (note 4). cannot login. i get emailpassword error. i've reset my password several times and can login online just fine.
. great app... easy to use
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
simple things just don’t work in this app.. now i can’t copy my password from my password safe into the quickbooks login. this means i will have to use a simple easy to use and less secure password. also, there is no way to enter check numbers into the bank transactions. this works fine on a mac and online but not in the ipad app. these simple problems make the ipad app almost useless.
. great app to keep working on the go.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
used to work. are you ever going to fix the ap
online. online is really user friendly and the app is a bonus
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
avoid like the plague!. app doesn't work, says trial expired. customer support are unhelpful and have no idea when it will be fixed. we have a years worth of books on this and now we need to find new software  we've been in business for more than 26 years and have never known service like this. seriously, find another solution. this is not the software you are looking for.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
. update: no longer freezes but is now saving estimates and invoices multiple time and showing 70k extra in income from invoices and bank deposits which it's now not allowing us to match payments with invoices so our only current option is to delete all duplicate payments and have customers outstanding balances until this is fixed
a whole new level of deluxe. this has taken our construction company to the next level. the reporting, receipt feature and ease of use has made it simple to track p and l of each job
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. the update sucks
mr. o'neal. great program.
good except.... you can't *properly* enter expenses in the app. expenses cannot be linked to the costs you've already set up, like price per mile for travel, but instead only entered as final price.
could be better. it doesnt give you an option to enter a vendors bill on the app, its not convent to aways have to log onto a computer to enter a bill. you arent even able to review outstanding vendor bills etc on the mobil app
new to business and this is great. i have now completed my second year running my business and without a doubt i owe some of my success to quickbooks as i don't have an admin person it helps me manage things also creates the professional image i need. i prefer using the web platform but when i am on the go and making small purchases for clients i love to add the expenses to their invoice on my phone before i forget!
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app. please add bills to the mobile apps.
. updated app and its crashed. keeps telling me an update is available, click ok and google play just says open ?? i've literally just bought a subscription and already in the bit of free time i have, i cant even set the app up ??
love quickbooks app!!!. great app. allows me to conduct business while on the road when computer access it not possible.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
great software. thanks
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
great but…. this app won’t get more than two stars until i can enter a single time activity from my phone.
awesome. amazingly quick and efficient. very easy to learn how to use.
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
". often doesn't work. customer service tells me not to use the app, to access account from web browser. the numbers you get there may be undependable. don't trust it. the browser doesn't work with the phone. there only reason for quickbooks online is access while away from the computer. i often get the message,""check back in a few hours"". isn't that great when standing in front of a customer trying to write an invoice."
quickbooks is very refined. the app works great and is easy to use
please update. please update so it wont crash with ios9
help. the android app is very very slow it takes a long time to change a estimate to a invoice i have emailed support several times about the issue with no reply please speed it up.
. very nice shop, darin is very helpful
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
. awful. go through the web browser instead. the app doesn't connect frequently, saying the program is offline, but i can connect through the browser with no problems.
accounting on mobile. great set of features. like the expense tracker. wish it had a mileage tracker within. otherwise 5 stars.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
disaster to sign out. i happened to see this app and found it is interesting to scan invoices but turns to be that i have to be a “company” to use it and have to pay so much for it! so expensive!!!!!!
. great app, can generate invoice on the go and get paid!!!
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
please update. please update app or bring previous version constantly downloading customer data that takes forever and then get errors please fix quick
awesome i just need to learn to use it. its awesome i love it but im new to it so i have a little bit of trouble using some of the features but im sure i will get the hang of it with time n experience
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
. can generate and send invoices with the app which saves me a lot of time each week. love it
. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:) 23092019 i wish to ask, wether you can remove the function which not allowed to screenshot ? it is very frustrated when i need to inform my customer how much they owe. please !!!
unuseable. the developer disabled the ability to paste in your password. i cannot use an app that requires me to spend two minutes pecking in my 28digit password every time i want to use it! enable paste and i will give this app a try.
quickbooks updates. can you please tell us what changes your doing it would be nice to know
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
app glitches. i get an error message 6000 every time i try to add a customer, payment, or any new information. basically it's not functioning, i have to use the desktop version.
. slow load times but good overall
incomplete. well laid out and functional. without banking though it's not as useful as i'd like.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
we are using this with the construction side of our business and so far the customer service has been wonderful. there are things missing or not working but customer service had said they are working on getting them added or fixed. makes it really easy for our employees in the field to create invoices and send them to clients as well as receive payments. will change to five stars when missing components are added.
ok, room for improvement. quickbooks needs to build in a way to enter time via mobile devices. why have an app for quickbooks for mobile devices if you cannot enter your time in on the fly?
. seriously guys, this app is constantly updated, but still moves at a glacial pace and consistently crashes. get your business in order so we can keep ours in order!
highly recommend. i highly recommend this app. i run my business with quickbooks online and use this app daily. i use it to create estimates and invoices mostly but also look up look up costumers balances and run reports.
new to quickbooks. i decided to switch my established business from square to quickbooks and so far i have no complaints. it’s fairly easy to use. the only thing i’m currently waiting on is for my transactions to clear and be deposited which takes about a week since i’m new. should be a breeze after that.
the app needs work. the web based service is great, but the app needs work. the tool i need (journal entries) are not available through this app, so it's not very useful.
owner. useful for small business. able to use mobile app and coordinate with online.
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
"too many missing features. can't add time entries, even simple ones, have to pay (a lot) for a third party app. not acceptable for a single user company that doesn't sell products, only time that needs to be tracked. can't view current ""sales"" status of unbilled items. can't email myself receipts and have them automatically entered as expenses bank transactions that i've excluded keep showing up. again and again. i'd like to configure away unused modulesfunctions from the menu"
. great for beginners
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
great app. great app links well details on the laptop. can create invoices on as soon as the job is finished.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
crap!. can't create an invoice in the app that has cis? really? why not? so i can't do my invoices on the go?! rubbish app rubbish system! use another programme!
best ap and program for home business. i trailed several other programs before quickbooks. it allows me to split an expense between personal and business which others wouldn't. the ap is easy to use and love that i can take a photo of the receipt. no more loosing receiptshaving them fade etc.
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
. i attempted to open an account and a symbol is required to create a password. my 3 bank accounts don't even require a symbol. i just reset all of my accounts with a new password. i'm not changing this password to please quickbooks.
"excellent for my small business. works great on my lg g2. record keeping is considerably less time consuming and easier. love the function of taking a picture of recipts and uploading. sending customers professional looking invoices on the spot from my phone and offering the option to ""pay now"" is awesome! good job!"
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
horrible app even if subscribing!. subscribe to the app yet they want me to pay for a new subscription, waste of money for months!
. brilliant app excellent app. could do more but does enough. better than rest out there but not the best it could be.
. after i finish a job i get my invoice right out to my clients, it starts that (30day net) clock ticking.
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
. great app and user friendly for small business.
. the app is good. they can still work on some parts to make user experience better.
since ios 13 update not full screen. can believe this is the 5th update si ce then, and you can’t fix on iphone 11 pro full screen notch lack, we pay a lot monthly for this crap, so frustrating
best business app!. so easy to use!! very clear info and graphs make it quick and easy to check your profit and loss and see exactly where you spend money and where the most income is coming from!
. i can show up on the job given an estimate 10 minutes later i've got a down payment , and the confirmation to do the job i've never had this ever before in my life
support. very sad that for a pay per month app does not work properly. have emailed support on numerous occasions with no response.
best for my business. the package has everything that my small business requires. many thanks.
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
. 30day trial
. makes life much easier.
room for improvement. it is a great app. it has a lot of room for improvement. i need to be able to assign each expense to individual jobs so i can job cost. also i need to be able to create multiple jobs per customer, ie sub jobs.
. ever since update the app doesn't work & my clients constantly complain about it. especially as it was a feature that sold the software to them in the first place! please sort it out!
. love the app! it makes my job so much easier!
problem with quickbooks. i am having a problem putting my logo as the letterhead on an invoice
. not sure if this was resolved but in reviewing past expenses and invoices, it looks like 85% have disappeared. if i entered more than 1 expense on a single day, it kept 1. some days i entered 56 receipts if not more and now i'm redoing them all. switched to a bookkeeper this year so haven't used the app in 6+ months.
qb on the go.... love it, love it, love it. this is a great app for someone on the go. no longer am i held hostage by my pc. now instead of going to the bank, the bank comes to me. love it, love it, love it!
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
keeps crashing. crashes every time i try to delete an item from an invoice i’m creating.
good app and great support. easy to use although experienced problem with vat rate not being editable in online desktop version. intuit' response was really quick and efficient and friendly. highly recommend.
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
should have been ready for io13. i waited patiently while running the io13 beta & this app not working. but now that the official io13 public release is available i have to give this 1 star, 0 if i could. the app just crashes!! quickbooks, you should have had your app ready way before this public release.
. extremely easy to use. great app to create and send invoices and accept payments, track business and personal spending... and it's all in one place. plus lots more.
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) then hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. not working on tablet either. please fix asap. update: seems to be fixed now. thank you
dont work no more. terrible tech support! app quit working over a month ago...tech support is useless...you better change your advertising....you should probably get it for false advertising cause you are lying to the public
. yay, i can do more than make notes on qb on my phone or tablet!...i love being able to have brunch and invoice on my tablet now
. i dont have a comment, but i do have a question. is this app beneficial to a incorporated contracting company, or is it more so set up for a cash and carry business structure.
keep getting stuck. this is the first time i am using this app and in keep getting stuck after every two, three transactions
. i love the idea and most of the time it's great. i have a few things i'd like to have sorted. one the cache seems to not be accurate, sometimes i see recent transactions and sometimes i don't see any in the phone. two i think you should have a start page you can select in prefs so it opens in say customers. three finger print recognition, if banks can do it..... other than that it's great.
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
convenient but with glitches. while adding transactions from bank register, transactions get duplicated and doubled.
. great app.
. hi, is there any option for download ar sheet inexcel on mobile app. kindly let us know.
why doesn't it update banking?. all i want to do is import my banking transactions and deal with them. i would think this would be basic functionality. i spent spent over half an hour on the phone with support and talked to 3 different reps who ll claimed to know almost nothing about the app. seriously, why do you even have it.
it's nice but could use some improvement. i use the phone app and the mac app, there's things that annoy me and waste time when using.
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
. sucks
great accounting. the app is great and syncs perfectly with my quickbooks online account. makes billing from multiple sites quick and easy on the go.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
sign in issue. great app, except the need to confirm with text or email every time upon sign in!! would have rated higher with out this issue. very frustrating
this app is a need!. this app makes running a side buisness so easy and convenient that you can do nothing but make a profit! love this app dont change a thing
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
this is a total disaster. quickbooks online is a complete and total mess. my invoices are duplicating themselves in the register, the register isn't adding correctly, and my sales tax isn't correct so it has to be done by hand. when you call customer service, they have no answers and never bother to return your call because nobody there knows how to fix the issues. i would recommend that nobody ever uses quickbooks online.
access to every thing now. great app
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
handy invoicing tool when out and about. i use this app predominantly to invoice as i travel a lot in my job. it has been a bit of a game changer to be able to produce professional invoices on the go. and amazing to keep track of payments.
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
. you can't edit invoice style, and the web version isn't any better. i constantly have to switch between app, website and desktop. the settings and controls aren't easily accessible.
user friendly. easy to use!
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
can not do custom invoice numbers. the app can not do custom invoice numbers. i have had the app for two months and paying the monthly fees and have not been able to send out my first proper invoice. i have asked support and they come back with instructions to go to certain settings that do not exist on the app.
. great app
good functionality but slow to load. great functionality, good app but it takes too long to load. i don't need the homescreen with current activity to load each time. i just want to add an invoice.
ios 10.01 update...... awful! not user friendly. keeps telling me to update safari to use program. still can't run checks!
. great app, very ready to track income and expenses. making and tracking invoices is so easy even easier then on the computer, reports and everything is really easy to access and track.
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
where the banking. i want to accept transactions while i sit in bed, this app is far from useful without that capability, come on intuit, make the app complete. as is, a total let down!
much better after last update. this app came a long way, for canadians its now usable and competitive to the other services, it took a while but its very nice now.
. wouldn't be able to run my company with put this service. just done know why i lost my deal on my monthly payment. it was supposed to be $7.99 a month.
app is glitching. ever since the new update to the quickbooks mobile app, it has been glitching every time i try to open the app. every time i click the app it closes by itself. it's frustrating whenever i have to log anything in the app. i have to constantly delete the app and reinstall it for it to work properly again.
this works for me.... i have a hard time keeping up with my invoices but this makes it simple for me to keep track on the move or like right now laying in my bed creating invoices and estimates. this is great.
great accounting software. i previously used myob, thank goodness i changed to this  it is light years ahead and is saving me huge amounts of time.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
makes business smooth and efficient.. i am self employed and have been using the pro version for several years now. it makes business documents and transactions smooth and organized. i take credit card payments via invoices. worked great for me and my clients.
. good for applying customer payments when they are received and creating invoices on the go at the time services are provided.
. this app has told me there is a temporary problem on and off for approximately the past 12 months. this app is detrimental to my business. please fix asap!
. good and easy to use great app
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
. this website is terrible and the customer service is friendly yet not helpful!!! i want to cancel my subscription and yet told to remove the app from my tablet....wrong by removing the app it does not cancel my subscription...very unhappy!!
. working great. the app makes it easy for me to write receipts and invoices quickly from the field and my clients like having an emailed copy of everything i do.
. it doesn't have a feature that allows to also monitor the business on the pc, i mean webversion linked to the app.
. sucks keeps saying i have update available but then everytime i try to download the upgrade i get error code 927 saying unable to complete download. with current app it doesn't allow me to look up past invoices. the things i use most are not on mobile app. all i do with it is print current invoices with my wireless eprinter and find customer contact numbers to call them. needs upgrading with more features.
. it's a great way to create quick estimates and invoices.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
too many errors to count. i’ve been using mint for years and love it. this software on the other hand is terrible. save yourself the frustration and use anything else.
. great if your a plumber and on the go all day
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
. great app!
. great with some improvements would be nice if invoice generated from app had the pay online link like the invoices i send from computer. is there a setting that i need to change to activate this feature?
. sucks. can't create invoices easily. much like quick books online it has become to complicated....after years of both i'mm switching
there’s just 1 thing... i have been loving the way this program functions. the only thing i continually wish for is that i would be notified when a customer opens an estimate, not just the invoice.
. found a better app for my needs
fee increase is a bad deal. fees increased but same services rendered. otherwise it’s a decent app. i’m disappointed that they get people to invest all there invoices and history in app and program then up the fees in them nearly double. can’t trust a company that does that to ya.
. great app. keeps all my business expenses in order.
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
don’t purchase from app store. over priced
very well designed. since the dawn of tablets i’ve been patiently waiting for tablets and apps to be able to handle larger programs. because of quickbooks easy and convenient app. i have converted my business to all ipads. it has not only been an amazing tool for time management and popping out quick quotes. but is a big reason into my cost savings going from expensive laptops to ipads.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
needs purchase orders. work in the construction industry and the biggest nightmare is a po system. you can create them online but this app does not allow for po generation which is a huge draw back. if this could be added in it would be a 5 star but till that get added it's very limiting.
love the software. understanding that all software are more friendly on the actual computer than in the cell app, even though, the cell app is very helpful for invoices, estimates, reminders for payments “on the go” just to mention a couple of them. being an 8 years user from checkmark multiledger and payroll and making the transition to quickbooks is just a huge step forward and very efficient for my firm.
great but needs improvement. app is really great other then one key thing missing. i need access to employees and doing payruns while on the go and be able to enter in employees hours for casuals with ease.
lots of errors.. there are a lot of bugs with qbo, and my accountants have noted errors in the reports. apparently qb is aware but haven't resolved the issues. we have also had numerous glitches in the program  including not being able to log into our account (only being able to log into my accountant's page). this issue has been ongoing for over 18 months without resolution. overall qbo has great potential if it only worked properly.
. simple to use and quick
app crashes. everything was great until one day the app crashed. now crashes every time i open it. reinstalled and same issue. help????
crashing and signing out. hi there this app continuously crashes saying it needs crucial updates. there are no updates and continues to do the same over and over again. i cannot use it at all now. help.
brilliant app with loads of features!. so easy to use. so easy to learn. instant bank feeds. invite your accountant & bookkeeper & other users. so much support from intuit & the australian team. what's not to like? intuit have put together a great product for the small to medium business owner. thoroughly recommend this product.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
really good, works seamlessly. great for book keeper and employees. very user friendly and a pleasure to use and recommend
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
bad update. was close to perfect, or at least practical. since the last update, this app is useless to me. hoping this will change!
. easier to send invoices via the app than it is on the computer. only flaw is i can't enter a negative number for discounts but that could just be my phone and not the app. overall i highly recommend it for anyone.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
subscription errors. nothing but problems since january. i switched from the download to the app so i could do it at home and it's been nothing but problems, and not even the same ones!!! i have 2 companies, it's june, and i'm still trying to get this straightened out to input this years data.
very nice!!. have been using this app and computer software for 2 years now. very easy to use, have had no errors or screw ups with the app. it's great to link bank accounts to app for instant payments from invoiced. it's helped me with my business and accounting dramatically
able to view lots. able to view lots, but this app is not the same as the online version.
worked awesome until latest update. just says error every time i log in. worked great before update however.
. quick books is a good app to manage your business.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
solid app. it works well. highly recommended to business owners.
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
what happened?. this app used to work perfectly. after the last update i can't use it how i used too. if they do not fix it soon i am going to have to look into other options
master electrician. this app has done everything that i have asked of it. fantastic of estimating, invoicing and receiving payments in the field while on the job site. really saves me time.
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
well thought out. truly like the app now. i can import names from my iphone and do many of the things i can do on a main computer. i’d like to see them allow the entering of bills on the app. i’d use that all the time.
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
.. i had to delete the app as it was having many issues. now i can't download it again?
simple, quick, the best!. simple, quick, the best!
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
this might be 5 stars. the only thing... only thing!!! using square through the app .. or somehow sync invoices so they reflect in qb. if there is a way to do that then this is 5 stars!!
love the app. very fast an easy
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
. app crashs more then i can use it nearly impossible to get my work done will definitely be looking in to other ways t invoice and accept payments
great app. this is a brilliant app till date..i m using this app and mange my whole business through this app.thanks a lot
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
too many problems entering expenses. he expenses are not taking the payee. i had to switch to desktop to enter the expenses with the payee. hopefully quickbooks will address it.
love it. best accounting cloud software there is at the moment and we’ve tried them all. couldn’t recommend enough to other accountants or clients
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
ne pas acheter. honnêtement j ai rarement vu un support aussi difficile. des bogues, des manques de fonctionnalités, etc. pas au point pour les entreprise...
great app  use it every day!. no complaints. it's very helpful.
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
keeps crashing. keeps crashing and doesn't track mileage for work and charity. really disappointing.
great app!. our company switched from quickbooks desktop to the online version which came with the option to download the app. we now use the app more than online. we handle estimates, invoices, payments, banking and more directly in the app and on the go. the app has a simple and clean look making it easy to navigate. to date we haven't had any issues with it. we are excited to finally be able to get things done in less time!
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
. don't fill up your information for free trial it's easy to set up for free trial. they doesn't have options in app for unsubscribe your free trial. you have to reach them every day for unsubscribe your free trial. if you not satisfied from app then start call them before 5days, they will not answer your call till your free trial not get expired. be careful before you sign up.
life saver. i would not know what to do without this app! yeah i would have to fight through receipts every month to balance month end report. with the app i just input the info when i make the purchase and it makes it so much easier. recommend the app 110%.
. not being free hurts. if this app was free and did not require a subscription to use for us that buy qb pro i would give this app a 45 star rating. this app is not perfect but what really hurts it is the price being 10 dollars a month to use this app.
. use to like this app a lot but now it's been very glitchy and can't even enter anything into quickbooks.
. great can make invoices on site
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
touch id still doesn't work. despite what intuit claims about the new update. smh.
highly recommend!. very useful when you're on the go and need to update and categorize for your accountant! better than their website.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
. great but sometimes invoices lock with the inability to edit unless opened with a different device.
. good mobile app app has a problem switching from screen to menu. tends to freeze up and close itself
. i used the app mainly to create invoices when i'm out of the office. it's so awesome to be able to do this on the fly!
great app. very helpful, only complaint is, i would like more features like the desktop version. i would like to be able to get into my online version and accept register transactions, look at taxes that are owed, stuff like that. but over all a huge time saver. and has gotten me out of some tight spots. thank you
crashes. crashes during loading on ios 9. won't make it past log in screen. qb should have been prepared for the new ios release.
. the app is great
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
"too many free apps for me to pay for this service!!. if they are a ""top developer"" then make a free version with limited functionality for basic users like myself and a full subscription app for small business owners like your competitors do."
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
easy here, hard there. you can tell this is more for business that need to create invoices more than purchase orders. desktop as well. i’ll give 4 stars when they add a po feature to the app.
always have problems. this application made only to collect money from us and every time they increase their monthly payment always have errors and problems and now big issues that i can not open the application on my phone and no one reply to our email or calls they are totally worst customer service ever
. very simple and intuitive to use both i've used the android version and ios
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
. fake reviews on their website. impossible to leave a review. they held $10,000 in ach payments for 18 days without cause. after setup, their ach payments system went down, no notice email went out. our customers couldn't pay, when asked when it would be available, they couldn't give an answer. unreliable and poor customer service. not what i expected from a large financial company.
qb online. personal accounting made easier
. this app really needs the ability to add delayed charge. how else is a user supposed to log billable time spent in the field?
i wanted to like it. but..... i didn’t appreciate the daily phone calls asking if i needed help .... i just wanted an app that would let me do my own thing and not feel harassed
great app!!. this app helps me stay connected to my office while being out on jobsites. i can check customer invoices from previous jobs to see what process was done. great app.
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
good but few bugs. i can see some of the expenses and bills of some suppliers but not all. i would think that if it syncs it should sync for all no?
qbo mobile  love it!. i love having my books at my fingure tips. i can create invoices, record payments on the spot, and get a pedicure all at once! love it!
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. since last week couldn't login on android or web application. . tried out ignito mode, different browsers., clearing cache even did not worked out. what's the problem guys?
great app!¡. im always on the go and this app is great when invoiceestimate has to be sent immediately or when there is no computer access¡¡ highly recommended for biz on the go!!
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
. i hate your new update where all i can do it take a picture and its magically submitted and i can't add any of my info that i need linked to that receipt
ab online. great program. really ups the efficiency.
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
exporting and texting invoices. anytime i export and try to forward an invoice to a customer with an android it will not send it. iphones are no problem, but androids do not accept it. i have to screenshot it. recommend patch to fix this.
director. nice and simple. can be figured out by anyone.
help and advise. i subscribe this on the trial and pop up the good deal 7.49 for 3 months and should be starting my payment for real is 14.99 in january. hey should be responsible for this ads. apple
"can't add unit with quality and rate in invoice. online version does not allow customisation of fields. invoice doesn't show ""unit"" with quantity and rate as a result invoice are unusable in real world. hope developer address these issue at priority before we users move to other applications."
missing. really enjoy the service helping me to stay organized, but the app is missing a lot of the features on webpage or desktop version
need packing slip option. add the option to send packing slips from the mobile app
useless. won't accept my phone number so can't go any further ill look elsewhere for a app that works
. ok app
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
. after eading all the problems and seeing 90% of the reviews being 1 star im going to save a headache on this scam app should be taken off the market or sued for false advertising and costing people thousands of dollars. all the responses from support sound like they are prewritten for the complaints. please take app off the market and quit ruing the admin side of peoples hard work to start a business.
couldn't be easier. lots of good features, still learning how to use it, easy to set up for anyone, reasonable pricing aside from their merchant services to keep track of finances, and looks nice.
. great for on the go i mostly love it. i wish there were options to run individual client reports. also, a search option by keywords or invoice numbers. sometimes, when i open it, there's no information in the app! have had to uninstall, then reinstall multiple times. galaxy s2
bad update. last update renders the app useless
quickbooks online plus. loving the new updates with invoice tracking and the ease of excepting credit cards in the app. getting paid is easier and quicker than ever.
. it's nice to have access to qbo account if computer is not available. 4 star due to some functions available thru online but not in the app. i am a qboa user and a pro advisor.
. just to clarify, if you are based in the eu and therefore required to comply with gdpr, you need to know that your data is stored in the usa. the software if very good, but this is a huge security issue that they refuse to answer clearly
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
limited, no balances. it allows you to enter expenses and sales oriented transactions, but does not allow you to view account balances. right now it's of limited utility
an excellent tool for my onsite work!. for several years, i've used this app to instantly create invoices right at completion of the task. it never has let me down, and i walk out with payment!
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
extremely slow. painfully slow on both my mobile device and macbook. also, i have to refresh the app over and over to see the latest data. that wasn’t the case before. when i opened the app, it used to show the new data.
great app!. i love the flexibility of having my company info at all times.
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
crashes. upgraded to ios 10, now app will no open.
. easy use for on the road estimates and invoices.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
stuff always wrong or glitchy. seems every time i turn on quickbooks by pc or mobile app, something doesn't work! never buy online version, it sucks
. absolutely overwhelming! you surround yourselves with the most incredible and pleasant staff. bill, just like the the other individuals that i talked with in the last two days are extraordinary and simply the best. thanks a lot for all your help. pedro
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses.
. i don't know how to express or show and i am not going back and back or round like a clock. wise, but i only know 1+1% i am still in? so i am going to use quickbooks account. and thanks again. i'm happy for every thing.
this update is total trash!!!!. errors on just about everything i try to do and things save twice and web pages aren't ready for ipad pro! don't update!!!!!
. good and simple
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
need to be able to add bills and accept transactions’s that should match to bills. i think the title says it all. qbo is amazing such a great product but the app needs more functionality. mainly the bills, i need to add a bill from my phone and then be able to match multiple bills as one payment to relevant bills on payment. so frustrating having to find a computer to do this.
always good. i have been in business since 1997 and i have always used quickbooks, this is the first time i have used quickbooks online. it was simple to set up my accounts. as always, i love you guys over there.
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
can't log in. ami the only one ho just can't log in? customer support unreachable.
. easy to work with, fast, and email integrated for invoicing is smooth. wish i had more control over forms to make look like mine. but great app really.
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
kerry pabian. are you kidding me !!! app is crashing on my ipad since the update ! why do you always do updates right before its time to do billing ?
. my only complaint is if i'm writing or editing an invoice on the mobile app and want to put a discount i can't put a negative amount.
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
great. easy to take a payment while out at work. and they are all ways updating and improving. very good. highly recommended
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
more details... really.. i'm sick of the standard review response... send more details. i haven't even downloaded this yet. but i get the message: login problems. what's so hard about that.
. absolutely phenomenal app. it has been helping me run my small business for the last 3 to 4 years
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
doesn't work on ios. unable to login. this is a known issue with qb and ios9. support states it is indefinitely not working. guess they don't have anyone capable of writing code. intuit is a real company, right? embarrassing.
upholstery shop. very good app
i spoke, they listnened. i have had my fair share of frustrations with intuit and when they send out questionnaires i answer them and my biggest complaint was no access to a p&l which is now apart of the app. it's perfect for what i use it for and there's nothing like creating invoices and getting paid on the go. great update and thanks for listening.
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
as others have said. don't get the point.. i guess the mint guys are in charge now? the guys that created a consumer finance app that didn't have the function to balance a checkbook?
. geeat app
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
. worst app don't share your documents any where
amazing app, but few things need to be improved.. very good app, but needs few things like the web version. if thats added then its the best app for start up businesses.
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
phone app fail. what ever opinion you have of qbo ... the phone app fails. it will not let you see the estimates and invoices for a customer. they exist, in your system but they do not show up in the app. everything else.... any other feature discussion... it's all irrelevant. if you can't view basic customer info, the app fails.
. great! simple to use & very professional...very satisfied wquickbooks!
. you don't need to understand double dutch accounting to use it.
where are the invoices??. what is the point of an accounting app that does not show supplier invoices? dreadful. support was as helpful as a chocolate teapot too ...
awesome app! totally enables business on the go!. businesses on the go!
ok, room for improvement. quickbooks needs to build in a way to enter time via mobile devices. why have an app for quickbooks for mobile devices if you cannot enter your time in on the fly?
". signed up, gave cc info, created account, password etc. system then froze, gave me no confirmations and started billing me. spoke with the ""chat help"" which is people who can't spell common words or understand english. they were unable to cancel my account. now i have to through mastercard to get my money back. thank god my business is not dependent on this ancient software."
. this is an awesome app. make my life so much easier!! it easy to use for my home business.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
. great app
where is the payroll functionality?!?!. the app seems to intentionally not include payroll functionality, that’s what i need most! f
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
. enjoying the ease of use. good app!
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
update is awful.. please fix the app. it was great until the last update!! can't even get tech support without it crashing.
small electrical business. this software is perfect for anyone starting a business. it keeps everything organized from billing to customer records.
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
not a replacement. not fast. doesn't sync well.. this app needs a lot of work to be reliable and usable. no matter how many times i sync it doesn't actually sync to the web apps data. it keeps logging me off the fingerprint option. this might be designed in there because human fingerprints change very often? correct?
best app. will recommend for everyone
. its easy but the app needs work to be seemless. its not as userfriendly as the desktop version but for what i use it for its alright.
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
good program. been using this software for about 6 months now and find it very useful as a sole trader it works for me i can pick up my phone and write an invoice straight away.
. fine app. would get 5 stars when i can do inventory
for the money this app is terrible. this app does not seem to sync in real time. for example an invoice setup on online quickbooks does not show here. even the customer that was added online. for a large company making millions of dollars on these products it is not only unacceptable but it is also fundamentally wrong
. great app! let's me keep up with my business on the fly!
my company has grown with quickbooks. i logged in my first invoice in quickbooks the summer of 2001 when i started my first business. over the years, i have not used any other software other than.
qb app is useless. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either.
. everything you could ever need to manage a business. financials at a glance and indepth, invoicing made easy, automated payroll, and so much more. 2 employees couldn't replace this app.
worth it could be improved. works well, my only complaint is different functions are available or not available depending on how you access quickbooks. can be a little frustrating when i need to send an account statement and have to do it from a pc as that option seems to be absent on iphone and ipad access. better than my other invoice options by far worth using for sure.
. purchased app following welcome link from qb online thinking they would integrate and work together seamless, not so totally separate and no vat invoicing. cancelled same day billed for a month.
i haven't used much. i've only updated a few transactions on the app, so far! but all is good as of now. super easy!
help and advise. i subscribe this on the trial and pop up the good deal 7.49 for 3 months and should be starting my payment for real is 14.99 in january. hey should be responsible for this ads. apple
. crashes on loading. android 7
. i like it makes my life easier
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
. doesn't open, tried reinstalling and clearing cache. used to work.
. very good app for small business owners
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
horrible. can't stand the program or customer support
. excellent app.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
efficient. this app makes my life easier. has all the features i need to keep my business running smoothly.
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
waste of space. all we want to do is access quick books online via our ipads. this app is worthless. as my business continues to grow we will obviously be looking for a software provider that listens to clients instead of putting out disappointments like this. save the space on your ipad and don't bother.
great app!. works great with my quickbooks online, fast and easy for taking credit card payments. everything syncs back to my online account and is very easy and efficient, huge time saver!
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
. app hangs all the time, and pain to work with. waste of time
good app. this app is great for on the go but still needs a few things to be fixed like when i mail the invoices or estimates to my customers they always have trouble recieving them..
qb. it would be 5 but i use it on several devices doesn't sync well phone app need more functilnality
useless!. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. mobile apps for ios and android sucks big time!
great costumer service. i hope that they improve the app but so far so good. very satisfied with the product.
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
. was wary, but the convenience is worth a lot until the latest update. now i cant sign on. been a week since they told me there was an issue. still not resolved. spent several hours on hold listing to garbled elevator music that can not be turned down. customer support blows.
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
. more nicer with the update but i still can't give my customers discounts, i wish it would let me make a negative quantity or rate while making and invoice.
options. i need to be able to send quotes, not estimates.
. still lots for me to learn so cant say 5 out if 5
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. i've been using quickbooks for a few years. it's been great. but lately i haven't been able to access old invoices or quotes. very inconvenient for past work that we've done. now i'm having a huge issue with latest data not syncing to my device and can't even get into my account. things should be getting better not worse. i've consulted with customer service which hasn't helped either.
great for small business owners.. awesome app. very convenient and keeps the finances and work orders organized. takes some trial and error but well worth the effort to learn this system. you tube has many instructional videos on how to expedite learning this program. price is reasonable for what you get. don't hesitate to get it. if anything you will learn something.
incomplete. well laid out and functional. without banking though it's not as useful as i'd like.
. does not support in india
great for businesses on the move. makes invoicing easier if not in office all the time ,
. awesome! they still need to improve a bit for the mobile app, as some things are not available on it compared to desktop, but really, i couldn't run my business without quickbooks online
again. after running smoothly for couple months, again a problem! now whenever i try to work from customers tab, it crashes....
quickbooks mobile app. i love the flexibility this app offers. it's a huge step and my personal goal to become paperless while giving me the ability to bill on site.
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
fake claim. i am not sure why these companies feel like they have use false advertising to sell their products. i do get it. i understand that some companies, usually the big ones, feel like they have to recoup development costs for their apps. well just be honest then
awesome!!!. fantastic and love how much this program does for you. very simple to use.
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
great app. this app is a life saver. they have done a great job with it. i have tried all kinds of other apps and this is by far the easiest to use!
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
poor need lots of work. this app is terrible on the ios and android. i’m using it on both and it has tooo many bugs...
great program. it's so easy to use, i love it.
. i like the app, but i can't view all of the vendor bills and payments on the mobile app. i've tried multiple android and ios devices and just can't see the vendor bills and payments. i can see them online, but it would be nice to be able to view them in the app as well.
ipad app. please update your app to be more like the desktop version...i can not track inventory received through the ipad app i purchased and ipad pro hoping to do away with my laptop and so far its been seamless, except for this app not being able to track inventory received. i hope your developers can figure this out before my 8 year old laptop crashes! thanks
awesome. this app is great and extremely helpful with my small business. it saves a lot of time and work. not only do i find it very resourceful but it's easy to use. customizing my invoices and estimates is probably the best part of the application aside from it allowing me to check my profit and loss. i recommend this app to any user, especially a business owner.
not free. wish there was an app like this for free the soon i started free trial next step was if i wanted 3months and pay or have a small discount and still pay :
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
works well for me. i am the only employee of my corporation so my books are pretty simple. i have been using the desktop version for years. i switched to this so i could take pictures of my receipts on the go and have them attached to my books. generally, i'm happy with the online version. makes doing my taxes a breeze.
better than desktop. used to use desktop version of quick books which unless you were an accountant was near impossible for the average person to use. qb online is so much more user friendly!
i need this app. i really need to use this app. but everytime i try to create an account it says connection error. i have been sending multiple emails about the same for the past month and no reply. five stars if you fix this problem
so easy. thank fou for this easy and convenient app to keep our business streamlined!
fee increase is a bad deal. fees increased but same services rendered. otherwise it’s a decent app. i’m disappointed that they get people to invest all there invoices and history in app and program then up the fees in them nearly double. can’t trust a company that does that to ya.
need to be able to access full site. maybe i haven't had enough coffee but most mobile apps allow one to bypass the app and go straight to the web based version. this is frustrating  trying to quickly locate a reconcile issue in the register and can't see the data i need to effectively do so...
great package. i'm on the road and this accounting package works great. also nice that my accountant has direct access.
not bad.... would like to be able to use it to cray an invoice and take a credit card payment on the road
need customer signature. please provide customer signature for android like you guys did for ipad...
nice app!. suits my needs...
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
fix the app!!!. this app use to work great until the last update! please fix asap!
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
its ok. i was hoping for this app to have mobile printing capabilities so we can set up thermal printers.
unuseable. the developer disabled the ability to paste in your password. i cannot use an app that requires me to spend two minutes pecking in my 28digit password every time i want to use it! enable paste and i will give this app a try.
. crazy how you can remove headaches with this app.
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
viewable. error message on download is gone, but the app lacks functionality like syncing bank data and the payroll app doesn't allow me employee editing options. if i need to see what is happening in quickbooks its all right, but it's definitely not quickbooks online mobile version
fast and easy. makes life easy not having to reach a computer to send an invoice!
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
dissapointed. this is the frontline of my business as i am a mobil service technician. app no longer will save or complete an invoice. this is crippling my business! fixxxxxx please immediately!
couldn't ask for more!. everything you need, intuitive and great access with mobile apps!
great app. very helpful, only complaint is, i would like more features like the desktop version. i would like to be able to get into my online version and accept register transactions, look at taxes that are owed, stuff like that. but over all a huge time saver. and has gotten me out of some tight spots. thank you
. needs to be updated equivalent to iphone app just switched to an android phone from an iphone. the iphone version was just updated with more features. this app needs to be updated as well. looking forward to the next release.
easier than all other apps. i literally tried out a dozen other apps trying to get one free or cheap. efforts were futile. i broke down and bought this one and never happier. it works like a charm and no dead buttons. does what i want it to do and no limitations.
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
. app stopped syncing transactions, useless!
. good app
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
app won't open after latest update! please fix asap!. app won't open after latest update! please fix asap!
good app. so far so good
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
customer service and functions. you can be completely locked out upon renewal of your subscription. it has locked me out of entering for the last six days. tech support has been pretty useless at fixing it. with all the other flaws the online program has, avoid with every thing you have. you get no back up, high incompatibility, and many accountants hate it. your emailed invoice has a habit of hitting the spam bin,it isn't even compatible with other intuit products. avoid avoid avoid
owner. love this app!! easy to use and don't what i'd do without it
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
. nice app would like the maps feature that uses location points like in the ios version.
. best mobile account app solved our problems
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!!"
. im not a big on technology but i love this app.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
annoyed again!!. i did the latest update and now i can’t even open this damm app! terrific ay! any suggestions qb’s!? can you get this sorted asap. a few updates prior to this lasted one, after that particular update all my company details except my abn disappeared, why? the app didn’t seem to save my details properly as i added them and it was like that until the following update. then everything was back to normal. pretty annoying!!
easy to use, innovative and mobile friendly. we have been using qb at australiance.com for almost a year and i would not go back to my previous accounting software. the interface with paypal works well and save heaps of time for our online sales. it s easy to create expenses (e.g. business lunches etc), quotes or invoices on the go with the app + always know your bank account position as it interfaces directly with it.
. slick app designed to make your business life better.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
couldn't do without it. the qb on line version has really simplified our operations. the ability to have multiple users from different locations, especially remote access, has made life easier. either using a laptop or my ipad is great when out of the office. the only thing i've found that the app does not allow me to do is prepare a purchase order. but, there seem to be periodic updates so hopefully this will be coming soon. i would recommend qb to any small business.
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
update is buggy. the latest update won't save invoices correctly and doesn't pull up all my clients names. i hope it's fixed soon i use it daily. also won't allow touch id or pin sign in!
make that 6 stars. love love love this app! makes life easier!
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
. i am unable to open the app passed the sign in page. just continually crashes right after logging in. poor app
love this app. works great and i can navigate and make invoices and track everything in one app! i love it
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
bad update. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program.
quickbooks. absolutely great piece of software making my business so much easier to run.
very good. it should be able to synchronize with quickbooks desk top.the online version on the pc sucks!!!! not user friendly,and very limeted,
$12.95 a month = free ???. misleading. first month free, then 12.95 a month. my bank is free for these types of services. i'm not happy that i wasted my internet gigabytes on a download that i can't afford. unprofessional. if i could afford i wouldn't pay just because you don't explain that clearly before someone downloads. poor business
. mobile invoicing, categorizing expenses, pandl, ect. powerful. get it to save money and sky rocket efficiency in business. sooo good!
. good software, could be better if cis content was accessible via app
too many error messages. for what you pay for a quickbooks online account, this app for ipad and iphone is really disappointing. i get an error message almost every single time i try and enter a new transaction. sometimes it works despite the error message, sometimes it doesn't. but i get the error every time. i can't even access the banking functions as i get an error message and nothing will load. the only function that seems to work properly is the reports section.
business. i'm very happy with this app help me a lot
timed out....... worked for 2 hours on typing big estimate, session timed out, lost everything, how is this able to happen? we send people to the moon in 1969 yet we can’t safeguardprevent this app from wasting hard work and precious time. it’s the first time i thought i could throw my ipad into the next county. fix this stupidity
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
unique landscaping. it’s simple to use and helps to keep up with you’re accounting, totally recommend it
awesome. that's what i said in 2012. the app keeps getting better, now it's very soon to be 2017, and still the same review.. good app.
cannot log in. garbage. terrible customer service!
user friendly but not without fault. works nicely. has a few issues, but overall gets the job done.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
app has connectivity issues. anytime i log into the app it causes me to have to relink my bank accounts every time. if i stay out of the app everything works appropriately. i can log onto different devices through the browsers without issue but the second i log onto the app on a tablet or phone, it will disconnect my bank accounts.
nice. nice software
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
this app needs updated. this version won't work :(. not working reloaded app no go. :(
. recently started my own business and needed to create invoices, very easy to use and helps empower the growth of my business at anytime!
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
what did you do with the functionality?. there is nothing to work with here. qbo has gone from bad to worse. what happened to the 'almost desktop version' i saw in beta?
. excellent app can do more on the app on android then on the iphone. works great!!
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
crashes. crashes immediately after i open the application. update was recently done and now i can't use it.
so good.... love qbo! makes doing bookkeeping in the fly so easy and allows me to capture expenses on the spot!
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
linked bank account. locked out. no customer service.. there is literally no phone support whatsoever for the mobile app. i'm still locked out of this app after linking my checking account.
keeps getting better. interface much improved and good to have access to bank transactions.
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
. really. trying to do work here and you are forcing an update. no time for this bs
very helpful. i love this app it allows me to run my business easily
needs timesheet support. price went up 100 a year and still no timesheet support outside of desktop app
don’t update!. so many bugs. a bunch of features have changed for the worse! running on ipad pro 11” ios 13.1.2
. great accounting software
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
the app used to work?. why do companies change apps from functional to crash is beyond me?
changed my life. very helpful and easy to use. now i am my own accountant and i can keep close track on everything i do. i love this app!
not free. wish there was an app like this for free the soon i started free trial next step was if i wanted 3months and pay or have a small discount and still pay :
"latest upgrade is a disgrace. i have never written a negative review of an upgrade, but the latest version of this app made a great app totally useless. you can no longer receive invoices or reconcile bank balances. do yourself a favor and delete the quickbooks app rather than ""upgrade."" the mobile website is more useful than the app."
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
no longer works on ipad. this app is no longer functioning as of the most recent update. it used to work on the ipad. the camera feature is difficult to use when trying to take a picture of receipt. it doesn't allow me to record payments any longer. please fix.
. user friendly. very helpful for invoices.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. i use to love quickbooks but now it's not working anymore. please fix immediately because my whole business is run on this app... are you gonna fix this?
sweet baby jesus this is exactly what i need. it has never been so easy to stay so financially organized. as someone who os chronically disorganized this app is a blessing. definitely worth the price when you need to record your expenses and write receipts, invoices and all sorts of other business related things to be professional.
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
very pleased client. i love this app. it has saved me so many times. there are a couple things you can't do on the app that you can do on the desktop like change your payment information but i have no issue with that. thanks intuit for another great product.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
none of the convenient features work. i send invoices quite often and with each invoice i need to add attachments. every time i try to add an attachment the invoice will not send. also the desktop app is garbage.
finally signature for iphone. love it!!! all of my invoices are generated via my iphone 6, and it was frustrating without having that feature. touch id is a great touch! i like the ability to have different invoice options, but wish i could design it exactly the way i want it. keep up the great work with updates.
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
. cancelling your subscription seems impossible. i've emailed, called, used their help menu. it shouldn't be this hard. still trying to cancel.
work as expected. good apps
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
defects still in app. app was brilliant until it started alerting that my trial expires so need to upgrade when i'm on a full package and not trial version? fix needed intiut.
. this app is making my life life much easier!
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
not their best or most usable work. tough to navigate, not intuitive and the online version is aweful
time saver. saves time to be able to categorize expenses from my phone.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
crash, crash, crash. this app will crash and after every single thing you!
the best accounting app for sme. great product at affordable fees..i love the constant improvments that you guys make..i own a chain of smartphone retailers and it working great for me..missing the fifth star because inventory options need some improvments other than that its great..keep it up!
. great but i would like to be able to customise the quote and invoice templates and a bit disappointed that the mileage tracking is not part of this its a different app with it's own cost otherwise great
. he querido utilizar la versión pro 2020de prueba y ha sido imposible utilizarla, ya que me pide un código de activación el cual no aparece cuando introduzco la licencia de prueba..
. i like my experience so far!!
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
". i scanned several receipts and submitted them through the app. they were confirmed by the app as ""added"". half of them are now missing with no explanation of where they went. those receipts were already disposed of. completely unacceptable."
. great app. i enjoy it. helps me with my small business
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
. if i invoice a client and they mail check or hand me a check or give me cash i cannot record income unless they pay online bank transfer or credit card. so i cannot accurately. so this app is useless. and horrible client management. also need to be online no offline input. also i cannot merge to qb app each charge 9.99 month. cannot merge date as qb has better customer tracking. also neefs time tracking for jobs
. great accounr app
. sometimes glitchy. some days it works some days it doesnt but overall worth ther money becasue the website always works
terrible app...... terrible app it does not work. since last update👿
. superb app
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
. ive tried to cancel this and followed instructions to cancel and it keeps taking money out of my account !!! i just want it deleted and my money refunded !!!
. this app makes running a small business a breeze!
great but needs improvement. app is really great other then one key thing missing. i need access to employees and doing payruns while on the go and be able to enter in employees hours for casuals with ease.
broken app. latest update broke it. app will no longer launch and immediately crashes. now looking at alternatives.
works great. business on the go! i wish there where a few more options, but all in all great app.
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
. the app has not been working properly for over 2 weeks now.
quick books app. this is a very handy app to have snap shot of business activities
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
needs work & capability. for those of us that work on the road and try to reconcile books daily, do not depend on this app because it is nonexistent. no reconcile function whatsoever. i hope their team listens to our feedback because we can jump ship on any given day.
. the quickbooks app allows me to easily manage my business expenses on the go and eliminates the need to keep those annoying receipts. instead you can jt take a picture of the receipt and attach it to the expense. brilliant.
it works ok. using this app for serval years now. mainly i’m bothered by the small glitches and performance of the app, not so much quickbooks. every so often a new annoyance will pop up.
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
highly recommend this app. i have a mobile veterinary service and use this for all of my billing while i'm on the road. it saves me time by allowing me to bill my clients on site at the time of service, and even process the credit card if they choose to pay that way.
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
absolutely terrible!!!!!. this app is garbage. funny that intuit is in their name because there is nothing intuitive about anything in this app at all. complete waste of time!!! complete garbage. just trying to set up the basic information about accounts that i use and tailor the app to my needs was excruciating. i can’t say enough about how bad this is!!!!!!
. great accounting software....would give a five if it would include job costing
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
can't match bank transactions reliably. the only reason i use this app is to match bank transactions when i have some 'down' minutes. lately, they keep getting kicked back to me, so i have to match them on my pc anyway. also, you don't have access to both memo and description, so your notes don't appear in reports if you add the transaction though a bank connection.
great online accounting software. easy to use, available from everywhere.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
not happy. doesnt let me connect my bank (santander) asks for a code that i dont know or my bank 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ useless
accounting made simple!. love it,love it.love it!!!!!
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
. garbage. doesn't even have a spot to track vehicle expenses. in the self employed version you can. but you can't track hst. would be nice to have one option for everything.
changed my business. this app has worked wonderfully. it fills the role of a second employee. accounting has never been so easy for both myself and for my clients to complete their bill.
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
avoid merchant service. avoid at all cost the merchant services. they preapprove you and then hold on your money for a month before forcing you to refund each transaction you processed with them. i had to call 6 times 1 hour each time and it is still not fixed. they are still holding the funds and it’s been more than a full month. terrible customer service.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
. this app is making my life life much easier!
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
its quickbooks. and it sucks
. great ape i like it i can manage my customers from anywhere,good ape
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
great app on the go. there isn't any comparison to the quality and convenience of the quickbooks package
. cant add expenses or clients to qb through my smart phone
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
excellent once setup. i run my whole business on quickbooks. it was a little tricky to set up initially but once my bookkeeper had given it the once over, everything was perfect. great stock management system that ties in to the invoices and hooks in with the business bank account. this makes self assessments etc very easy and saves loads of time. very happy :)
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
. so simple to use
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
does not work. quickbooks will not let me access via my mobile device, neither through my browser or through this app. figure it out guys, smart phones are the most common computers people use these days...
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me.
great app. only thing i don’t like is if you accidentally delete an invoice you can never get that invoice number back and it’s now been voided. that needs to be fixed so it can be adjusted or recovered. none the less it’s a great app. won’t ever connect my bank info none the less because that’s how you get audited for nothing.
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
save so much time. love this app. now i can review customer history in the field, and even get some of my bookkeeping done wherever i am. its fast, has options i need, and fits in my pocket.
expenses. how do add an expense thats on a 30 or 60 day account?
basic app. app functions are extremely limited, and i can't use qb web on any browser on ios devices (ipadipad pro 12.9iphone 7plus) as all browsers including safari, chrome and dolphin run in zoomed mode when want to enter invoice, payments, receipts and bills or even check reports and make unusable.
. excellent lots of options for writing reports and looking up data
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
not functioning. does not function as expected. vendors do not show any activity...
. great app! very affordable. quick to uload and edit inventory items.
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
. it sucks if you have credit problems you can't link bank and get payment they don't say that anywhere though do they
. this is a very user friendly app. i can modify and create estimatesinvoices on the fly! good work intuit!
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
disappointed. i just switched from my trusty iphone to an android phone, this app on my iphone was perfect! it had a list of products and services, unlike the android version. it also loaded all the estimates and invoices for all my customers, this android version hardly has any of my past transactions! please make this like the ios app!
just easy. safe and secure . superb app ..
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
update is awful.. please fix the app. it was great until the last update!! can't even get tech support without it crashing.
. user friendly app that makes me very efficient in my field .
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
critical update!. i was just in the middle of a really long material list and a notification came up that there were critical updates to the app. clicked on ok.... lost everything! not impressed. there was no option to ignore or update later. according to the app update description it was just minor bug fixes etc, etc.
. so far it's been a good app. admittedly the pc version is better and slightly more user friendly but it does seem to be updates regularly and is getting better all the time.
application bug. depuis la mise a jours de ios 13 je ne suis plus capable de facturer mes clients . j’espère qu’il va avoir un correctif rapidement merci
scanning receipt yet to be as effective.. i was using neat desk for scanning and it captures all bills. if quick book cannimprove receipt scanning for cab and other bills it will be wonderful.
great job!. now i know when an invoice has been emailed. very complete app! now we just need a bulk action.
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
. cant log in. the google app version does not communicate with the regular qb site. it's not useful if i cant log in with the app on my phone.
great app. really happy and love quickbooks
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
problems. what my bookkeeper is finding is payments being applied to the wrong invoices. it’s really messed things up. from the checks being deposited from my bank. also, for some reason my quickbooks is duplicating invoices. i will have to erase the app and download again.
absolutely fantastic!. this app is incredible. having been using for 6 months, and it has revolutionised the way we are able to do business. so easy to setup, use and understand. i highly recommend to anyone that needs an easy orderinvoicesales system for their business.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
horrible service. very limited in functionality compared to desktop. my company couldn't use it.
. great app. very helpful.
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
. doesn't seem to let me login with my google account as i do on the website. not sure how i should login in this case.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
. whats the cost after free trial
. app doesn't load any files. great app if you like watching it think forever.
. very efficient and in depth of a record of labor expenses and profit
. great service especially for a company on the go or starting up. would be better if it was optimized for the galaxy tab s4 . since it constantly crashes on it...
latest update not working?. can't save payments or invoices now? kind of a critical thing for doing books on the go...
great app easy to use. this new version does almost everything online with my smart phone. i can match transactions, add expenses, do almost everything i need to do while on the road. thank you intuit!
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
. i have called customer support twice now. each time, i am greeted by an overly friendly person who barely speaks a word of english. either time was the agent able to even understand what i am asking for. they could offer no help, they would not transfer me to someone else. i am left all alone here trying to navigate a program and run a business. i have no idea how to get any help from these people. thank goodness for youtube!
. great app
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
. sluggish app
. this is my first year using quickbooks. so much easier to track all expenses and sales.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
worth it. great to organize business. love the online support when getting started!
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
stuck in data download. can't open app on ipad or iphone. stuck in a data download loop. support says there are no known issues, what a joke.
. really friendly and useful
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
. please return the notes options this last update is very bad
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipadiphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
. a joke, support can't resolve any issues
easy to use. generally easy to use. some limitations on app.
. app is crashing as soon as it starts... 🙄 edit: app is now working, i wish all features of the desktop version were also available on mobile.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. app crashes 2sec after being turned on on iphone7. restarted phone, no luck
. looking for an update to more easily track hours per job.
. hi, is there any option for download ar sheet inexcel on mobile app. kindly let us know.
slow to update. pretty useless app.
fantastic for my business. on the road invoicing means that my home time is my home time. thanks for putting in the work to create this app (and for seeing through any problems we users have).
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
not happy with this. i've used quickbooks for years and have several corporations that i handle on the program. i'm also computer literate and have been a quickbooks tester in the past i'm not happy that it took me a whole day to download and set up payroll and still haven't figured out how to print reports for my customers or check for that matter
easy to navigate. mobile freedom. makes it super easy to stay on top of business while always on the go.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
does not register. i like the pictures and comments but cant see for myself coz it doesn't accept any of my numbers when creating a account so i didn't even register. somone pls help
. great app, works good
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
2 stars. lack feature for canadian user. improved since update. no longer have connectivity problem over 4g. current problem with receiving online payment as i am a canadian user. paid same rate as american user with less but crucial feature. your thoughts developer?
. very happy with the product and services, everything in one place
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
hate the app. limited functionality of the app makes it virtually useless... unless i have access to a pic or laptop, i can't do all the things i need to do. the program itself is good, just not sure why the app hasn't caught up yet.
business made better. this has been a great experience. it has made billing especially easer and i'm getting paid sooner. two thumbs up. great tech support!!
payroll unable to handle contractors. unable to pay contractors on 1099 also their supports work around took more time than outsourcing payroll. wuuuuuuut? ? i have used quicken since computers came out and it looks nice and works great for (normally) most things. cheers
. terrible for receiving payment rude staff. my funds is being held for over six days now. bad business practices, no you will not receive your funds in 23 business days. don't even try using to receive payments.
. was using quick books online on laptop and it was fantastic, now since have to be on the move, am using on my android phone to generate invoices and it amazing experience, just dont need laptop anymore. great stuff. recommend to all smes
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
. utter garbage. i use the online version daily, but the app barely functions, is laid out differently, and doesn't have any of the major features that i use online on a regular basis.
i love it!. great app haven't seen anything better.
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
. problem in sigin to app
. very good software up to date
overall but problems. overall works well for small business. a lot of problems with checking account and credit card connections. one i am still going to have to sort through to make sure transactions weren't missed, as it only loads back 90 days. and you get no notification if an account suddenly disconnects. its a mess but customer service is good and they work with you well.
don't bug me for reviews. the title says it
loved it. easy and very useful
problem with quickbooks. i am having a problem putting my logo as the letterhead on an invoice
terrible app. keeps crashing. keeps dumping you out telling you that “critical updates “ and must login again. try to login and  am a very longtime customer  it tells you your company is nonexistent. ba humbug. complain to intuit and they say use a “supported” device. in other words: don’t use the app. time to find software other than quick books.
so much better than sage one!. can you compare two apps and have one be easier to use and more powerful? yes.
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
total scam. i do not have the ability to open this app but somehow you have been able to continue to bill my credit card monthly. i cancelled a credit card because you have no contact info. sites to cancel service by. somehow you have gotten ahold of my new cc info!!! cancel this service now!!!!
the best app out there by far. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far. every update includes a very useful useable option. 👌🏽👌🏽
. i don't know how to express or show and i am not going back and back or round like a clock. wise, but i only know 1+1% i am still in? so i am going to use quickbooks account. and thanks again. i'm happy for every thing.
newest update ruins app. after updating my app touch id no longer works and i can't receive payments and clear invoices anymore also it makes me sign in every time i open the app , before this update the app worked perfect and deserved a 5 star rating , you have ruined it and made it unusable , you need to fix this.
great mobile app. while i m sure they will continue to make improvements it is really good right now.
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
. app freezes and crashes several times a day. the photo receipt scan feature is probably the biggest culprit. even simple things like updating my business contact information yields an error message which is usually followed by a crash. the mac version of qbo isn't any better. similar issues there. very clunky, buggy applications. too much time spent troubleshooting. time for an alternative.
. very convenient to use especially when entering expenses! no lost receipts.
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
it works ok...but, be warned!!. they state 25 business days for payments to clear to your bank account, truth is it typically takes 510 days and way longer if payments are more than a few thousand dollars. they make you wait on your $ while they snag a chunk of interest on your funds. it’s been almost 12 months and we’ve decided to go back to square for their faster processing.
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
. problem tried to sync my company data, refresh it. and now the app crashes as it is loading my company invoices. it seems to log in fine. just gets hung up when trying to load. was working great at the end of last year. but now it won't work....please help! i was using the app a lot. just want it to work again. p.s. i am using a galaxy s4 android 4.3 thanks!
huge asset for small business. love the flexibility this app provides. i can do everything from the app that i can do from the desktop although it takes twice as long. however, as a small business owner being the accountant and the laborer it is great having the ability to pull up invoices with clients and email invoices on the go.
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
. great app
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. this is not for bookkeepers i uninstall this app
easy to use. simple setup easy to use self explanatory excellent for those on the go and still be able to run your bussiness a+++
consider other programs.... purchased quickbooks for the fact it is easy to photograph receipts and upload, which worked for about 2 weeks and now always comes up with a error.... tried reinstalling etc, still doesn’t work. useless.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
. easy to use great app
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
. newest update (android nougat, galaxy s7) when creating an invoice or estimate, upon saving it just hangs. because it hangs, you try to back out. when trying to back out it asks if you want to save changes, you can select no, only to discover that your ten attempts to save did in fact create ten invoices. specifically the component that should after a save, take you out of invoice editing to look at the invoice is not operating correctly.
. great app
. it's good but could be better. limited functionalities on the mobile app.
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
take time to learn it. be patient
missing functionality  registers updated. the app itself is pretty clean and easy to use. however it is missing some important functionality, namely registers. there is no access to your bank or credit card registers, or to check their respective balances... for a financial application, this is a major missing piece. here's hoping this will be added soon. update: this has been fixed. now waiting for making deposits...
disappointed. needs touch id for login, and bugs fixed for ios 8.
coffee machine doctor. this is the safest and fastest accounting system ever just like a shot of espresso
useful app. adds a lot of useful abilities to your mobile device. i'm not a heavy user of it, but i have not had issues with it for months using the basic features.
extremely disappointingfrustratingnon user friendly. qb online has been very disappointing. the quickbooks apps for ipad and iphone are incapable of accomplishing anything. it has been very very frustrating and i would not recommend.
love this app!. i can send invoices anytime, anywhere from any device :)
good but few bugs. i can see some of the expenses and bills of some suppliers but not all. i would think that if it syncs it should sync for all no?
crashing non stop. keeps crashing when trying to sign in, couldn't even use trial, useless crap, trial expired, done the usual uninstallreinstall, still didn't work
mobile app yes. i love being able to use the mobile app for quickbooks. you can't do everything you can online but it's great being able to knockout some tasks on the fly and i can show results in an instant, which is a good motivator.
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
. there is a error when trying to add item, i have sent message to support with no reply, as well as requested input from the community. i guess you can't ask for much help with such small fees per month.
awesome.. would be 5 star if we had a shipping address on mobile version. i love this app make my life so easy. thank you.
. not worth the cost but it does track expenses.
app will crash!. app will crash! be sure to save your work!
solid except.... i like that it keeps sync of everything smoothly. there's no wait time, and if so i never notice it. it's fast and convenient. best accounting software hands down! the app is smoother than the mac desktop version, this should be fixed!
accept button doesn’t work.. love the app however this latest update the accept button doesn’t seem to work so you can’t accept the new line items from your bank feed.
newest update. loved the app until the newest update. now for some reason i can no longer receive payments from my phone. which is very frustrating. i have closed out the app, restarted my phone and still can't do it.
new app is great!. the new app is super user friendly and versatile. it’s easier to use quickbooks from my phone than it is from my pc now. vast improvement over the previous versions.
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
"not working. i just downloaded it and it said it was free. it sent me a verification code. when i went back to the app now it is saying i have no subscription. i wish it could have said that in the begging because now my business email is ""registered"" and i can't find a way to delete my email address from this program."
great app. easy to use for on the go business. wish it had check printing feature. please add that.
small business owner. it's fantastic and professional for service contracting for management, but the fact that the crew in the field still use paper carbons to submit & clients want paper makes this a major problem. if the client doesn't give an email, or the field crew doesn't get the right info, i end up spending extra hours trying to figure it out...
. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program. the app on a mobile device doesn't even open. it says sync problem. it's been days since i logged into the app. always problems with this company. the app is terrible.....
so efficient. qbo is so easy to use. any query i have, the support team always responds within a couple of hours and the way they explain things is in a way that is so easy to understand, and they are just so helpful.i always recommend qbo to anyone that asks what software i use.
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
cannot log into app. cannot log in.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
. doesn't work properly
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
very poor support and feature. features are basic and they won’t let you unlock the others with poor support. don’t use
. one of my top goto apps. very useful and a ton of functionality.
nearly as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices
. dashboard does not load. completely useless at this point. cannot invoice, add expenses or write sales receipts.
great software. great software just the when printing description in my home language it gives squares
bitch ur fucked. all over culiacan and the net
. unless you are truly tech savvy avoid this app since finding help was as bad as getting help from fb or instagram in my opinion.
best business app. quickbooks has definitely made running my business much more efficient and has made it easier to close on deals. the estimate tool makes it easy to send professional looking estimates to clients, and with a click, those estimates turn into invoices. you can receive payments through quickbooks as well. add the payroll service and you can run the whole business yourself. i would definitely recommend this to any new business start up.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
no es para argentina. bien pero no pude incluir los bancos
. good app
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
. unable to see customer payment transactions and limited functionality. unable to generate detailed customer statements.
this works for me.... i have a hard time keeping up with my invoices but this makes it simple for me to keep track on the move or like right now laying in my bed creating invoices and estimates. this is great.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
. very hard to do on phone
love it!!!. this app makes things so easy to keep track of a job while in the field and saves time. love it!!!!
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
. great app
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
plenty to be desired. there are options such as making expenses billable is not available. previously had issues with adjusting tax in the app and the support team told me to use the web based version. what's the point in having an app with features when the support team just tells you use the web version.
love it. wish i could edit my estimate better.
. ok app email invoice doesn't work version 3.8 been unable to send invoices via email for over a week now.
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
easy to use. its very handy for me
. the app is great when it works! it took 3 times of deleting and reinstalling to get it to work again. but its working perfctly again.
to much money. i went on to the app and it says 35 dollars and i think it is to much money for an app!!!!!! it sould be at the most 20$
love it. makes accounting and payroll and taxes and everything a complete nobrainer.
. after i finish a job i get my invoice right out to my clients, it starts that (30day net) clock ticking.
monthly fee. didn't realize that there was a $13month fee after the 30 day trial if i'm not already using it.
very good app. if i could link my icall to it, it would be perfect 5 stars
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
works sometimes. account synchronization works sometimes. paypal often stops working until i log out and log back in online. bank account takes days to update. not a great app. integration. integration needs some work.
owner. this software has been the best ever. it has made my job so much easier and faster for billing.
. great software. i think very soon, it will change the way people maintain books
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!! also, the separation of vendor mtce from vendor transactions is opposite of the web interface. same for customers.
. quickbooks makes my life so much easier for writing amd sending estimates and invoices. there are so many other things that quickbooks can do that im slowly learning. im writing so many estimates and getting so much work from easier estimate and invoice writing its really hard for me to get the time sit down amd learn everything else quickbooks has to offer.
good functionality but slow to load. great functionality, good app but it takes too long to load. i don't need the homescreen with current activity to load each time. i just want to add an invoice.
. do not buy quickbooks through this app. you will be charged but unable to use it and have to subscribe again through the real quickbooks. google play charged me and took the money but i have no access to do anything in my account and will have to pay again to quickbooks.
great !!. has made running my business so much easier !
. would be nice to be able to record deposits through the app. the whole reason i have this app is so i don't have to go onto a pc. also, an option for digital payment, ie paypal venmo etc.
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
. makes my home business so much easier.
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
. extremely difficult to use and doesn't show my invoices if i need to edit something.
. very helpful software for small starters.
truly mobile accounting apps. i have tried for a few days and it give me an impression that i can finish all my accounting without going back to desktop. it use the camera of phone wisely.
. i have had this app for my business for about 1 year. every time i spent the money new transection comes up 2 time . and it's too hard to remove on transection.
loved it. its very useful app to track expenses and invoice.
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
incomplete and not easy to use. privacy settings are lacking as they previously were in the online version. to be useful, i need to be able to pass the ipad to a sales associate sioux giving them the amount of access they currently have (with the limited privacy settings). also, the login and password system is cumbersome meaning it isn't quick to open up the app to charge a customers card (faster to run it through the online version)
awesome. very simple very tech savy and user friendly
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
this app is useless on android.. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless.
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app
inferior to qb online on desktop. qb app on ipad or android does not not have even half of the features that qb online has on a desktop. i can manage basic invoicing, basic expenses, see transactions, and pull up basic reports... everything about this app is basic. i have to actually be on my desktop to access the full features of qb online. very dissapointed.
. i gave it 3 stars because it's ok. it serves its purpose. i'm now disturbed because my monthly fee was $9.99. the month of september  i was billed $19.99. why?? if this is the case...i'm deleting this app. now i feel as if you're stealing from me!
good to review. i haven't got deep into it to create billing invoices yet but just to review what i've done from the work station, it's great.
intuit quickbooks. software
. very frustrating app to use. as an employee i am required to log my daily hours using quickbooks, the app however won't let me even login to it. i go to login and it gives me a message telling me that i am trying to use an u supported role and it will be fixed in future updates. i have to go through the website which the mobile version is not great to use.
excellent program. track my records
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
. not being free hurts. if this app was free and did not require a subscription to use for us that buy qb pro i would give this app a 45 star rating. this app is not perfect but what really hurts it is the price being 10 dollars a month to use this app.
loved it. i am enamoured by the app. makes my business life damn easy
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
fair app version, but not good as browser version. i’m not able to select item groups when creating an invoice. also im not able to enter sku when creating an item. neither im able to search items by sku info... they dont let you set a fixed price for an item group on any version of the software which o find really easy to implement by code which is dumb...
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multiuser access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
useless!. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. mobile apps for ios and android sucks big time!
fantastic app!. i can perform easily 90% of our quickbooks administrative work on the app version. this allows our business to save time and money! way to go guys!
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
. i have contacted customer service several times for support issues with the appquickbooks online not syncing the transactions automatically. no one seems to have an answer on what's going on. each time i'm advised by a customer service represenative to remove and reconnect the bank account yet in doing so it still doesn't work.
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
almost great. this app would be better if it had a little more functionality. i would love to be able to upload photos to invoices or even send an invoice from the app. i find myself not really using the app very much because it does not have full functionality. it would be nice if qb could mirror their web based app.
pants app! does not refresh, to many glitches!. poor show on the app! creates more work for me then needed, stick to logging in online. far easier than trying to refresh the app manually, i'll get grey before i can do any accounting with this app!!
the. boss.....app
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
crashes now. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in.
. great program
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
. i had to stop in the middle of resending an invoice, after i cant seem to find email resend edit option??:((( have to reenter all like new order, waste of time!!! does it accept international bankwire?
great app. quickbooks has changed the way we do business. as a small business, such tools are so vital for the day to day running of your business. quickbooks has truly been a revelation for us at blink mode recording studio.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
no activity?. none of my vendors have any activity (transactions) available within this app. almost rendering it completely useless in our business.
brian burke. very user friendly!
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
worthless. i have never once been able to generate a p&l for a board meeting. the reporting function just does not work, which is the most useful part of accessing this program through a browser. also, even though i can enter a sales receipt, doing deposits from the + does not work and i am unable to make corrections that are relatively simple from the browser. this platform provides no service at all.
best accounting online software. very useful very easy and flexible
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
band download not working. can't download bank transactions for months now.
exelent app. recomended. exelent app. recomended
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
. useful for my business needs at the moment
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
time tracker missing. the online version is friendlier then the online desktop version, but all in all a great app. one thing missing is the time tracker. would be great to be able to track your time spend on a project and book it to an invoice.
time entry. i would really use this app if time entry was part of it. that would be something i could really use on the road.
". this app is trash, has me very upset won't let me add a bank account just keeps saying ""hmm connection error"". this is bs i just signed up for this service and won't let me connect your app sucks and most likely will seek a refund. have tried wifi, mobile, what the funk, not quick in my opinion..."
. extremely user friendly. easy to navigate and syncing with desktop is seamless.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
jan 2019 update is a fail. it no longer lets you log in with your fingerprint or face id.
. awesome app
. the app is great when it works! it took 3 times of deleting and reinstalling to get it to work again. but its working perfctly again.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck. *tried clearing data, same issue."
. still using this app. still easy to use, still like it! great for what i need.
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
. where is the bank balance? so confusing to use.
clean and wonderful app. we love qb for i pad.
jason marquez. this app according to me is best as it's not that complicated and makes my business easy, i've not used any other accounting app so i consider this very easy for any layman who is not very good in accounting. it could have had few more options like individual job closing so to get more accurate and decrease the paper work.
. very difficult to cancel free membership on samsung s8. contacelted customer service and they emailed me a dated version of how to cancel! so still struggling as they cant cancel it from their end! 😡😡😡
wow. don’t know how i did my job without this program, i love it ! it helps so much!
inventory & stock control. where do i find the inventory & stock control feature to invoice stock to the customer! is there a warehouse feature because my stock is also kept in different locations!
. app data is never accurate. i hate to login via mobile web to get accurate numbers. misleading and frustrating
. it is a huge mental relief to have this app acting as a virtual accountant for me and i am not drowning in papers. much love!
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
. when it works, its great. don't count on it when the internet is even remotely slow. i had to resort to another sales app to complete sales. lost sales and it cost me more money to use the other sales app.
great app only downfall is.... i like the app the only downfall is if your an employee you can't track your hours on here like you can with the qb on a computer.. also you can't delete a payment if you see you already added it. if so idk how to do these things.
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
great app. love it. very intuitive!
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
crashes every time. i used to like this app, but now it crashes every time. i cannot use it at all. galaxy s7 edge. support has not responded to my messages. nor my crash message notifications (and there have been plenty)
. great app for seeing your accounts and any overdue payments. i only use for reference because i put all my input on the quick books on the computer
. great customers support
app is useless. receipts and notes entered in the app do not show in the register online without additional steps. it doesn’t even show there is an attachment even though i selected show attachments in settings. so what’s the point. absolutely ridiculous in this day and age.
. great app
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
user friendly. very happy so far....
. pos app!
app does not open. after the latest update, the app does not open. it has been a real inconvenience.
professional cleaning. quickbooks makes my company easy to run. the app is just the cherry on top.
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
". just signed up. you get a 24hr trial and then it asks you to spend $7.99mo with a 30% off discount (not sure if that is included, or what). so much for a ""free"" app."
. great app! i can look things up on the go. very important for my business.
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
1 step forward  2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to redownload all the info. hurry up and wait
new user. will be happy to see how useful this is for my company.
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
. never received money from paid invoices. terrible customer service
life saver. one my favorite apps to use while working. i’m on it like a social media page. thanks quick books.
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
need improvement asap. need to approve the app asap due to many loss of customers. disappointed of the high price.
. helps me, my customers, and my accountant!!
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
they discontinued this app. do not download this. they stopped the link so it no longer works. too bad because i was using this to run my business and now i'm screwed. i have to find another app quick to do my invoices with. i like razorsync for scheduling but i am not thrilled with their estimating and invoicing. if intuit had kept this up and just made some improvements it would be great!
. great app. highly recommend.
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
it’s 2018. it’s 2018 and still no turbotax integration or automated receipt scanning integration. you still have to manually enter all of the receipt data. if this is about “streamlining” small business time then make things streamlined. no new advances or major improvements in the past 2 years. im in the market for a new system.
great app. thanks
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
lost a key feature!!!😡. update is great except they took away the option when creating a new customer to use a contacts info that's on the device.
. great smb accounting software. use it for my company and have had no issues at all. customer support is responsive as well.
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
. this app hacked my phone and when i uninstalled it it reinstalled itself and destroyed my phone, do not install this app
. so easy to use i love the mobile app!
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
never has worked on my s7 edge. i loved this app when it worked with my htc. since i switched to this phone, it keeps giving me an error message and despite talking with support multiple times, nothing has been done to resolve this. i have uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times and it has not resolved the problem. i have seen similar issues reported with this phone.
best business app!!!. i love using qb for my small business. love the auto reconciliation. professional looking quotes and invoices. it's amazing!!!!
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
. app is so slow and doesn't have the functionality of the full web version making it pretty useless
easy, convenient. make offsite transactions quick and easy.
just too expensive.... i run a small business and can't afford the monthly dues of qbo. hoping they come up with a more competitive product at some point...
qb needs to hire a ux person. how convoluted can a simple task be? try quickbooks. or if you value your time, get expensify.
. makes business so much easier! i love my qb team and all the ways they keep improving!!! i have qb online it links with our local credit union and my cpa its incredible.
just started. i just started my business and only had a few transactions. when i downloaded qb online it was simple and everything reconciled perfectly. it's easier then the old software too which i am use to using.
handy app. useful when adding info onsite. can be a little confusing to tell if the data you are working on is current, or needs refreshing.
progressive payments. love the accessibility and simpleness of creating invoices. would love to see progressive invoicing added to quickbooks online
finally becoming useful.. new banking update is great, now just get it to work. very buggy and extremely laggy. you hit an item, then do it again because nothing happens, but it switches to the next screen and you end up clicking something you didn't want to. very frustrating. fix this and 5 stars. on galaxy tab s 10.5 running lolipop 5.0.2
mr. the problem with quick books on line is that you can't choose what account a payment is credited to when using an ipad or iphone. it automatically placed it in to an undeposited account and then you have to log on to quick books using a pc and transfer it over to the desired account. for example current account. basically you do the work twice and defeats the option of doing accounts on the go.
. great app making it easier to track all of my business finances. and the fact that i can connect it to my other business apps saves me so much time.
. please add support for whattsup business app
cannot link to amex. caution, you can no longer use the mobile app to link to your american express account. i first installed it in 2015 it was awesome because it linked to my american express account and i could go through and enter them into quickbooks very easily. now unfortunately they have just simply discontinued that feature for some reason and their technical support people refuse to even acknowledge that they used to do it in the first place
business owner. used desktop for years and now after switching to imac and iphones this app is perfect and couldn't be easier. recommend this to anyone looking for an accounting app.
please update. please update so it wont crash with ios9
not good. crashes often; slow; give frequent error messages.
makes it all the easier. program runs excellent always active on me note 3 a couple of things id love to see added. purchase orders and file attachments to invoices this would perfect it for me.
quickbooks. quickbooks on my cell phone keeps me in touch with our office 247. once data is entered by our staff it is immediately updated to my cell phone as well as other devices. for the times our staff had a question regarding entries, the help line for quickbooks was always answered by a person who took a personal interest in our problems and they always found a solution. dorothy apartment rentals
. does not work
. i find this really useful to check accounts and send invoices whilst onsite. never had any issues with the app at all.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
crashes. this app fails all the time, i keep having to reinstall to log in.
work done sheets. this is good. could there be a work sheets which can carry information like cossh, removals of waste, costs of material and work done which could be added dates gps photo to the invoice. i really think this would make this program the best. cheers tim
intuit quickbooks. software
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved. please note i have tried multiple phones and it is near impossible on mobile browser. trying to keep keyboard up is a nightmare.
like the app. just hope it would be easier to use need better access to my custumers invoice and estimates
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
app is satisfactory  quickbooks online is not. i am very unhappy with quickbooks online. if you are anything more then a landlord of one rental property, then you will find quickbooks online to be greatly underwhelming. it is clunky, glitchy, and virtually void of any mechanism for customizing the program. it is not a replacement for quickbooks desktop. perhaps after a few years of unfortunate beta testers abandoning quickbooks online it will get better. for now, though, don't do it.
. everything i need and so easy to use as a consultant. i invoice and make banking and purchase entries in real time, i no longer need to sit for long periods of time playing catch up.
. with the newest update cannot reliably attach receipts! although a long time user, will be unsubscribing soon if not corrected.
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
. this app is great for tracking income and expenses! feels good to know how i am doing on a dailyweeklymonthlyqtrlyannual basis. keeps me competitive and on track financially.
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
making life simple. best way to run your business.
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
crashing constantly. crashes nonstop. i get two entries in and then crash. sick of it. come on intuit.
owner. love this app work great.
good but few bugs. i can see some of the expenses and bills of some suppliers but not all. i would think that if it syncs it should sync for all no?
. quick books online asking me to update app through website .... will not open. says to email you the results or error and someone will get back to me.... not yet been 5 days
. the quickbooks app allows me to easily manage my business expenses on the go and eliminates the need to keep those annoying receipts. instead you can jt take a picture of the receipt and attach it to the expense. brilliant.
. o app é bom, mas ou é uma bug ou é propaganda enganosa, porque diz ser r$13,99 por mês e ao clicar para assinar o preço vai para r$48
invoices and estimates design. the design and layout of the invoices and estimates templates are outdated. seems like a small thing, but it reflects poorly on a business’ brand, and it is so easily fixed on your end. hire a professional designer and give clients a template that says quickbooks cares about our brand too.
great. great app!!
. not perfect but eliminates laptop in the field. latest update makes it too easy to duplicate transactions.
it worked good until it didn't. i can't even login it says app closed
love the new app. 5 stars
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
. i wrote you before, i have uninstalled app.. i have a android.. app wont open says.. experiencing techinical difficulties temporarily unavailable..
أفضل برنامج محاسبة للشركات الصغيرة. من أفضل برامج المحاسبة سهولة في الإستخدام إصدار الفواتير إصدار إيصالات إستلام المبيعات مركز بيانات للعملاء إصدار تقارير شهرية وسنوية جميع النشاطات حساب الميزانية العامة للشركة مزامنة البيانات مع حسابك إمكانية الدخول من الكمبيوتر الشخصي  ماك  ويندوز وغيره الكثير شكراً لكم على هذا البرنامج الرائع
too sophisticated for just personal budgeting. i have been using quickbooks since 2006 and its predecessor before 2006. i only use it for my personal budgeting of 14 bank accts, 10 mortgages and 6 credit card transactions. sometimes i cannot figure out how to enter a transaction (transfers between accts, accepting matching transactions, credit card individual transactons versus balance payment) without creating a double entry or it cancelling out an entry. love, love, love the online version that i can access via iphone.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
mario osorio painting and a&t housecleaning. love this program very friendly and very easy to understand for my self and my bookkeeper.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
"problems. this app will not let me save an invoice, it always says ""this number already exists"" no matter which number i add. only started the error on the 301112, please fix."
great app for accounting on the go!. i don't know why people are disappointed in this app it's an app, not an entire accounting software. plus it's free! i love this app. i can create, manage & send invoices on the go. that's all i need to do. it has a simple interface. kudos to qb.
. all new version is awesome this app is awesome! when intuit separated the quickbooks mobile app from this quickbooks online app they fixed a bunch of bugs and added a ton of features. if you have a quickbooks online subscription you need this app!
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
ok.. maybe i'm just used to regular qb's but i'm having a hard time with this. and why is it i have access to more on the computer than the app? other than that is great. very helpful.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
unable to sign in.... same issue many users are having with the latest update, i can no longer sign into my account with the app.
great for small business. i decided to use quickbook for my small busy because i wanted something better than excel. i glad i did. this is a great way to keep a business going.
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
crashes when downloading. crashes when downloading after initial setup. have not been able to use app. disappointing.
no complaints. does the job.
quickbooks. quickbooks on my cell phone keeps me in touch with our office 247. once data is entered by our staff it is immediately updated to my cell phone as well as other devices. for the times our staff had a question regarding entries, the help line for quickbooks was always answered by a person who took a personal interest in our problems and they always found a solution. dorothy apartment rentals
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
. outstanding app!
. good software, could be better if cis content was accessible via app
touch id fail. qb  please fix the touch id feature. it's useless.
. quick and easy to use. clients have been very receptive to there invoices or estimates. definitely have recommended this to other small business owners.
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
works good. makes business life easier and works great.
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
my business has transformed.. i have received multiple compliments from my customers regarding my new invoices and estimates.
. great app
. there was about to be going to be fight if those people dont get away from my accountant.
subscription error can't download app now. stuck... help!
love it. what a wonderful app for running a biz.
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
terrible billing system. i had an email offer for 75% off, tried to get it on my desktop. ended up subscribing for $10mth only to find out it closed my trial account, created a new account, now i have to cancel,subscribe on the ipad for $25mth and my data is not updating now....run away from this fast....
great app. first time running a business and this is everything i need i love it
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
. i thought it was bad three years ago! its much worse now. not user friendly and still doesnt support my form of business. all they really do with this app is track your bank account and catigorise things. you can only catigorise as an expense or income. its the new year and new month and its counting transaction from jan 2019 as transactions from december 2018. i need help. any recomendations on business softwesr that also has tax softwear?
excellent app. helpful reports and nice review of recent transactions to make sure operations are in tact.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
still useless. what is this for? can't see the check register, can't add vendor bills. you should be able to access all aspects of qb online. i guess its ok if all you want to do is look at pretty graphs.
easy to use. great system, much cheaper than other accounting systems, user friendly and plenty of help if you do get stuck. definitely 5 star
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
rubbish. you’d expect better due to it having bank details, just want customers to get invoices & see that they’ve paid , quite embarrassing when it takes longer to open the app than do the job , very disappointing 😡
. i have been missing out, i wish i would have used this a long time ago. makes doing business anywhere much easier.
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
. terrible. does not recognize my company credit card as a credit card, add o i couldn't add expense charged to it. doesnt recognize my cash account from my chart of accounts for when i tried to apply a cash receipt. clearly not ready for prime time.
. only thing i wish is that the app was more gear to service type industry like pest control other than that phenomenal app
quickbook. on trial will notify later
utter crap. if i could give no stars i would app crashes all the time won't send invoices to customers i have had for years have been struggling on with quickbooks for several years but now can't take the frustration anymore caused by this utter waste of money.
expensive. great program, easy to use and has lots of feature. at $20 month is pretty expensive for small small businesses.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
. this app is useless and doesn't work properly on a phone
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
this app is great for on the go but still needs a few things to be fixed like when i mail the invoices or estimates to my customers they always have trouble recieving them..
pretty useful!. i can add my expenses and match them later and now they even. updated the web internet so i can use it on my tablet and it's become super helpful! thanks quickbooks! i think what's they update it to where you can do all the thing you can on the tablet web interface that you can do on the computer it's going to be top notch
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
. unworkable garbage. sso doesn't work. can't sign in with otherwise working credentials. leaves orphaned chrome instances running for every failed signon. absolute trash; fire these developers.
. great app very user friendly. the mobile app is still a bit limited as i cant do statements from it but once on the laptop everything can be done
. not fully fledged it's great but doesn't do much nor the basic things i would want in an app.. basic reporting, easy input of invoice (picture maybe ocr), accepting account transactions.
crashes almost immediately. running ios 12 and then 13 on an iphone 8. installed the app. put my login info in. accepted that no problem. then boom. app crashes and i’m back to my iphone home screen. rebooted my phone. deleted and reinstalled the app. makes no difference. still crashes. having this app was a big factor in my decision to run my business on quickbooks and now i’m reconsidering that before i get any deeper.
little tricky to get used to the interface. will still continue tonuse
access to qb contacts please. love this app, means i can work while out with the kids. would be better if my phone was allowed access to my quickbooks contacts as my husband adds the contacts and they call before i have chance to add them to my phone.
creating an account is a joke and does not work.. creating an account is a joke and does not work despite entering all information correctly. uninstalled!
. longtime customer, happy with access remotely
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
. error message when i try to log in on my tablet. customer service offers little assistance after a long time on hold. this experience makes accounting for my small business even more unbearable. (update 11418): i dropped the review down to one star (from 2) because the error message is yet to be resolved on my tablet, three months later, and qb has increased the cost of their simple start plan by 30%. lame.
. realy awesome app
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
limited. as far as i can see it's not possible to enter expenses. given in many cases businesses have more outgoing transactions that incoming this is a critical weakness.
. this app works great
make thing simple. we work away from the office all the time. q on the smart phone makes that easy. and it has never locked any of phones up. it work great.
crashes!!!!. don't update!!! latest update crashes app on opening data download!!! why don't these geeks test these updates before posting!!!!
. best accounting software for small business......
. fine app. would get 5 stars when i can do inventory
meh. dislike so many things about the app and online version. i would really like the ability to browse through invoices for ex. look at invoice #1 click next to see #2 and next to see #3 and the. be able to reverse this. unfortunaly this can't be done and one has to search specifically for an invoice by number.
. the best business app
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
. can't acess since last update!!!!!
great app!. so easy to use, really makes a difference to be able to invoice and do payments on the move.
. sometimes glitchy. some days it works some days it doesnt but overall worth ther money becasue the website always works
good but............... this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
a great experience. this new update has just all the features required from this app and more. not just do you guys listen but act as well. kudos. the best cloud service, that can be.
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
fix this!. when using my new iphone x the app crashes every time i try selecting the “invoices” button?! also... constantly have to log in and log out to update my information?! why?! please fix these major issues!
. great app and easy to use!
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
background usage accounts for 50 percent of battery life. this app completely drains my battery. i thought my battery was broken and was about to replace it, but apple tech report suggested i check on battery usage by app and i discovered quickbooks was the culprit.
. good app
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
"complete shit. developers can't seem to get it right.. going from version to version will cause problems logging in. might as well not offer as a mobile app, ""on the go"" my ass. i was told ""we're working on"" (for the past 6 times i inquired) then the last time ""too bad, use the web site for now""."
. banking is better and easier with the quickbooks app
. using this app had help me reduce the time required to prepare my client account significantly from months to just weeks. some from 23 years backlog to weeks. i can use the time saved for other aspects of my client business.
deposit entry?. big thing i'm not seeing is a way to enter straight deposits that don't involve billing someone. i am the treasurer for a church and it would be helpful if i could enter the deposit amount for the weekly contribution (we don't use pledging or planned giving or anything like that, so we don't track individual giving) in the mobile app.
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
. ok app email invoice doesn't work version 3.8 been unable to send invoices via email for over a week now.
. piss poor app most of time it don't work keeps saying error. very disappointed
best app ever. just wanted to thank the development team for helping me to manage my business easier with this app.
. why this app is not in french ???
getting better but a long way left to go. we switched to quickbooks on the recommendation of a number of accountants. then we realized that quickbooks online and the desktop offering are worlds apart. the app is good, but not great. the entire qbo experience is frustrating and getting support is difficult.
very good app.. really like this app.
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
was awesome my nexus is not supported!. this is what i've been waiting for for years. 10 out of 5 stars if i could. but since my mobile decide is not supported.... hate to say it but worthless!
excellent on the go apps  for small business. easy to navigate .
cis transactions. cannot carry out cis transactions in the app for some reason, you have to use the web version. this is really annoying and somewhat inconvenient. other than that, a great app....
. still waiting on a transaction from last week. was told a lie.
great app.. will help me tract expenses!!
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
great app. i travel constantly and this app allows me to keep up with my bookkeeping wherever i am
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
this is a total disaster. quickbooks online is a complete and total mess. my invoices are duplicating themselves in the register, the register isn't adding correctly, and my sales tax isn't correct so it has to be done by hand. when you call customer service, they have no answers and never bother to return your call because nobody there knows how to fix the issues. i would recommend that nobody ever uses quickbooks online.
the best accounting app i've used. quickbooks intergrates seamlessly with your store all you have to do is keep track of your expensenses!
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
no multi currency = useless. i enabled multicurrency on my quickbooks account, which you can not revert once applied. and now i find that when i log into the app, it won’t show transactions or customers that use anything other than my base currency. useless. utterly useless.
mr. great app for when i'm running around out of the office.
. please add support for whattsup business app
poor compatibility. online version does not work with safari. quickbooks refused a refund stating it is not there issue. avoid and just get a good account
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
used to love it. it used to work great, but now it crashes and never loads. wished it worked. i like the ability to snap pics of my receipts.
great application. very handy for revenue and business expenses.
. best feature, snap a pic of receipts, log em immediately, drop the actual receipt in a shoebox, & forget about it!!! you can see if anyone paid instantly on your phone, send an invoice change, i mean its the fastest accounting i've ever done in 20yrs!
too much and too little.. the various plans either offer too many bells and whistles or not enough basic functions for a small company. tons of redundant functions, and glitches are rampant. and quite frankly, except for the 12 year beginning subscriptions, the plan prices are overly expensive. cannot recommend this programapp at all.
more options. app is good for basics but it would be helpful if statements could be printed from the app.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
not able to login. never download this app. i have reported this error many times to the quickbooks support team. till this date they haven't even just looked into this issue.
. love the app because i have access to my business accounting any where
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
still unresolved issues 3 month later. i’ve had quickbooks for over 3 month now and since i’ve had it i have been unable to allocate my bank transactions on my app. i’ve flagged this to quickbooks and had responses but no fix. keep being told to use desktop version for now! 3 months and still not fixed isn’t good enough for a payed for app.
. awesome app!!!
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
awful, just awful. doesn't even show taxes or vat, you have to log on with a desktop browser for that. wish i’d signed up for another accounting app.
. makes billing simple on the road
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
cis transactions. cannot carry out cis transactions in the app for some reason, you have to use the web version. this is really annoying and somewhat inconvenient. other than that, a great app....
great app. good for a non accounting person like me. i can keep track and give it all to my accountant and it gets done. i love that i can send invoices from my ipad and enter info etc. two thumbs up!
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
. i have tried the thrial for my buisness and found it projected profits higher than actual and expenses that didn't match up regardless to synching it to accounts like square or my bank. if this is the trial then im not sold. if i had turned this apps inaccurate projections into the irs they'd audit the hell out of me. ill stick to good old fashion analog style accounting thank you.
one thing. i give it four stars cause i cant figure out how to keep it completely updated and current, i have qb on my computer and i have information on there that does not show up on the app, but overall its perfect.
quickbooks online. the app can be frustrating at times to use, not enough flexibility. can't make up its mind wether to ask me to sign in or use finger print login. need option to control where deposits go.
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
works great. i love the syncing between all my apple devices. since adding the touch id it's more easy access and conduct business.
great app... needs some work.. there’s no way to record a sale without attaching a customer to it. also, there’s really not a place in the app to keep a ledger. if it had these 2 things, it would get 5 stars from me, but as it stands i give it 4.
. i can't receive payment directly to my bank account. somehow it goes to undeposited funds even if a choose cheque or direct debit.
. it takes a bit to get used to but once you know how to navigate it is great!
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
can't login. every time i try to login it says that i don't have an online subscription.
good program. been using this software for about 6 months now and find it very useful as a sole trader it works for me i can pick up my phone and write an invoice straight away.
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
"don't download latest version!!. software was great before the latest update. now, no more touchid support, no ability to email invoices. we all remember what apple did with the maps mess, i wonder if intuit will have the testicular fortitude to ""can"" the person who attempted to update the already good software?"
easy to use. this app is so quick and easy. my business is on the go all of the time and it makes estimates and invoicing so quick and easy.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
not an intuitive product. i'm very disappointed with this product. i've used quickbooks on my laptop for two years as well as the gopayment app. this has been extremely frustrating to setup and use for both my accountant and myself.
muito satisfeita!. excelente ferramenta de gestão. fácil de trabalhar, fácil de aprender, você pode montar vários relatórios e os prontos são ótimos. estou encantada com a facilidade de uso do programa!:d
great app. only thing i don’t like is if you accidentally delete an invoice you can never get that invoice number back and it’s now been voided. that needs to be fixed so it can be adjusted or recovered. none the less it’s a great app. won’t ever connect my bank info none the less because that’s how you get audited for nothing.
clumsy, error prone, price has doubled.. not a completely trash service, but it hasn’t gotten any better despite company promises. price has doubled since i initially joined. ipad app bugged, today i tried to enter an invoice payment, no joy. tried to leave service last year and the year before. exporting info was a nightmare, and impossible on mac, effectively leaving me held hostage. cancelling service at end of year as i’d rather try a different online accounting or simply go with a desktop version.
great app. makes my life so much easier!
. after i finish a job i get my invoice right out to my clients, it starts that (30day net) clock ticking.
glitchy and they keep raising prices. constantly crashing, both the ios app and the mac version. and they just raised the price to $60month. not worth it.
. great app! easy to use and helps me keep track of our church income and expenses.
. no unit field in invoice or estimation. makes it impractical in real life transactions.
. no good for basic simple book keeping and way to complicated. why would you trust a group of app developers will your banking details
amazing. so simple to use makes my life a lot easier as everything can be done literally within minutes
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
failed to run. i installed the program and as soon as i attempted to begin using it, the program crashes and will now not open at all.
great app. keeps us so much more connected with our customers
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
stay well away!. worst software i have used to date. zero customer service. ignores all complaints. takes forever to load. constant problems. not user friendly.
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
improve inventory management. very good software quickbook .. we are the manufacturer and we want to manage inventory of the raw material also ... when we sell a product then the raw material should be automatically deducted... otherwise very good sofware
. app is not working properly. suppliers details not showing in mobile app.
. does what it is supposed to do!
". creo está app buena administración de empresas x ese motivo desidi "" instalarla y google como responsable de negocios, se entienda, bien con esta empresa y tiene juegos de lotería de los casinos, también, para yo jugar en ratitos,"
. garbage. doesn't even have a spot to track vehicle expenses. in the self employed version you can. but you can't track hst. would be nice to have one option for everything.
. great app
. app is nice but it stops automatically some times
. be advised that you will have to pay for this app after you enter all your info!
. this is a great app! makes billing expenses and invoicing so much easier!
. not bad unable to upload historical data really hurts this app.
. app worked good for the first couple of months but now hasn't work for a few days straight on my samsung phone. emailed the report to them but have received no reply.
nifty app!. i really enjoy using quickbooks mobile app. can't get to the laptop or pc? no worries. i can work as i go. love it! love the layout too!
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
. downloaded app twice when i tried to login error message continually read i didn't have a quickbooks subscription. was never allowed to access app features.
. absolutely fantastic. easy to use and tailor to your needs
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
zero stars. it really surprises me that a big company like intuitquickbooks couldn’t come up with something that worked. the app is almost completely useless. i installed it, tried to do some basic stuff on it and couldn’t so i deleted it. please intuit you have to have someone that can build you a better app!!
. very user friendly
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
works well and good value. we migrated from the desktop version and that was relatively easy to do and the online version is cost effective and does what it says on the tin! it's great that it's on my phone and ipad as well as desktop gives me access when i need it. no issues so far and the support is good.
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right. update 020219; still has constant logout problems after all these years. would give 0 stars if i could.
need better multicurrency functionality. ... an ok app to review transactions and do some basic entries.
great for the mobile user. some bugs but they get fixed sooner or later
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
not suitable. not happy with this app and it won't let me cancel it! help!
quickbooks. has worked very well for me, i'm new to accountinginvoicing software and cannot make comparisons. however this software saves me a great deal of time at quarter end
useless app for working in qbo. only found 2 reports available through the app. can’t “drill” into figures on the 2 reports provided. cannot access expenses on coa can’t really get any work done.
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
ez modern business book keeping. i love this app program... it's very ez to apply it with your business services.. download it 2day!
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
. this app lags like crazy. i have a note 8 so it's not the phone. why have an app if the performance is poor?
. makes life easier
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
. very frustrating app to use. as an employee i am required to log my daily hours using quickbooks, the app however won't let me even login to it. i go to login and it gives me a message telling me that i am trying to use an u supported role and it will be fixed in future updates. i have to go through the website which the mobile version is not great to use.
. mobile app runs faster than desktop app. easy to use.
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
disappointing update. was able to do deposit on the go with earlier version. please fix.
michael. great for my business nice to alter estimates and convert to invoice on the job, why do you need acsess to phone and gps
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
very limited... quickbooks is one of the best accounting tools out there... however this app is very limited. ipad is a very powerful device. but this app doesn't take advantage of that. things like: * auto save invoices to the files app * option to choose payment type * when you paste an email from the email apps, it doesn't recognize those emails.. * option to add company stamp and seal to the invoices
. great app, but i wish i could generate purchase orders from the app to send to vendors.
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
app freezes. since updating my iphone to 13.0 the quickbooks app freezes once it opens. at this point it is completely useless.
. this app is incredible saves me a lot of time from going to my laptop.
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
features bugged and gets worse every time they update it. transactions page on ios 13 doesn’t respond atall, you can categorise and transactions or match payments. stop updating the app when you haven’t tested it thoroughly... it’s getting to the point i’m going to start looking elsewhere.
. excellent app
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
suporte péssimo!!!. o suporte nunca resolve nada, fiz uma reclamação de bug sério a um ano e nunca foi resolvido, tentei contato essa semana pra ver se iriam tomar uma atitude mas a resposta é sempre a mesma “o time de desenvolvimento está trabalhando nisso, não temos acesso a eles e nem informações a respeito” então fica aí com o seus deuses do desenvolvimento que eu em 2020 eu parti conta azul!!!
awesome. this app is great and very robust
"love this app. it is so awesome to be able to login to our accounting software and services do an invoice right from the service location we just finished up on... i can actually send a store manager a estimate sheet as a ""what was done  sign off sheet for his record in the case of a corporate billing. i am so glad i chose qb's online..."
. stop asking for feedback every 5mins when i try to get stuff done. what the hell is wrong with you people designing this feedback bullshit system?
powerful. very good, gives almost all of the functionality as the browser version except for splitting and journal entries. but for daily review and acceptance of linked electronic transactions, this is great! also has a good p&l and balance sheet report.
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
crashes every time. i used to like this app, but now it crashes every time. i cannot use it at all. galaxy s7 edge. support has not responded to my messages. nor my crash message notifications (and there have been plenty)
one word. awesome. i love this cause i can store all the receipt online.
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
crashing and signing out. hi there this app continuously crashes saying it needs crucial updates. there are no updates and continues to do the same over and over again. i cannot use it at all now. help.
don’t rate before use. fantastic app. easy life. worth giving it a try.
very convenient. nice format for creating estimates and invoicing. although, it is frustrating having the keyboard cover the un scrollable typing field on note 4. you must continuously press the back button to view the text.................i just realized i'm having the same issue typing this review. could be the note 4. hmmmmm
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program.
cool app. i would have given it 5 stars, but it just doesn't have the power that i'm used to with the real quickbooks, but it's ease of use and functionality is still great for a new app.
please prioritise. can you please forget about the fancy fonts and new colours!! first repair the many bugs and crucial features missing from this app so we can operate our business efficiently. once that’s done feel free to change as many fonts as you like.
overall ok. if you have an issue good luck getting a hold of customer support. freezes up at least once a week and sometimes i can’t get into my invoices. for what i am paying for i expect more
excellent app. great app
. you have to pay and i am looking for a free app to do my stuff
terrible app. this app is not even close to what you expect it does not do what your quick books does. there is no way to change product descriptions without having to rewrite the whole item. it does not link to quick books in trial mode and not sure if i want to pay for this service. bottom line this is not what you would expect i think they are still working the bugs out buy some other app.
. couldn't run a business without this app.
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
. many bugs, and any receipt photos are too low resolution to be readable.
awesome app. simple, clean. just need the banking feed for the android in canada please!
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
really useful app.. but it would really be so useful if you could print sales receipts directly or even indirectly export as pdf to print on the go via a bluetooth receipt printer.
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
app does not support multicurrency. it’s 2018. apps have been around for quite a while now. if your qbo account has multiple currencies enabled, you can’t use this app for banking. seriously, wtf?
. creating full invoices away from the office! i love the fact that no matter where i am, when someone calls me with a proposal for my business, i can literally be anywhere type up an invoicequote for my business. save the information to my database which is accessible by a usernamepassword and also email it directly to my potential client. in fact, im setting 3 different invoices right now. get this app if you are in business, it's well worth it.
jason marquez. this app according to me is best as it's not that complicated and makes my business easy, i've not used any other accounting app so i consider this very easy for any layman who is not very good in accounting. it could have had few more options like individual job closing so to get more accurate and decrease the paper work.
. force closes all the time. when it won't stop doing it, i have to uninstall and the reinstall. complete bs since i pay for the service.
. newer to the app, so still learning all the in and out of it. but easy to use
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
error. the app is not letting me sign in! it keeps saying error!
. does what i need it to do.
. really nice accounting app. loads of integrations via desktop browser. even a desk top app that i suspect is node based. the best feature which is lacking in other accounting apps is transaction memos. that £200 i lent my mate in july is useful info when you look back a year later.
new update is awful. the newest update is so awful! i can't post things on my invoices, i can't email invoices, nothing! it acts like it is doing it, but then it freezes and tells you to refresh before making changes. i refresh, make the change again, and it gives me the same message again. awful update!
excellent app for my business. works wonderfully!
owner operator. on the go? this app will help your business keep going without slowing down!
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
. love this app, it has come a long way. thank you quickbooks for making life easier.
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
app problems. app keeps crashing haven’t been able to create invoices for days
great app.. intuit and odyssey have been very helpful with the company integration into quickbooks online from qb 2013.
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
. i was asked to update which i did and now it won't open
easy, powerful, and convenient. easy, powerful, and convenient
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
. nearly worthless... it isn't userfriendly, most times doesn't work, and can't easily search for items.
love it!!!. app is easy to use and saves me so time! wish i did it a long time ago!
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
verging on useless. download it but don’t expect to get much out of it. how a multibillion dollar company can produce a product so lacking in functionality boggles the mind. it’s almost as if intuit is intentionally trying to offend its customers.
works well. good app
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
. app banking does not work on android pixel 3. crashes as its loading transactions. i called quickbooks and got the runaround, didnt take my issue seriously. stuck using computer
email is my only complaint i don't like my emails coming from into it i want to choose my own email so my customers can respond please fix this. respond it's when i'm sending invoices or estimates
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
terrible product and now doesn't even connect. previous reviews are on the money, this app is terribly crippled on ipad and mobile. to make it worse some days, like today i can't even connect to do these limited tasks. intuit please wake up before you get rolled over like blackberry!!!
. still learning the ropes. so far so good. being able to submit quotations efficiently and itemized makes all the difference. quite easy to learn and keep track of expenses.
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
customer service fail!. customer service is non existent look elsewhere
. easy to invoice clients and get paid fast.
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
. typical of qbo: half baked with features always being removed so they can charge you more money for them in another tier.. leaving mostly buggy features you wont use! can't even enter time tracking?! uninstalling!!!
great app!. it is awesome everything i need in one spot.
emailing payment receipt. via the phone app when i email a payment receipt it opens my email app with texts as opposed to sending the pdf payment receipt as it use to do prior to the last 3 updates. this was confirmed by one of the staff from intuit.
useless staff. staff are useless and argumentative charged twice in 1 month over the price agreed then the argue it’s my fault literally like talking to a brick wall use free agent it’s free and just as good
. easy to use. does what i need it to do
good but could be better. many features that are online, you cannot use in the app. even the online version is limited.
"love it but it could be better. i want to give it 5 stars but due to the fact that my customers can't view their quickbooks invoices and receive an message saying ""error we can't retrieve the requested invoice"". please fix this issue asap so my customers can pay me! thank you."
easy to use. great system and easy to use on the go or at your computer.
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
. this was almost my solution to doing invoices on the road. unfortunately, they do not allow pdf attachments when sending an email. i need to send a pdf not jpegs so until this option is added this app is useless for me.
excellent for the it service provider. as an it service provider, this app allows me to log my hours and mileage in the field. i can even email customer invoices immediately after services are performed. this is, of course, paired with quickbooks online plus, which allows you to log hours per customer. highly recommended!!
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
sad. please bring back the mobile app. the online needs improvements. going back to spreadsheets thank you qb.
so so. hard to understand how to do a lot of things, and frustrating at times. customer service though is very good, i just wish i had more time to work with them.
. very useful software all customers use
needs to be full featured. i love the program but hate that i can’t do into my vendor bills on the app for ipad. i can’t enter them in or view them on ipad. i can on browser view but even it needs to update as everything gets cit off in chrome and when you click the menu button to hide it it does not slide everything over so you can see more.
outstanding accounting software. perfect for sme's. enter bills and invoices on the go including taking photos of your receipts and signatures for invoices. absolutely outstanding accounts package, i couldn't recommend it more, well done intuit!
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck. *tried clearing data, same issue."
quality product. i've just taken over the accounts for the business with little experience and knowledge and i have found quickbooks online very easy to use. issuing invoices and running payroll is quick and simple. the support is extremely good too from professionals who know what they are doing not just anybody in a call centre reading a script.
. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:) 23092019 i wish to ask, wether you can remove the function which not allowed to screenshot ? it is very frustrated when i need to inform my customer how much they owe. please !!!
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
. really handy app, does what it says on the tin lol
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
crashes 3 seconds after opening. latest version is completely unusable on both iphone and ipad. crashes 3 seconds after opening. both on iphone and ipad. did anyone actually test this?
. good app, simple and yet very decent would give 5 stars but the hardware android menu button doesn't do anything. set it to open that side bar, also it needs a speed increase. sometimes it takes over 40 seconds to update. otherwise great app, easy to use. eagerly await updates to this.
. no unit field in invoice or estimation. makes it impractical in real life transactions.
poor service, poor quality product. this product is the worst i have had to deal with. service is non existent, the app is constantly in errors, backing up is slow, the system does manual and not by the operator, everytime the + symbol is used it closes the app. my accountant doesn’t even like the system. i have loaded, unloaded and reloaded the app so many times it’s no longer a joke. quick books tells me they fixed the fault, like never.
. awesome app
. for billing trying to learn
lacking. app is seriously lacking in functionality. don’t buy quickbooks online unless you plan to do most of your work from a desktop. kind of defeats the purpose. way overpriced and they keep raising the price too :( wish i had stuck with the quickbooks pro platform.
. last update made my app work. great job! samsung galaxy s2 sprint epic touch 4g.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
can’t record invoice payments. i upgraded my phone from an iphone 8 plus to an xr running ios 13. i installed the quickbooks app from the apple store. when i try to record invoice payments, i get the following error: qbm.error.00001160.reason.iphone i have not found any articles about this error online.
. so easy and saves money on bookkeeping, very simple for non tech savvy
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
stop trying to make mileage tracking happen, it's not going to happen.. it's fine to ask me *once* if i would like to track mileage through the app. it's *not* okay to ask every time i open the app. it's not a service i need, it's not a service i use. stop shoving it in my face and stop asking me to use it.
. last update made my app work. great job! samsung galaxy s2 sprint epic touch 4g.
. i have only problem is that my overdues 6 invoices are not showing in overdues... please clear this issue
impressive for mobile. i posted a bad review because of some bugs. i received an immediate response about upcoming updates and a week later it was fixed. i love that level of support. nice app too.
. i love the app for onsite estimating and invoicing where ever. a few issues is not fully customizing forms and progress invoicing.
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
. i keep getting a error that says unable to view payment because it includes finance charges. very frustrating when you can't view invoices.
great for invoices on the go. being able to do estimates and have it linked with the office is great.
. i'm getting an error code when i try to click on mileage trips and assign them business or personal. works on desktop but not in phone. other than that it's easy to assign categories for transactions and separate business from personal.
login. i am not able to login.
amazing improvement in technology. we operate a wholesale division, a small brick & motor store, and two large ecommerce platforms that we participate in. quickbooks online and the combination of some of the apps will completely revolutionize how we process our accounting and retail transactions. saving us countless hours of time and increasing productivity
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right. update 020219; still has constant logout problems after all these years. would give 0 stars if i could.
can’t attach existing photo with ios13. with ios 13 you cannot upload an existing photo to a new expense. when you select a photo, the app freezes and there’s no button to accept the photo.
. handy app!
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right. update 020219; still has constant logout problems after all these years. would give 0 stars if i could.
need to see register. touch enabled but still wants me to login with password. disappointed.
. quickbooks has always been a great product
onion vs. desktop. i have just purchased the desktop version. i would.like to use the app to record my expenses on the fly. from what i can tell you need to have an online account to do so. please help if there is a way.
update. says update required to use. i go to the app store to update and no update is available. been using it and working great till this.
over all good app. it would get 5* if the invoices showed more details about the bill. like individual dating for services done. that way the customer better understands the invoices.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
clumsy, slow, crashes often. not a great app, times out saving transactions, sometimes saves them, sometimes not. not worth the money
. i use this app for my small business, and it's fantastic everything i need and then some. all in an affordable package,and it's simple to use also.
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
. stupid 2apps at qb idot coders. so you have one app and it is great that tracks mileage and receipts but it doesn't communicate with cloud quickbooks. then you have this app that doesn't have those features. how can you dominate the market and be this foolish someone's going to come along and take their lunch money.
absolutely amazing. there is no better accounting software on the market, for any size business, than quickbooks! such a powerful tool for such a low price and the qb team are always hard at work making it better.
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
has potential but still glitches. good functionality but i keep getting an error that an item is no longer valid and that i must refresh my data in settings. but there is no refresh option in settings.
login' this app. makes my life so much easier. i can do everything on the go. saves time! love it!
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes.
credit card interface is awesome. i know all apps aren't perfect, but this one does everything i need. i'm so happy when i can set up a new client, invoice and receive payment immediately! this has really improved my cash flow!
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
outdated. the iphone app is way better and has more features including hours and quantity in invoicing. this app really needs updating
simple to use. saves so much time
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
. says an update is available and exits, while an update doesn't exist. given how overpriced qbo is, would be nice if the android app worked...and was half as nice as the ios equivalent.
works great. enjoying quickbooks online makes looking at invoices while out of the office really easy. great features
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
would rate 0 star if i can. only works in trial version. bought it 3 days ago and hasn't work since. i emailed customer support from both itunes and quickbooks with no help. keeps asking me to subscribe (when i already have). i couldn't use it. it's useless.
great app!. this app saves me so much time! it lets me run my business much more efficiently! wouldn't be quite as successful without it. it also has very professional invoices and estimates
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
. easy to use, very good app to invoice an manage the accountant anywere
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
love it!. so far the app is easy to navigate and i like using it.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
. app runs extremely slowly and often won't even open. it freezes almost constantly. using a galaxy s8 phone.
. good app, making it easier for me to work on the road.
. it's an ok app, tends to crash here and there.
latest update. the last update has the photo settings all messed up. you can no longer capture a good picture that will send with invoices. it either won’t attach to the invoice or it’s cropped automatically to the point the entire page doesn’t show. needs to be fixed. already looking at other options for my business.
i love the ease of doing business on the go.. app is fast, user friendly, and i can do all of my business while traveling.
just started. i just started my business and only had a few transactions. when i downloaded qb online it was simple and everything reconciled perfectly. it's easier then the old software too which i am use to using.
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue
. this app is great. i can do everything from my phone. i'm can update at any moment and keep an eye on clients who are running late on payments.
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
. don't make a mistake on quickbooks online! if you do i was told by customers service that i would need to delete all transactions 1 by 1. i have over 10,000 haha. or to delete this account & open a new account, which i did & was told i would be refunded. nope! i'm now being double charged now. thanks quickbooks for wasting a few days of my time and getting nothing done & have to start all over
almost always works. great convenience, except the 2% of the time when the app schnitts the bed
great  when it works.. app crashes often and has trouble down loading data
useless app. used to a quickbooks user a couple of years ago, and it was ok then, but now i have recently returned and find it rubbish. a simple thing like adding a company address is turning out to be an impossible task. total waste of my time. it you are a small business using the app via iphone or ipad forget it. stay away
. muito bom app!
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
easy to use, powerful, brilliant. managing everything on the run is important... with quickbooks i can do pretty much everything i need from my mobile saving me valuable time! only thing i would request is an apple watch app.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
"locks, freezes, and won't sync. updated last week and haven't been able to use it since. i've reinstalled, cleared cache, resynced data... nothing. qb customer service ""can't see any issues with my login"" so who knows ? ive been reduced to entering all my invoices from my computer at home (defeats the purpose of the app doesn't it?). until they fix this update, don't download it."
business app. convenient way to manage business accounting on the go.
found a problem. when creating an invoice adding parts even if you search when you go back to it to add another part it’s still in that same form from before and if you cancel nothing happens you would have to search for whatever else you want by name, you can’t just scroll please fix
they just keep changing the app.. my biggest complaint about the app is the limited features on customer entries. the pc version you can enter a customer as tax exempt on the phone you can't. further if you open the customer information on the phone and save it it will clear the tax exempt status on the pc version as well. so it is a constant battle to keep who is and isn't exempt straight.
timesheet and expenses. it would be a great app if our employees could access and input timesheets and expenses. maybe one day.
easy here, hard there. you can tell this is more for business that need to create invoices more than purchase orders. desktop as well. i’ll give 4 stars when they add a po feature to the app.
app doesn't connect on ios 9. ever since ios upgrade 9.3 and quickbooks mobile app doesn't sign in, always says check internet connection. it's a bug in the app and they know it, we contacted support to fix it and they said they are working on it and will have a solution by end of may. this problem has been on for more than 4 weeks with no solution. poor app with poor support. not recommended at all.
. estimate and invocies are greate only thing i would like to see change is a quixk customer function so i do not have to add every one
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
app keeps crashing. even when i try to leave feedback the app crashes. no issues on desktop.
. very good app. make invoices in a snap.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
crashing on ios13 please update asap!. crashing on ios13 please update asap!
convenient. works great. i love that i can keep track and update transactions wherever i am.
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
great features. great features but would love if i could do sales receipts (and attach photo) and credit card refunds on the mobile app. everything works great and it's very nice having the option to use the mobile or the desktop.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
very disappointed.. right now i'm looking for something that can run with my business. looking for more features less bugs and more useful.
great app. quickbooks online works really well, fits my needs as an independent consultant. the mobile app is great for keeping me current on the fly.
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
useless. app is slow and hard to use.
. absolutely love this app. we use it to keep our books for our trucking company. it is easy to use and convenient for tracking our business!
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
. this is a f_____ing scam i have been trying to cancel this confusing app for months i need some help
. great app! easy to use.
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
. i dont see why the mobile version doesnt sync with the desktop version. so if you bought thr desktop version, you can log in on your moblie device to send quotes or upload expenses on the go. then when you get back to the desktop its already there. seems stupid to charge extra and they dont sync together.
. great app works and does what is needed to run your business away from you computer
truly mobile accounting apps. i have tried for a few days and it give me an impression that i can finish all my accounting without going back to desktop. it use the camera of phone wisely.
crashes non stop on ipad. crashes non stop on ipad
great & uptodate!. this is a great little app to give you access into the back end of your quickbooks online account. great for doing simple invoicing and adding expenses. i still use the desktop browser for more complicated reports and such. well done and intuit keeps the app up to date thank you!
fix crash. my quickbooks app was crashing on my ipad 3, after i did the upgrade. press and hold the app icon and uninstall it. then, download it again. it now works.
still slow & buggy. home page shows update date as current and. transactions to reconcile yet when i go to the individual accounts to do it the numbers are either wrong or transactions not there...
great!. running my business has been so much easier since having quick books! invoices are no longer time consuming or hard :)
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
bad update. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program.
very effective. i’ve used very expensive accounting software but quickbooks offers just as much as many do at a fraction of the price.
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
good. excellent app. some very slight issues with layout and the occasional page that can't be used on ipad. but overall good. would recommend to others
great app. it works flawlessly. does what it says. clean design
i spoke, they listnened. i have had my fair share of frustrations with intuit and when they send out questionnaires i answer them and my biggest complaint was no access to a p&l which is now apart of the app. it's perfect for what i use it for and there's nothing like creating invoices and getting paid on the go. great update and thanks for listening.
glitches. app has lots of glitches. try to create an invoice and it was not working. quickbooks has been awesome up to this point. i run my whole business through quickbooks in this new update has been a disappointment. should've left it alone!
. love this app. just wish i could create work orders
limited features. good app but still too many features missing that require logging in to the website. e.g. vat and paying salaries as expenses.
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software.
works good. does awesome job for business, accounting
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
never even got it opened before it had an error. i have never had this in my life,my business barely has a name and it said an account already exists under my email address.. sounds like there are some issues to work out
fantastic app. the best bookkeeping app available. love this app. my bookkeeping has never been so up to date.
. if i can navigate this app, anyone can! super easy and really professional. i'm loving it! i love the different reports as well. thank you!
doesn't support timesheet entry. i have an account through my employer that is only used to enter timesheet information. this works great through the quickbooks online website from my pc, but when i try to log in through the app it tells me that i do not have a quickbooks online subscription.
very useful application. it really helps me stay up to the minute with my business goings on.
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
lame and useless. don’t waste your time punching in a bunch of data only to have limited access to reports and editing. total bs.
. absolutely love it because i can enter transactions in my books anywhere. it's very convenient.
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
. this app works well in ios, but a total disaster on android. i was supposed to renew my subscription, but instead, it routed me to creating a new company under a new subscription. i wasted my money for something i do not need. do not download this app.
. extremely user friendly, customers love the on the spot invoices and ability to sign for and pay for work right on the spot!
. please make a simple way of uploading a photo to an invoice (instead of through create note option).
broken. i sign in and all it does is take me to a screen that says it isn't quick books mac. the only buttons on the screen either take me to a webpage saying the app isn't quick books for mac or takes me back to sign in.
awesome app!. best way to keep your finances organized!
don't like new update. i prefer buttons actions on the bottom than puede corner and still missing two things, send invoices by text, fax, edit or view notes online
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
so helpful. i am a small biz so this really gives me the flexibility i need to do accounting on my phone. it's really helpful. quickbooks itself is a great software and the app really shows its quality. many thanks ~j
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. i have 2 quickbooks online accounts. not only does the login not even process half of the time, my accounts from one company show up under the other. if you're looking to move to quickbooks online for the mobile app you're going to have to wait. af far as bug fixes go, this has been going on for at least 10 months now so i'm not holding my breath.
good app. it's come a long ways since it was first introduced. can't be without it!
. there was about to be going to be fight if those people dont get away from my accountant.
no customer service. i like the application and the features which can be improved of course, but i can't give them more then two star. is more than one week and no technical support. i can't buy this application without support.
excellent. great app and program.
not bad. pretty nice app. went from desktop manufacturing to quickbooks online. i like having access to my books while at craft fairs and being able to use different devices. still needs some work  it's been weeks and my gopayment account is still not linked and now find out the online doesn't acceptrecognize the chip reader. square app is more robust and may use that instead. also would be helpful to have a mileage tracker.
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
very good.. we've been using this app and have been very impressed with it.
it works ok. using this app for serval years now. mainly i’m bothered by the small glitches and performance of the app, not so much quickbooks. every so often a new annoyance will pop up.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
sales manager. love this app very easy to use has all i need to conduct business on a dayli basis
love it but..... seems like new technology with some bugs. also some reciprocity issues with what can be done on app as opposed to phone. i know intuit will refine and well worth it. it is helping me streamline my business networking system!!! love it and look forward to giving a 5 star in couple years!
. requires some changes. dashboard does not update data.
quickbooks. great program for the phone and computer and syncing together and great for small businesses that are on the go.
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
. the app has no way to change to accural from cash basis
. a great awesome business app lets you control your finances and send off invoices
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
absolutely terrible!!!!!. this app is garbage. funny that intuit is in their name because there is nothing intuitive about anything in this app at all. complete waste of time!!! complete garbage. just trying to set up the basic information about accounts that i use and tailor the app to my needs was excruciating. i can’t say enough about how bad this is!!!!!!
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up!
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
. awful app...one of the main reasons for converting to online from desktop was 'receipts on the go'. it's a joke...most of chart of accounts is missing and so are the bank accounts i'm using for transactions! so entering and recording receipts on the go is impossible. if this is important for you, use xero!!
. i love how this apps keeps me and all my expenditures, finances and all in check. extremely handy for my small business!
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
opens the closes. after the last update of quick books i can not access it on my ipad. there for it is costing me money. i hit the app it opens the closes right back. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it is the same thing. i have 3 jobs i did today that i could not take payment on because of this. please fix asap
. very nice updates to the app. easy to use in the go.
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
will not let me access my info!!!. ever since i got new phones for my technicians ,samsung s5, i have not been able to access any of my customers, transactions, or invoices. i use qbo for my business, but have now lost all mobile capabilities. if not resolved, i will be forced to use a different accounting software. 5 stars if working properly.
. just started and loving it i have only been using this app for a short time but it has helped me stay on top of the business side of my work and has made invoicing much easier!
scope for lots of improvement. given that this app has been out for many years, it seems like it has been neglected. the interface shows it. for example, if we touch a vendor, only the address shows up and nothing else. ideally, all details related to the vendor have to be displayed  po, bills and payments. many such improvements can be done.
bad update. last update renders the app useless
quickbooks. they added the ability to sync with quickbooks online, so finally made this app great
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
nothing but glitches on my ipad. really not worth it nothing but problems one operating on ipad
no timesheets. i wish it had employee information access. would love to be able to track hours from the app!!!
emailing payment receipt. via the phone app when i email a payment receipt it opens my email app with texts as opposed to sending the pdf payment receipt as it use to do prior to the last 3 updates. this was confirmed by one of the staff from intuit.
crashes upon opening. do not install. keep your prior version until they fix this. upon updating the app no longer will open. i called quickbooks and they said it must be a known issue then.
. quickbooks is amazing. i use it for my company and have never ran into any problems. they have a wide spectrum of things you can do, and the are probably the cheapest options for accounting software. #quickbooksforthewin
. i am doing my husband's billing for his company, since it was taking so much of his time. since this not my 'real' job, this app makes it easy do billing and record payments from any device at any time. thank you!
waste of time. crashes at least 50% of the time i try to enter an expense while on the go
sales receipts please. can you add the option to add sales receipts please? great app, thank you.
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
not enough!. this app does not have the functionality that qbo has. therefore, useless. if we can't use the ipads in the store, what use is the app? 1. can't enter an invoice with the details 2. can't enter a vendor bill and do splits. 3. can't put payments in undeposited funds. 4. yep, useless.
. i do invoices and print from my recliner. love this app. and sometimes generate estimates minutes after finishing my work before leaving the clients home. very convenient !!
. i can show up on the job given an estimate 10 minutes later i've got a down payment , and the confirmation to do the job i've never had this ever before in my life
does not work. app does not work. wish it did, but it does not. none of my vendor activity shows up, profit and loss does not scroll past first page. better no app at all than one that does not work.
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
subscription error. while i love the program, it had cancelled my subscription and won't let me do anything. get this fixed and you'll be back up to 5 stars.
. it's not perfect yet, but does what i need invoices and sales receipts in the field that i can print with my mobile printer. the recording part isn't as good as my desktop version but i know with time it will be improved.
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
useless for mobile access. doesn't have any of the features you would expect from a mobile app. if you want to do anything other than create a invoice or view transactions you put in from your desktop, its a waste of time. no balances, no accounts, nothing useful at all.
great. this app helps my small business tremendously. very easy to navigate, enter and retrieve data. very affordable.
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
slow to load and outdated info. the mobile app is pretty much useless, continues to give outdated balances, the only report available is a basic p&l. i need to see a running balance, not just the bottom line which is usually wrong but no way to check! i see many updates but no improvements, only rate increases!
invaluable asset for this one man show. love having the ability to run my business from my phone. bill clients, collect payments and capture expenses all while balancing the banking records and viewing company reporting (basic p&l etc) on the go is amazing! keep it up
. please add support for whattsup business app
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
nice app that works well!!. works well, well thought out and presented. helps me day to day for sure!!
easy. it could be a little bit easy to use.... invoices could be customized to add options like hours....
poor need lots of work. this app is terrible on the ios and android. i’m using it on both and it has tooo many bugs...
. love this app, saves me a lot of time keeping all business details together, everything at your fingertips. great at tax time, bas time and just a great all round. a couple of things i don't like but i'm trying others ways to get around it.
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
buggy. super buggy and currently unusable. fix your app qb. we pay good money for your service.
. exceptional experience and great customer service.
nearly as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices
. restart the app error. uninstalled and reinstalled app. same error.
pretty good. it’s really great but there’s a couple of things you can’t do like work on reoccurring invoices.
new to quickbooks. i decided to switch my established business from square to quickbooks and so far i have no complaints. it’s fairly easy to use. the only thing i’m currently waiting on is for my transactions to clear and be deposited which takes about a week since i’m new. should be a breeze after that.
poor experience. the app is extremely buggy, unstable, and very slow. logging into the app is unpredictable and i'm randomly logged out. entering receipts is quite painful to say the least, and is impossible without a decent internet connection.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments. would be nice if inventory feature wasn't additional cost
. good app for a start up business and it will grow with your business.
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
. user friendly, simple to use.
good mobile app.. good app. unfortunately it won't allow you to look up customers by address.
. seriously? this is the best you can do? ! so limited on basic functions. *updated review nice try quickbooks on the reply...no, your laughable update is ridiculous! not to mention the mobile device website lockout to access via mobile browser.... taking away another star for bad public relations. welcome to 1996 if you try to rely on this app for your 2014 business.
. the app does awesome it keeps me organized and constantly lets me know what i'm spending my money on. it has helped me better manage my money
expenses. how do add an expense thats on a 30 or 60 day account?
not working. great app when it works which is 1% of the time between it crashing and freezing i cringe every time i have to use it on the road
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 2 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank, calculate the vat! the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
. i can't delete my account! i installed the app, and create profile, but it seems that there is no way you can't delete your account or ask quick book to forget your info, i'm afraid i shared my info.
. the best accounting software i've used. though i haven't used a lot to be fair.
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
disappointed. do not download this app. i'm sorry i did. extremely flawed.
must have!. absolutely vital to my daily business. clients are impressed when i produce an invoice on the spot and process their credit cards before i leave the job site.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
bug. current iphone version doesn’t let me enter expenses. every time i try, i get an “error: please choose a template before saving.” huh?
. loving this app. super easy to use.
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
. not able to login to app since one month now.
easy. seems to do everything i need it to.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
. this app is the biggest piece of shut app i've ever used invoice asap is 10 times better yes it will connect with quick books but quick books on this app particularly online sucks dick i would rather have a disc version on my computer then online version whom ever came up with this version should have their hands chopped off
makes my job so much easier. simple enough to use but detailed enough to get the job done.
awesome. love this app... i'm about to do a lot of work from my phone.
no grouping of customers or invoices. services that the regular version have.... i don't know why they didn't carry this over. if u have more than one customer base or if u need to send the same invoice to multiple customers you are out of luck. hope they fix soon very annoying
. new to the program
crashing after ios 13 update. after ios 13. i can not log into my quickbooks app please fix this asap
app crashes ughhh. app crashes after you sign in. please fix!
great invoicing app. works great for invoicing needs.
awesome. love this app... i'm about to do a lot of work from my phone.
please fix me. ios 13 ijust upgrade cannot write items into invoices
very good!. very flexible product. love the mobile application. would like more canned reports and the ability to print weekly time sheets. overall a 9 out of 10.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. excellent software
. you should make the interface exactly the same as the desktop version. we don't mind paying more for online, knowing that we constantly get updates, and logon capabilityfrom any computer and can have the online backups. but having the desktop vs online being totally different and opposite from eachother is annoying. i will give 5 stars when this changes.
"ridiculous!. i can't believe that i pay $20 a month for an app that won't even let me ""break out"" deposits!!! i am treasurer for a non profit organization and this is crazy! my $ could, and will be spent elsewhere."
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
. i like everything except when using android does not let you check history of customers if it's older than a year say. ios however does. i have android. i need to call one of my employees to check history on their phone which is silly
very helpful.. this is a great app for writing invoices on the road, it's been very helpful!
incomplete. well laid out and functional. without banking though it's not as useful as i'd like.
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
. great app
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
let me add my voice. this is an excellent program. i can not think of one thing i don't like about it... well done quickbooks!
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
. cannot change estimates from pending to accepted on android version.
quick books. great app
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
. great software for small businesses.
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
quickbooks online on macbook. quickbooks online is constantly crashing while i'm creating my invoices. every time i enter a line entry i have to take the extra time to save it because the program will freeze up and i will have to force quit and restart the whole invoice over again. i rate it a 1 star only because i can't rate it any lower.
. very easy to use. let's me print legal invoices on the go. can also provide quotes and estimates.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
the app have few bugs & the customer support sounds like they not familiar with their products. when you create a new customer and saving it and then you need to change some information in the contact it still shows the previous info contacted customer support few times and they are useless
. it's a good app. i recommend that if you're a small business or a freelancer, you may install quickbooks online...
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
messed it up with update. i don't like that invoices send through intuit, nor that the app no longer integrates with gmail for emailing clients. please get rid of the pretty colors and fix the functionality. this update really makes the app much harder to use.
great software & online support. quickbooks support is great
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
have been waiting to get this app. awesome!. great app! easy to use. wish i can take payments from this app.
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
extremely limited. no credit memos, you can't have a simple addition of how much you have to receive in open invoices at a specific date, no journal entries. i have only my ipad pro and if i try to access the web version, it's not compatible with any browser on ios. so you're stuck and you need a pcmac only for these things. it's a terrible, terrible experience.
good product for on the go bookkeeping.. i have more than a few clients i do bookkeeping for. this apple ap does a good job of keeping up with their books. the bank feed is by far better than the desktop version and it can be done on my iphone. i moved my company books from the desktop to qbo so i can invoice on the go instead of waiting to get back to my office.
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
. cant send invoices via email like we used to. needs work. it really put us in a bad spot.
amazing app. i love this app makes everything easier for me and faster. this app is amazing i just love it!
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
app keeps crashing. please fix your app... i pay a lot of money a month for your service and this app is terrible. for the most part i have to log into the online service to do any work. please fix your app
. thanks for making our financial records tracking make easier. software is amazing. suggestion: please add purchase order in mobile app.
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
loopy. i tie to sign in and it returns me to sign in again. i even reset my password still doesn't work. it loops back ! crap
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
bad program. won't send estimates and invoices. buisness cash flow has been screwed up.
great app, very useful and always improving!. this app is the greatest tool in our businesses ability to streamline work, easy to use.
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
my review. when i put in my login details it says 'error' and that's just about it. it won't let me on
quickbooks is genius. i don't normally write reviews for apps. but quickbooks online is simply amazing. i've been using it for over a year and i absolutely love it. i can download transactions from the bank so no boring data entry and can create invoices on the go on my phone. so good.
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck."
. simple and convenient
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
needs a lot of improvement. missing a lot of features and information available with the web browser connection. can't see vendor history. can't sort how inboxes etc are listed. a few other issues. freezes often. in the middle of invoice entry, the system bounced me out for some reason, while not saving the work i had entered to date. did that twice. before i closed out and went to pc web connection. i love the possibility this app offers, development need to fix and enhance
review. love quick books but feel very much alone when it comes to new stuff or thinks i need help with it would seem to me that qb think that everyone as the same knowledge level as they do and a diary like the original one with barclays bank would be very useful
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
be warned about quickbooks. this is not software. it’s ransomware. every two or three years they make it break and force you to upgrade. the upgrade is the same price as buying it new. the online version is just as bad. when i started using it it was $15 a month and now it’s $40 a month. be smart and don’t become a slave to intuit company.
huge asset for small business. love the flexibility this app provides. i can do everything from the app that i can do from the desktop although it takes twice as long. however, as a small business owner being the accountant and the laborer it is great having the ability to pull up invoices with clients and email invoices on the go.
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
worthless app. i was excited to find this app and, unfortunately, downloaded it. i really cannot figure out what is good for other than creating invoices. confusing when you open the app, it does not get better as you get into it, not that there is anything to get into. i run a small non profit & just found this app useless, except for taking up space. what a pity as i have been a qb user for years.
love it. makes life so much easier
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
. the service online is terrific. the app errors anytime i try to update from my smartphone for over a month now. support is unresponsive via email.
great and makes things easier. the best thing about quick books is that they have unlimited live customer service to help guide and assist you. that's a real plus to me.
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
veryy unhappy. i have a flooring company where i give discounts for different reasons. i am upset that i can not add a discount nor does it give me the option to add it to tge invoice pleade fix it immediately
it just made my business easy. thanks qb and my brother mohit. a very good app for every startup and and firm.
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
. i dislike it ,zoho books much better than this. bcoz i am not able to add my company logo, not even able to edit my invoice number, not even to able edit my invoice columns. i wasted my money.
. great app
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
. i use quickbooks online with a scheduling program that is synced together. i am a one man company but you could never tell. thanks to quickbooks. l also have increased profits
. no matter what it wouldnt let me sign in, making me reset my password only to get a different log in error. after uninstalling reinstalling i'm still left with the same issues
great app. this has transformed my business. it is so easy to use that i now do my accounting on my cell phone.
i can use my phone and ipad!. had the desktop version for years and loved it! always updated every couple of years and learned the new changes. then went to online version, little less features but was more mobile. now i have it at the office, or anywhere! some features are still a work in progress  like receiving payments, but this quickbooks team has been developing and updating since the beginning. great accounting software!
support. very sad that for a pay per month app does not work properly. have emailed support on numerous occasions with no response.
awesome. i love how simple it is to create an invoice on the go. this app is definitely essential for any small business owner.
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
greatest app ever. i love the “capture receipt” feature. makes life a whole lot easier.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
little disappointed. qb on the cloud is a great idea and that's why i'm using it. however  wouldn't it be nice if the mobile version dis half what the desktop version does. i use mint for my personal finances and for a free service their app does it all. qb please get some programmers to get this app fully functional! i understand that you may not include every function but expenses??? that's something i expected to be able to do on the road.
easy to use.. easy to use. also like customer options to pay after sending invoice.
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
. dont bother if you dont have access to pc or laptop.basic features like editing customer email is not available on mobile devices including tablets.if an invoice isnt sent because the recipient email address sends it back,you have no way of knowing that an error has occurred even when attempting to check via any web browser.caused me £1000's of cashflow headache. contacted customer support,got a nonsensical response.made it sound like the problem is an actual feature of the app and software.
. i travel for work and this app is awesome. i can write and email estimates, invoices, and recieve payments on the fly. it makes my life way easier.
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
transactions import. major problem is transactions import . i spent a week looking for the right tool that is compatible with qbo. then i discovered that it will not import because my country that is registered in my account is not usa!!! why qbo doesn't have import transactions feature same as customer import
. great app for on the go invoices
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
. didn't get any customer services after emailing them.
a1. great saves money time talks to my accountant, does estimates, converts to invoice simple
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
i love it easy to use !!!!. easy to use and easy to navigate!!!
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
top notch. awesome! don't know what i would do without it. i guess put everything on paper lol.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
. great app
bitch ur fucked. all over culiacan and the net
service date is still broken. has had this problem for months and a fix has yet to be included in an update. will be not be staying with quickbooks.
. it's great being able to update invoices on site with customers right there to make sure they understand charges and such!
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
won't download. the app says that there is not enough storage on my device yet the file size is just over 30 mb and i have well over 100 mb of available storage. very frustrating!
slow. can be great and convenient but it can also be very slow (just like the online version). won't always let you edit invoices through the app.
. anyone please answer, how can i open a quick book file through this app which i was created by my laptop
meh. so slow loading new pages invoice templates are ugly hard to view invoice view doesn’t quite seem “google” more like a government website that got a makeover
great program!. super convenient and easy to use.
. fine app. would get 5 stars when i can do inventory
. it works only ok. if there was a better 3rd party app, i'd use it. most of the time i'm frustrated using this app. either buttons don't work, attachments don't save, or some other random instability. i want to do more with the app and i want it to work every time. the design is questionable too. why are things labled differently than in the full version?
great app. accounting on the go!. ahh my favorite part of the day just got a whole lot easier. this app lets you track you individual transactions on the fly. it also lets you categorize and itemize expenses. if you like neat books and your on your phone a lot this app makes things easy. it's free so just try it out.
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app. please add bills to the mobile apps.
stops working too often!. not a bad way to do your estimates in the field and send out invoices but your app stops working way too often for us company wide!!!
. very user friendly
has features the browser doesn’t. i can see addresses on the client list, and it integrates with maps to get driving instructions
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
nifty. the app won't do everything the website does, but it's a handy tool for when you're out and about.
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
. how do i unsubscribe? i've been getting charged 5 bucks per month for a app that i deleted
best ap and program for home business. i trailed several other programs before quickbooks. it allows me to split an expense between personal and business which others wouldn't. the ap is easy to use and love that i can take a photo of the receipt. no more loosing receiptshaving them fade etc.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
inapp purchase, but not stated in advance. rt
so useful. i have just upgraded from quickbooks 2006 to online. can't get over how much more useable it is. i can check my accounts whenever and wherever i am. it's actually quite fun to use!
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
new to quickbooks. i decided to switch my established business from square to quickbooks and so far i have no complaints. it’s fairly easy to use. the only thing i’m currently waiting on is for my transactions to clear and be deposited which takes about a week since i’m new. should be a breeze after that.
. wonderful app! extremely helpful when needing to createsend an invoice on the fly
. really nice accounting app. loads of integrations via desktop browser. even a desk top app that i suspect is node based. the best feature which is lacking in other accounting apps is transaction memos. that £200 i lent my mate in july is useful info when you look back a year later.
. installed on android yesterday. cannot see anything on dashboard. called customer service and they don't know anything about the issue and can't help. she said she can see it on her iphone. account can be seen on desktop version but the mobile app is useless.
. i travel for work and this app is awesome. i can write and email estimates, invoices, and recieve payments on the fly. it makes my life way easier.
. how to manage inventory ? i need to know the state of my stock, ie item, quantity, cost etc as the sales goes on how to do that ???
does not work after update. tech support recommended i get a android. claims apple is the problem.
muy útil. la app es excelente, súper útil!! pero estoy pensando en dejar de usarla por que es demasiado costosa.
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
quickbooks online accounting software.. this app is not a doubleentry system accounting app, but rather a singleentry bookkeeping in which you only need to log each transaction of income or expense once, in the way quicken and other check writing software programs work,
one man show. this app helps tons: estimate and invoice from anywhere.
. found a better app for my needs
can't log in on nexus 5x. i haven't been able to log in on my nexus 5x for 23 months (maybe longer). i can get to the login screen and put in my credentials, but when i click next it errors. tried uninstalling and reinstalling. even installed a qb app update recently if i remember correctly. still can't log in. tried emailing info to support, but i still have the same problem. i can login from my computer or ipad mini just fine.
. helpful app. makes doing my books a lot quicker and more simple.
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
game changer!!!. highly recommend qbo for any business trying to keep up with the cloud. the cloud is the future. for our needs converting to qbo from desktop was the winning choice. qb is constantly improving and it shows. we had a lot of people advising us to dive into the desktop version more but i followed my gut feeling. glad i did. it's my opinion that the desktop will be a dinosaur very soon.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
lacking bank register. i don't really touch the other features, i'm solely interested in coding bank transactions when i have a few minutes spare. cannot be done via this app.
. quickbooks is simple to use and makes the book work easy for myself as a small business.
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
horrible app. you can’t add time activity. this has to be the stupidest design i’ve ever seen. you’re in the field and the most common use would be to add billable time. i’m about to switch to another provided if they don’t get their act together.
. easy to use and simple to edit
add more countries. i really love this app but my country, ghana is not part of the selected countries please kindly add it.
does not work or match online version.. does not work or match online version. we cant make it accurate or work correctly. do not use.
great for tracking business and personal expenses. great app
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
. super simple and i love the fact that's it is simple and keeps me on the move
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
hopeless. ever since my accountant asked to use it, the app is never able to retrieve any data keeps giving a message to say ‘unable to retrieve data’. what’s the point of the app if i can’t see the dashboard and data when i need to?
excellent app. ease the booking... awesome
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
. great app to use along side quickbooks online. i like being able to send estimates and invoices on my mobile device with the quickbooks app!
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
newest update. loved the app until the newest update. now for some reason i can no longer receive payments from my phone. which is very frustrating. i have closed out the app, restarted my phone and still can't do it.
. must have app for a small business
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
. i didn't worry about computer crash losing all my data plus it goes with me everywhere. but the app does not work right now. 7 weeks & no feed back
suberb. really great app
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. 1.3.20 still hate it no ""billable button"". zero stars"
. great app i love it
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
. not intuitive. bad customer satisfaction services.
. excellent invoices and accounts at finger tips
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
easy. i'm still on the trial but it helps me move from paper to electronic pretty easily. feels even better that it is all in arms reach.
i spoke, they listnened. i have had my fair share of frustrations with intuit and when they send out questionnaires i answer them and my biggest complaint was no access to a p&l which is now apart of the app. it's perfect for what i use it for and there's nothing like creating invoices and getting paid on the go. great update and thanks for listening.
. absolutely unless on android. it does not show the right invoices overdue only a select few and shows completely different things and different sums of money on iphone compared to android phone, in fact its completely different on all platforms i.e tablet android, ipad, pc windows and iphone.
progress billing & payroll. those two items alone differentiate this on line accounting software from all the others. their tech support is always helpful. progress billing is done through projects, it’s getting better, the use ability is getting better. this also allows project costing. 
finally becoming useful.. new banking update is great, now just get it to work. very buggy and extremely laggy. you hit an item, then do it again because nothing happens, but it switches to the next screen and you end up clicking something you didn't want to. very frustrating. fix this and 5 stars. on galaxy tab s 10.5 running lolipop 5.0.2
app will not open after update. app will not open on my iphone, making it impossible to input expenses and worse still accept payment on jobs!
entering bills?????. why have intuit decided not to support bill entering on this app?!? it great i can import my paper receipts using the camera, but whats the point if i can't enter as a bill only an expense?!?
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
newest update ruins app. after updating my app touch id no longer works and i can't receive payments and clear invoices anymore also it makes me sign in every time i open the app , before this update the app worked perfect and deserved a 5 star rating , you have ruined it and made it unusable , you need to fix this.
perfect for a small consulting firm. this app is everything i need for my consulting firm. easy to use and easy to keep track of expenses on the road. invoicing is a breeze. love the data in the cloud. take a pic and throw away those receipts! works flawlessly between my mac, ipad and iphone. no complaints whatsoever.
sage. there are far too many bugs for my business to depend on this. what is really more important than dependability in book keeping software? besides there are very limited features to begin with.
this mobile version sucks. you can't do all the things you need to make the forms as you can on your computer. and if you have the old online version on your computer do not update to the new version you'll likely wish you hadn't.
i love qb.. that is a great app for me.
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
. quickbooks technical support is very bad and technical support dont know about how to customised form of bill and showing in their theam but donot show in my bill how to solve it thay don't know ..... and my network speed is 5mbps but opening quick books need time 10  20 minutes to open ... i don't recommend any one for supscription or purchase .... this is a overall very slow software
fantastic for when you’re on the move. this app has really helped me operate more efficiently from a mobile office. the ability to quickly and easily produce quotes and invoices from my ipad has been extremely useful. the app isn’t as fully featured as its desktop counterpart but it does enough to suit my needs, whilst i’m on the move. i’m running this app on a 10.5 ipad pro and it has been flawless.
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
could be better!. need reoccurring billing, invoices need to be more clear after multiple invoices have been sent. it would b a great idea to have some agreement templates.
great. had some problems at first, but i was helped promptly and the problem was fixed immediately. great support team.
crashes when adding images of receipts. i want to give it 4 stars, but the 2 things i do are problematic. crashes when saving images of receipts every 3 or 4 times. also i can't add time entries which would be incredibly helpful. really close to awesome though.
. too often getting experiencing technical difficulties when trying to login.
best addition for any business on the go!. the free trial was amazing. my favorite part is having the ability to send invoices. while setting up my merchant services, customer support was kind and easy to work with. now it's easier to bill my clients from my phone. i track everything. get the quickbooks app. you won't regret it!
just started. i just started my business and only had a few transactions. when i downloaded qb online it was simple and everything reconciled perfectly. it's easier then the old software too which i am use to using.
. dont download this update if your using an lg phone... after update unable to sign in... i get thru the sign in screen then it crashes... pos
. excellent way to utilize your phone to help keep track of your expenses!
great but needs some updates. just recently i am unable to log in to my company. i can get on to my online account, but not on the app?? says my email and password isn’t found?
pretty basic and useless. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
so far so good. i’ve only been using a short time, but i like the speed and usability, more than on the desktop app.
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
asim hussain. loved the life
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
. bad app
. until now i'm happy. i attached all my expenses and i can see how much money i have invested in by small business.
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
tiene errores. en las últimas transacciones tiene errores no carga las últimas
great app!. this app makes using accounting software extremely easy and convenient! so easy to go from phone, tablet, and pc.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
catastrophique. les à nouveaux n1 ne peuvent pas etre saisis si on a commencé la saisie n. obligé de tout effacer et de tout ressaisir. la date de cloture n’est pas modifiable en cours d’exercice. obligé de tout ressaisir. donc je passe à autre chose.
very mobile. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
liars. they lie about the app and what u can do with it. run away fast.
convenience. work, document, review with my custom needs, deliver receipts to my customers in one transaction and get back to work with my mind clear to work for a reasonably affordable rate.
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
. opened a trial account and went to add an account and it just hung on me. not a good start. also the reviews from other customers are horrendous. this looks like a company that has forgotten to look after it's customers. shame i used quickbooks before and it was great.
. acho ótimo, muito organizado e intuitivo, tanto para uso profissional quanto pessoal.
new to quickbooks. i decided to switch my established business from square to quickbooks and so far i have no complaints. it’s fairly easy to use. the only thing i’m currently waiting on is for my transactions to clear and be deposited which takes about a week since i’m new. should be a breeze after that.
constantly freezes. no search option
fantastic app for small business. i have been using quickbooks for a year now. before i used to use myob and it used to cost me double what i pay now. it has all the features i need and usually works without any problems. i can write up quotes onsite, and send invoices before i leave the job. i highly recommend this app for small businesses.
. excellent just sometimes login doesnt register
where's my payroll!. i can wait to do revenue and expense entries until i get back from vacation but i need to be able to pay my employees. useless without it.
easy to use, plenty of features. pretty good value for an entire business accounting, sales and inventory app, cloud based as well so can be accessed from anywhere.
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
be careful. when printing invoices from the app it has a tendency to eliminate parts of the billing address. scary.
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
. as a quickbooks user anytime i'm in need of the app it's been brilliant. missing a few key features, but as i mainly stick to the web version it's fantastic when needed
. sorryest app i've had. cannot even log in.
wht and whvat accounting. great software, but requires improvement to include withholding tax accounting
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
slow to update. pretty useless app.
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
. the app is unusable and highly inferior to the web interface. when you create an invoice, it always defaults to retail invoice without the facility to change to tax invoice, so i'm forced to use the web interface for invoicing. suppliers activity always shows a blank page so again need web interface to view suppliers balance, expenses etc. can't you people make a decent app ?
great app really does work for my business. really easy to do my accounts and invoices.
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
. i am unable to see invoices dated back more than a few months. it is also hard to search by name.
love it. so easy and convenient to use !
great but not perfect. while the app works 95% of the time there are some annoying glitches. some of the menus could be better laid out and some entries should be automatic. it would also be nice, when selecting the quantity of an item, that there would be a + and  symbol for easy editing. i'm also baffled why i can't do a deposit like i can online.
constantly signs me out.. it’s infuriating. just leave me signed in!!!!!! even worse sometimes as soon as i sign in it says “please log out and log in again” this app is bs
good app and makes life easier. it's a easy app to use and simple to navigate.
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
. best app yet
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
nightmare. since the latest update quickbooks has been a nightmare. multimillion dollar company that relies on mobile invoicing that does not work now!
couldn't run my small biz without qb. have used for 4 years. always learning new things. have a great customer service  support. very user friendly for us biz owners who don't have a background in billing  payroll.
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
terrible. terrible functionality. doesn’t process many transactions. don’t buy.
cpa. i love this app! i can take care if my client s with my smartphone.
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
. it wont let me use time activity can u please update it cause we need to use it in the ceild more than at the office
great app for managing every business finance needs. i love most of the features available, really great app and ecosystem. this is truly what every startup and business owners should have to manage their business finance. on the cloud and available to use at any time.
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
. doesnt work!!!!
. extremely organized and great looking invoice platform. it's an amazing app.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
touch id fail. qb  please fix the touch id feature. it's useless.
simplicity. this app has only gotten better and better with each update.
good but. it would be great if you could take a photo of a receipt instead of having to scan and save to a location on the phone
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
phillip of cgc. great app
has features the browser doesn’t. i can see addresses on the client list, and it integrates with maps to get driving instructions
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
one man show. this app helps tons: estimate and invoice from anywhere.
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile
. makes it so easy to invoice and estimate on the go.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
. conforme já relatado por outros usuários, o app oferece uma promoção de r$13,99. porém ao efetuar a compra o valor é quase r$50,00... engana na propaganda então já parto do princípio que o restante pode não ser bom!
. very good and intuitive, i had trouble recording all my sales, but it's super practical with the app
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
needs updates. same app. works okay but very limited functionality. i figured since online version was updated they would've made changes here too. disappointed at how's long it's taking qb to add accounting functionality to this app.
great app.
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken.
excellent online software. i love this system made my job a lot easier my phone is my office
. excellent just sometimes login doesnt register
recent update. worked great until most recent update. can't create new invoices now. when you save it says it's saving but then just stops.
admin on the go. i have been enjoying this app, much better than the old quickbooks desktop version or reckon hosted. good to see a company with the market share still focused on improving things. wish it had been available in new zealand sooner.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
not easy to use. simple tasks like entering a transaction are complex. app and online qb have a slow response when tapping things. just overall frustrating trying to switch from desktop qb to the app and online qb.
. great app.
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
qbo for mobile is fantastic!!!. i love being able to invoice a client on the go with my mobile phone. so convenient.
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
. great app!
. interface not good compared to the ios version.
. quick books online asking me to update app through website .... will not open. says to email you the results or error and someone will get back to me.... not yet been 5 days
. this is app is so convenient! love it!
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
. i've been using quickbooks desktop for 15 years and have always loved it. the switch to online was as smooth as can be. this app is saving me time and money. i highly recommend!
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
awesome i just need to learn to use it. its awesome i love it but im new to it so i have a little bit of trouble using some of the features but im sure i will get the hang of it with time n experience
. awesome intuit continues to improve the app. i feel like i get more for my money.
android function. i would give more stars but i didn't because i can't get the suppliers details and transaction from my android device i have only customer details since its avaliable in the iphone i expect to have it in the android application as well
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus! i only wish this app would allow me to process ach and credit card payments on the fly!
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
. app is so slow and doesn't have the functionality of the full web version making it pretty useless
this makes business owner life that much easier. i love this app, intuit is the best period. i also have mint app but this is easier for me as a business owner as weird as it may sound
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
touch id is pointless. needs work!. the new update was supposed to fix the touch id issue. you can log in via touch id. however if you kill the app or restart your phone, you need to log back in using your password. what is the point? i want to log in via touch id everytime. that's what it's there for.
really good program. keep up the good work
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
. can't use, there is no google login like on the website
mobility at its best!. is like having your business at the palm of your hands! just sent out a $40k invoice while on a cruise ship in mexico. also love the storeforward function. no need to be connected, once you get connected it will be sent out. great app!
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
. log in issues and it stopped tracking my mileage on its on. i'm trying to pull my information for my taxes and it will not let me log on. more than frustrating, i want my money back!!!! and yes i have tried reinstalling the app!
satisfied customer. i'm a new user of qb app, and like what i see so far. it's easy to use and is a great asset to help keep my finances straight. it's worth the $10 per month.
owner operator. on the go? this app will help your business keep going without slowing down!
getting there. each update adds more functionality, but much is still missing compared with the pc version.
. great billing software
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2017 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays last years (2016) scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. just another step to my day to day book keeping tasks...
best app ever. i've used qbs for a long time and it gets better every year.
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software. update: this was a problem they had seen and were working on. they fixed it and informed me of the fix a few hours later. working now.
great app. the app does everything i need on the run. thanks
online user. i find this program easy to navigate then the desktop. not as cluttered as the desktop compact
. really, no way to tell a bank account to go get updates? i wasted my time downloading and using this app.
waugh and son's marketing.. great app lets me check what's on my computer and add little things when needed.
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
. 1 star due to being conned by the sales staff. downloaded app and was offered 50% reduction if i signed up. next day get a call from quickbooks sales team saying they could offer the price lower for 12 months, signed up and looked at the offer on the app was lower. its a good tool but sales obv just want to meet their targets
would never trade qbs. you guys are incredible, from customer service to product. i've been a customer for years and this app just tops it all off. love the ability to have as much in one. payroll, invoice, file attachment i can go on and on! keep it up!
. love my quickbooks online, but this app lacks the one feature i need. i'm an attorney and want to be able to add single time activities. it's often when i am out and about that i need to capture some time, and this app would make all the difference.
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
fantastic. amazingly simple to use and syncs with all of the apps us use for my business (nab, square, stripe and wix)
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
horrible service. this is the worst service.
. great app!!
. cant add expenses or clients to qb through my smart phone
avoid like the plague!. app doesn't work, says trial expired. customer support are unhelpful and have no idea when it will be fixed. we have a years worth of books on this and now we need to find new software  we've been in business for more than 26 years and have never known service like this. seriously, find another solution. this is not the software you are looking for.
. i like the app in general. please add inventory on your next update. it will be more useful on our comoany while using android.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
sync. why is the app taking forever to sync and most of the time says unable to sync? every week i am having to delete the app and start over for all of the files to download. refreshing within the app does nothing. with all of this said, i love the desktop version.
great app. it seems to work well! i would suggest it, you can easily go from a laptop to ipad to iphone...
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
garbage. i still can't login since last updated. it's been a freaking month
. i am finally happy 99% with qb online quickbooks has finally added the ability to add expences through the android market. it is now, by far the easiest way to send out estimates, invoices and add expenses. i'm a contractor and it works perfect for what i do. well worth the $40.00 a month, trust me. ............
. i think this app is not a bad idea. just that it doesn't have where i could upload my logo. buh all same it's a very cool app
scope for lots of improvement. given that this app has been out for many years, it seems like it has been neglected. the interface shows it. for example, if we touch a vendor, only the address shows up and nothing else. ideally, all details related to the vendor have to be displayed  po, bills and payments. many such improvements can be done.
. little difficult to use interface can be made more user friendly but still very helpful app to use. definitely recommend ed for buying the package of available on discount
finally becoming useful.. new banking update is great, now just get it to work. very buggy and extremely laggy. you hit an item, then do it again because nothing happens, but it switches to the next screen and you end up clicking something you didn't want to. very frustrating. fix this and 5 stars. on galaxy tab s 10.5 running lolipop 5.0.2
app keeps crashing. app keeps crashing since i got my new iphone. it opens then closes right away. i’ve tried deleting and installing again, i’ve tried rebooting phone; nothing works. any suggestions would be helpful. thanks
nice apps. nice apps
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
very beneficial app. this is a very beneficial app. it does not replace the pc version but is an excellent aid. it's helpful to send invoices on the go or at the end of a service call. the sooner the customer pays the more chance you will get paid. as long as you keep things simple it is a very good aid!
please update. please update so it wont crash with ios9
"don't bother. it says above ""get full access to everything quickbooks online has on the web"". but in fact it is a totally different application geared to salesmen on the road. don't expect to see your accounts here, all you have is:  customers  estimates  your invoices and sales receipts. very disappointing; forget it"
. i just need it to do invoices with 2 taxes and it seems to work good
. it runs my entire backoffice. very happy.
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
great app. so helpful. i love the signature on smartphone for delivery confirmation. wish i could process bank statements and send customer statements on the go though.
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
landscape company. i like this app as it helps me stay on top of the billing before i leave the site. but the client care and billing is horrible customer care is the worst in north america. stay far away from this company. they bill you when they are not suppose to.
love it.. i love this app it is very convenient and works so nice when i'm on the run for quick access
pretty good but no international customers?. the vendors that are set up as eu or other don't show up on interface, a problem when half your business is international. also, entering invoices is cumbersome, only use for extreme circumstances. but nice to have something that partially functions when on the run.
dead in the water here.. i have been using qb on line for a while now. there is still a lot of bugs that will drive you out of your skin, and nobody gives a dam. today the app updated and now i can’t even get in. waisted my entire evening reseting my password and still nothing. i have had it with qb!
. very handy for a lanscaper on the go. now i can email invoices as soon as we are finished right from my smartphone, wether i'm standing next to the customer or in the truck. makes my life easier
. i don't know how to express or show and i am not going back and back or round like a clock. wise, but i only know 1+1% i am still in? so i am going to use quickbooks account. and thanks again. i'm happy for every thing.
. cannot open the app. it shuts down with an error.
epic help. this app is very helpful for me it is very good
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
. perfect! never have an issue & do not plan ever going to a different kind of software.
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
. use this app in desperate situations. features are limited. i cannot record deposits via this app.
great resource. love the app capability and ease of use.
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
no sign in recognition. i have been using the online version on my pc for a while. the mobile app will not let me sign in no matter what i do.
. great app simplifies accounting so much!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. poor customer service. substantial amount of time wasted trying reach a human.
impresessed. this app helped change my business!!!!!!!!!
it works ok. using this app for serval years now. mainly i’m bothered by the small glitches and performance of the app, not so much quickbooks. every so often a new annoyance will pop up.
it's adequate. i still can't search my customers by my address in the app, i can't pay taxes, print via google print, or do a lot of what i can do with my online version. the new version of quickbooks online even looks like it was meant for touch capacitive screens, why can't this be the same? 2 stars because it works, but it was a stunted attempt.
a long way to go. basic but does the job not the best app
cogs. i need to be able to track inventory and cost of goods on my ipad like right now, please
. kind of a rip off, squares a lot better allows the same things and you don't have to pay a monthly cost. and you don't have to pay for customer support for square. could be for other people just not for me.
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
rubbish. ridiculously hard app! can't even edit or customize invoices with ease on computer. to difficult. better off with myob!!
love quickbooks app. very easy to use definitely recommend
. login worked no problem this version. previously could never login.
not connecting. used to work. now after login it's not connecting.
small bussines tool. perfect! for on people with small businesses that are on the go. this app makes my life easier! i totally wish it was cheaper!
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
not good. app and site are actually kind of bad. slow to load. not enough options. will try xero soon
. brilliant app
. what i don't like about quick book is that when u use your phone to record a payment. you have to use the computer to move the cash from undeposited cash to cash in hand. but it is a good accounting software. and i love it
". i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it."
great program. i am a startup welding company, so computers are not my strong suit. literally self taught with qb’s help section, and a couple video tutorials. i mange my companies financials, expenses and payables on my own. this is a big feat being a neanderthal who sticks metal together.
missing key funtions. app is great for billing and reviewing information. only function i see missing the would give this app a 5 star rating is it doesn't allow for time entry's to track employee times per job.
. how does this app can help the people in the mlm business ? ( ex: amway , avon and tuperware )
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me.
great app but sign in issues. wont let me sign in anymore keeps sayin error restart app.
too slow. too slow, freezes, doesn't show if the email has been sent and other things... quick sale is way better.
easy to use. excellent app. very straight forward to use. the only issue i have is not been able to raise purchase orders on the app. this is very important to me because of the nature of my business, other than that it's spot on.
. you don't need to understand double dutch accounting to use it.
app keeps crashing. please fix your app... i pay a lot of money a month for your service and this app is terrible. for the most part i have to log into the online service to do any work. please fix your app
so easy. this app makes it so easy to print invoices for my clients on the go! also cuts down on time that i have to sit at my desk at home and allows more time with family. great app.
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
why so many permissions. this is a great app but it does not need to access my photos not my conacts, etc. as it is our privacy is getting invaded i don't want other apps to access anything more than what it should.
great app. convenient, reliable. constantly being improved. keep up the good work!
. this is no longer working at all for me. i can't even log in. it was working fine until this weekend. something has changed. intuit need to fix this.
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. edit: the developers comment below doesn't work as of 130619
makes accounting much simpler. i've been using this app for a few months and find it to be really easy and accommodating. the app when used in conjunction with my desktop program helps to alleviate a lot of ambiguity and oversight.
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
. this app made me feel more in control of my own books
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
". i have got a problem to add my bank details. the website doesn't work, after i chose ""i agree"" (under my bank description of using). please sort it out asap."
love it and support intuit provides. very convenient app for expensing. had an issue crashing while logging in and customer support was very quick to respond.
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
. quick books online asking me to update app through website .... will not open.
. best app for doing business on the go! best customer service by far!
. found a better app for my needs
won't allow adding services to invoice. i called tech support because i could not create an invoice for a customer. they had me uninstall & reinstall qbo app. it still wouldn't work. he said they're aware of the problem. it's still not fixed a week later.
quick books. your small business fiance organization and report app.do all your small business tasks from here.
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
does not do simple qb tasks. this app does not have all the functions as the computer online version. i can't run simple reports and the payroll app which is separate does not allow me to make changes to the employee information. doesn't function like you need it to and it put me in a bind when i went out of town with just my ipad. i would not even give it one star. worthless.
. great app, can generate invoice on the go and get paid!!!
liked it until it stopped working.... it suddenly no longer connects. called quickbooks and they said they don't support the mobile app .... update..contacted developer listed in some of reviews and he got it working...
can not save estimates. i'm able to imput items for estimates but error message pops up when i try to save.
almost five star. the app is good, no crashes , only problem is that there has to be away to enter supplier bills , posted to accounts payable, not only as cash credit card payments
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
elecsmart electricians ltd london. great app could do with some tweaks here and there but 5 stars are given !
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use! still not working!
i love this quickbooks!!. it makes my life easier and helps me with my taxes. just a few clicks and a email and my tax guy has all he needs
. app is nice but it stops automatically some times
new receipt identification is much worse. the new version of the identification of receipts when taking a picture to upload to an expense is much much worse than the previous implementation. this version hasn’t worked accurately once in 30+ pictures, whereas the old version worked accurately 90%+ of the time. how does this stuff get through testing...? :
great app. i use this app every day.
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
crashing all the time. i know it's version 1.0, but still. it's crashing left, right and center all the time. you may want to wait 68 months before this app is stable.
great support. we use the app almost exclusively to keep our business mobile. recently had an issue and contacted customer chat to get it resolved. they had me screen record it happening and said they would push to engineering for fix. honestly didn’t expect anything fast but they fixed the issue and included it in the new patch. it’s been about a week or less so a big thank you the support teams for getting it fixed and getting us back to normal.
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
. naughty. doesn't tell you untill you've down loaded and set up it's only a free trial. now looking through it i can't find anywhere to delete to make sure i'm not charged.
rave. i have enjoyed having customer information at my fingertips on this app.
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
simple but robust.. with a great user interface connecting with the larger data and programme, i’m impressed by the elegant and obviously intentional design. when i look at my phone, i’m looking at exactly the kind of information that i would need on the go. very good design work by these guys.
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
. doesn't work in india
pefect. just a fantastic accounting system & app. very easy to use & has all the features you need. transformed my way of accounting.
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
crashes. app crashes every time i'm using a lg g5 emailed support for help 3 weeks ago no response.sent response never heard back.
. quick books online is perfect for a small business owner like myself. i can have a professional bookkeeping,payroll, and tax service with also being able to provide estimates and invoices out in the field. its perfect!! thanks so much much quick books. trey blocker blocket tree service
. my only dislike is that on android it will only being up the last year of data... where on my daughter's apple it brings up all data from many years ago
. when it works, its great. don't count on it when the internet is even remotely slow. i had to resort to another sales app to complete sales. lost sales and it cost me more money to use the other sales app.
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
love this app and online version of qb 😬. i converted to the online version of qb from the desktop version and i have to say it was the best decision i made! my primary laptop crashed & nothing could not be recovered, the online version of qb was never an issue & continued seamlessly. this app is such a convenient perk to qb  i can't say enough how fabulous this app is. love it!
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
. this app works well in ios, but a total disaster on android. i was supposed to renew my subscription, but instead, it routed me to creating a new company under a new subscription. i wasted my money for something i do not need. do not download this app.
. just makes life so easy and simple to use once set up
great but not perfect. while the app works 95% of the time there are some annoying glitches. some of the menus could be better laid out and some entries should be automatic. it would also be nice, when selecting the quantity of an item, that there would be a + and  symbol for easy editing. i'm also baffled why i can't do a deposit like i can online.
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
". just signed up. you get a 24hr trial and then it asks you to spend $7.99mo with a 30% off discount (not sure if that is included, or what). so much for a ""free"" app."
love this app!. i can send invoices anytime, anywhere from any device :)
. after i finish a job i get my invoice right out to my clients, it starts that (30day net) clock ticking.
. keep having to login which is annoying. very slow in general. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. after 3 years, still quite disappointed with it.
. best software for any business!
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. this is what happens when a company gets too large. first app worked fine and then suddenly refuses to connect to my bank. customer service is a joke. reps were unable to figure out why error 103 kept appearing. after two hours on the phone i was then told it is a systems issue that needs its own ticket. two days later an email arrives stating that the issue is resolved. guess what, it wasn't!! come up intuit! you can do better than this
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go but would love to have the actual versus budget comparison on the dashboard instead of having to bring up a report.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
how do i remove this app from my iphone?. i do not want to use thus app and now i cannot uninstall it from my iphone. l try by holding the icon and get a message asking if i want to share it. does not show in my settings so i cannot delete it there either. can't find online help.
couldn't perform like we do without. great app!!!! highly recommended. tracks and categories everything with moderate input from you. great on tax day!
. still somewhat confusing.
. really hard to un subscribe , cheep get what you pay for ...
. more user friendly and flexible than sage
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
always something hidden. is there possible to get something without paying, like an app that i originally paid over 200 ,now to have that app on mobile divece pay again,but on regular basis. why just make an app where i can sync all info at the office or home
the best invention since the wheel. i am extremely happy with quickbooks. i’ve owned restaurants for over 20 years, and i started using quickbooks about three years ago. what a nightmare it used to be doing paperwork. i could not live without quickbooks now to provide for me and my family and employees. the best investment i ever made.
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
. inuit customer service is a joke
. nice app...very usefully
. good app, but it is expensive....
don't do latest update. was working great until latest update. now i cannot create any invoices.
. nice and easy accounting software but the prices is high
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
. not all customer payments showing on android, on iphone was no issues except some crashes from time to time and signing out by itself.
useful app. the app is very helpful for my business, i just which the stock category could be more detailed towards distribution more. but i do give the app the thumbs up 👍🏾👍🏾
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
crashes. app crashes every time i'm using a lg g5 emailed support for help 3 weeks ago no response.sent response never heard back.
tax preparation. i love quickbooks. qb has everything i need for my accountant at the end of the year. makes taxes soooooooo much easier 💗
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
no longer loads. after upgrading quickbooks online, this app no longer loads on ipad or iphone. please fix.
great program!. very easy to use!
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
i doesn’t work for personal finances. i have tried to get my personal finances but failed. this app is meant for business accounting only and there’s no way of using it work for personal accounting purposes. so, basically this is not the app for individual personal financial accounting. look somewhere else for it if you are looking for something similar to quicken.
. great app. for business on the go. love doing invoices com my smart phone.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
unable to login. trying to login on iphone from my user & password but unfortunately unable to do. the same user & password is working proper on my pc. kindly resolve the said issue at the earliest. thanks.
mario osorio painting and a&t housecleaning. love this program very friendly and very easy to understand for my self and my bookkeeper.
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
there is no sku column. quickbooks online is great but if you are a reseller good luck sending a p.o because it doesn't have a sku column so the mfg won't know want your ordering. this is the worst thing that and you can't do sales orders.
simply superb!. quick books app really took my accounting overview in a single glance. thanks qb team for amazing ui
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
. i've tyred everything!! deleted re download log in log out tryed it on anthoer phone i've rung your company up i've taken out a case and nothing has been done it's under investigation been like 4 days now!!
great to use on the go!. love this app. i use it alongside the website, this is on my phone. it's not as easy to navigate around as the website but it's not intended to use totally on its own. i love being able to send invoices whilst doing other things  really helps me to consolidate my time.
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
. doesn't work for the last few months on any of my devices. called many times support and they said they are aware of the problem and they are working on it. this is insane!!! i'm paying every month to get the online version and it doesn't even let me sign in. it shouldn't take month to fix such a problem.
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
. slow customer service meant i was unable to upgrade from qbse to quickbooks online. tried clear books instead, app is not great but otherwise they are a vast improvement, particularly the bank sync which is so much more reliable. i get the feeling qb have grown too quickly and do not have the infrastructure to support their customers.
easy to use, even for a newbie!. great app. easy to use, even for someone with little accounting knowledge.
app is awesome but works better on iphone than android. love the app however why can't i pull up profit loss statement graphs on my s6? this was extremely simple on my iphone 5. any help?
please update to support iphone x. please update to support iphone x
working great. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
this app is harmful. support is useless or you really can’t recover the emails you sending to the clients with your invoice
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
quick and simple. simplify your life!
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
. the app has stopped working on my phone, i've been trying to log in for 2 weeks now and it constantly said the internet isn't connected, which it is. have sent an email via your contact details abs had no response regarding this issue.
making my job easier. more than i expected and easy to use
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
pretty bad. they will lie about the processing time for electronic payments. also, the customer services is the worst you will get. after waiting 30 minutes on the phone, you will get a representative with english as a 5th language. good luck.
quickbooks = easy bookkeepping. love the mobile app, very easy to use. access accounts from anywhere, raise invoices, pay invoices. simplified bookkeeping!!
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
. this app is super easy to use. love it. idk how many estamates iv created on the fly and converted them to invoices.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
doesn't sync open bills or invoices. it doesn't show any of my current or closed bills that have been entered for vendors.
. love this app great for my small business
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
great app. i using this app for my business is so easy the handle it thank you guys for this great app
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
. the app sucks really bad, it's full of continuous bugs and it is unstable, every time you try to add attachments to expenses the app freezes does not save and shut down, find another solution because it's sad.
couldn't live without it. love this app. makes my life as an accountant easy! now that we have shifted our business to a more mobile one!
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
crash books pro. this terrific app asks you every few minutes to rate their program knowing that you want to tell the world how you can't send out an invoice without the app crashing. *update* i am having more issues with the app then ever. i can only assume quickbooks is either more useless then i thought. or they are retaliating for my review of their product. i have never had any program work this bad and i have worked it.
excellent app. im using quickbooks plus online n also the app..its easy to use...but sometime delay to update in the app after do activity in desktop.. ☺
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
. cannot cancel subscription been trying for over 2 hours i will have to go to bank and change all of my account numbers because of this plus redo all of my direct deposits and all of my auto pay bills ..do not fall for this app
great app for managing your accounts.. great app, would definitely recommend it.
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
. app crashes a lot. several times after updates are made to the app it will crash after i have to sign in again. now it just crashes after i try to sign in.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
crashing at start up with ios 13. love this app but it crashes with ios 13 :( please fix
. not very user friendly. can't preview invoices. can't load tax keeps giving errors. can't setup invoice layout with logo ect.... already paid in advance but can't use it.
. great small business app for on the go!! love it!
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
over promised, under delivered. the desktop app is slow and the mobile app is lacking pretty important features. their tech support is horrible and can take days to resolve an issue....if they even admit that there is an issue.
one step submittal group. very good online software
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
app doesn't work. since updating this a couple of days ago, can't open the app at all. please sort!
. very convenient app. makes business much easier.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
basic business. although it does have obvious business needs covered. it doesn't offer the next step in organization. without the ability to create work orders, or track services performed. it remains a minuscule part of my daily business. it really doesn't have anything that separates itself from other simple invoicing programs or applications. it's cloud based convenience remains the reason for my usage.
app needs help. great desktop program. the app needs to be able to track mileage and time on a job. that's really my only complaint the more i use it the more i like it
. really nice accounting app. loads of integrations via desktop browser. even a desk top app that i suspect is node based. the best feature which is lacking in other accounting apps is transaction memos. that £200 i lent my mate in july is useful info when you look back a year later.
. does basic accounting. cool. i paid money for this. clunky interface. settings buried in random locations. the desktop, browserbased, application is equally, if not more, terrible. this is a professional product?
mgrm. great app
. it's an ok app, tends to crash here and there.
terrible app. half the time i can not download my banking info, i can not do invoices. it’s junk for what you have to pay for it. i’m finding something new.
so good!. quickbooks on my phone is awesome. it’s terribly easy to see old invoices for payment rates and amounts and to get signatures when delivering our wine.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
crashes ios 9 dont download. incompatible with ios9. can't run business properly now. please fix asap.
. quickbooks is useful for non finance managers like myself. hopefully improvements will continue on some of the less obvious areas
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
easy to use. great app! gives me most things i need to know on the go. however, i wish it would show me revenueexpense charts.
keeps crashing. i can't do anything with the app. every time i try to open it, it closes out about 5 seconds later. worked great until the last update.
agree with useless. not what i expected. does not have the same functions as qbo. disappointed! would have been great and convenient if all functions were available.
great. great app i use it everyday, makes invoices a breeze and makes it easier at the end of the year for tax purposes.
better if had a progress invoice option.. almost complete, but not perfect. still missing progress invoices feature. i’m using 2 apps because i need that.
app ruined. come on!!!!! the app is totally unusable now. can't save invoices, can't email them to the right person and can't create them with the correct info. this is the type of screw up that someone should be fired over.
. great app! it gets the job done!
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
poor app not intuitive. some features are good, but (and it is a big but), the desktop app does not work, the web app is poor and the iphone app almost forces you to make errors, which you can't seem to undo. this is a waste of money. if the app were more intuitive and flexible then you'd have a winner. for now you won't be putting accountants or spreadsheets of business.
. great software. helpful for my business
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
. this app is rubbish. it doesn't do the single thing you'd think was necessary using phone camera to take photo of receipt to attach to transaction.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time. it works great with my small business to easily access invoices as well as the payment logs.
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
app not working on iphone. i’ve been trying to install the app on my iphone (6s) with the current version of ios for the past couple of months. the app downloads and installs. when i tap the app to open it, the screen briefly shows the intuit quickbooks logo and then closes. i called support but the told me to go to apple. the ability to use the app to capture receipts etc was a big draw to using quickbooks online. very disappointed.
. this app is perfect for our small business.
great but not perfect. while the app works 95% of the time there are some annoying glitches. some of the menus could be better laid out and some entries should be automatic. it would also be nice, when selecting the quantity of an item, that there would be a + and  symbol for easy editing. i'm also baffled why i can't do a deposit like i can online.
very hands off. this app leaves me powerless to explore my business financials. so different from the full web version. i was dissappointed!
. great app i recommend to anyone and every one. thanks
awesome for my business. can’t do business without quickbook. really efficient when it’s time to prepare taxe income report.
broken app?. once i log in it says there has been an error and closes. could someone from intuit please get in contact with me about this?
. it is simple to use
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
security update  unable to sign in. since the security update for sign in features i'm unable to sign into my account using the app.. defeats the purpose of having it aug 23, 2016  just redownloaded the app and have full access once again. oct 20, 2016  unable to select cash, check or credit account to pay an expense.
love it, but needs some work. reeeallly wish i could cut a po on the app. other than that, the app is a great tool
. there was about to be going to be fight if those people dont get away from my accountant.
invoice and estimates not saving after last update. you will have to delete app. then reinstall then it will save.
. it's amazing app
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
. i haven't been able to update a draft invoice via mobile in over 2 years and it's been a known issue? instead of adding new reports all the time, work on the basics please.
. been using this app for almost 5 years. cant think of working my buisness without it!!
pool guy. quickbooks forced me to update from our quickbooks mobile windows invoicing system to quickbooks mobile with only five days notice. this was very poorly planned by quickbooks and put us in a bind. however the new quickbooks mobile online system is truly fantastic and offers many more powerful features and ease of accessibility. recommendation: this app needs the ability to create a monthly statement that i can email from my phone to my customers. currently i can only do this from a laptop.
needs work. this app has a lot of functionality, but lacks consistancy with the web version. as it is today, i can't send an invoice from this app which looks the same as i send from the web version. if what the customer sees becomes consistant i could give more stars.
. great app
. the app is great when it works! it took 3 times of deleting and reinstalling to get it to work again. but its working perfctly again.
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
awesome!. has worked better than any other accounting software i have ever used!
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
. very useful app.
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
a couple requests. could you make the search able to search by words in the invoice. i do automotive repair. like if i typed in starter it would show all invoices with that in it
cis unfriendly. useless if your a contractor or subcontractor. if your in the construction industry, this app is useless. you cannot create cis invoices which renders this app useless.
perfect for a small consulting firm. this app is everything i need for my consulting firm. easy to use and easy to keep track of expenses on the road. invoicing is a breeze. love the data in the cloud. take a pic and throw away those receipts! works flawlessly between my pc, mac, ipad and iphone. only gripe is the ipad & phone versions are not as similar as one would expect.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
poor experience. the app is extremely buggy, unstable, and very slow. logging into the app is unpredictable and i'm randomly logged out. entering receipts is quite painful to say the least, and is impossible without a decent internet connection.
easy to use. easy access to all key features and very responsive app
categorize expense. useful. would be better if it can scan the photo and also categorize expenses.
no chart of accounts or banking. poor version. no access to chart of accounts, registers, or online banking.
. very good app
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
not happy. when i first got the app i fell in love i had problems with the desktop version , with the bank option on the online version witch you removed i was able to log in my transactions very quickly , i would appreciate it if you would please bring back the bank option in the menu asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
very convenient and up to date with technology. i love the ease of bookkeeping using this app. a perfect complement to my accounting software.
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
. app stopped syncing transactions, useless!
almost right. love the quickbooks online app. use it on both my iphone and ipadvery easy to generate quotes onsite. just wish it allowed me to do purchase orders!
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
. awful software!! support is ridiculous. 6 month of transactions went missing. now have to buy software for $80 to convert pdf to qbo files and upload manualy. what a mess. try something else, not trust worthy.
. perfect app for my realty estate business.
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
crashes too much, stressful. doing accounting is difficult enough. why did quickbooks create an app that crashes and creates frustration then?!
quickbooks online. fantastic easy way to invoice and keep in touch with customers on the go
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
junk.. not great. doesn't support photos. i guess thats to be expected from intuit. always a little behind the game. don't bother with support either they are worse. i have had my ipad cleared twice by their support. inventory and all. wonder why the go payments cant work like an invoicing system. talk about the blind leading the blind!
. great app
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
hated to give them low rating. was scammed by an indian company 4 years ago and quickbooks didn’t reimburse me so i must give them 1 star until i’m made right.
. love this app for my business!
nice but buggy. first i'd like to thank you for a great app that makes my business easy on the go! needs some attention but on my s5 it doesn't appear in the multitask list and my friends iphone has the ability to match bank feeds also which is missing on my android?
. doesn't update banking and doesn't have a taxes tab
great app!. it's clear they've put a lot of thought into the experience here. smooth ui and they keep adding features. thank you!
please add delayed charges. i like this app, but i mostly do my bookkeeping at my desktop. delayed charges are something i would like to add on the fly, using mobile. please add!!
. your log in process is pathetic. its always asking me to verify and that process takes over an hour most of the time as it keeps resetting to the main log in screen. if you can't fix this i'll cancel my subscription
. best accounting on the good app
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
. try to subscribe to take cc payments got denied because of the service we sell. we are a sports league that take payments from teams and players. well gotta go with square i guess.
slick accounting app. just as the title says, very easy to use for on the go accounting and collaboration between accountants & ceo's
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
. app crashes after login. reinstalled and still the same error. android using pixel 3. super annoying
quickbooks on the go!!!!. i love the program and app. i find that it's easier through the app since i can just take the photo right from my phone. i recommend this for anyone!!!!
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue. it has now been a week and this is still an issue.
quickbooks is good but…. slight learning curve and seems to have a few annoying bugsquirks.
small business owner. it's fantastic and professional for service contracting for management, but the fact that the crew in the field still use paper carbons to submit & clients want paper makes this a major problem. if the client doesn't give an email, or the field crew doesn't get the right info, i end up spending extra hours trying to figure it out...
fairly good . . . but. i can't believe they offer milage tracking with the intro version, but as soon as you up grade to a more powerful version it is dropped. i need this option too and now have to go to a completely different app to record milage. that is a real waste of my time.
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and redownload it relogin yeah that doesn’t work.
simply functional. app makes invoicing easy, and allows you to track any outstanding receivables. should make tax time much easier.
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
. signed up 6 days ago for self employed package, although it says in the package i can use the app, when opening the app it states i have not signed up for it... emailed asking for help, no reply. scheduled a call back for tuesday 13pm, noone called. poor customer service. i will cancel and find another accountancy program.
great app. it's a one stop accounting app for me and it's made my life so much easier having it.
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
glaring omissions. this would be a decent app if it could do the very basics of the online version, but it can' track mileage or track hours. why?????
. made life easier as a small business owner!
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
. awefull, not suited to non accounting folk. unless you fully understand the system it will not represent the companies financial status.
new to app. am enjoying being able to automatically list expenses & add receipts as i go. other apps promised this but kept crashing. i feel that i can now better control my finances.
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk please tell me who to email in response qb
. i use quickbooks on a daily basis and having a mobile app makes my job so much easier!! you can do anything on the app that you can on the computer. i'll continue to use this great service and app for my business.
. login worked no problem this version. previously could never login.
app crashing. after updating to the new version, app is crashing. kindly resolve the issue. not able to use
. user friendly
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
. the app is unusable and highly inferior to the web interface. when you create an invoice, it always defaults to retail invoice without the facility to change to tax invoice, so i'm forced to use the web interface for invoicing. suppliers activity always shows a blank page so again need web interface to view suppliers balance, expenses etc. can't you people make a decent app ?
quickbooks. very good app i will purchase after my trial thanks
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
not free. this is a free trial, and that is what it should say. now it is going to take me 2 hours to get it removed off all of my devices! annoyed!
i love this app. small business owners dream, easy to use, inexpensive, web based....awesome on the go
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
quickbooks . . . not so quick.. would like company info on the invoices to be able to email or snail mail them. would also like to be able to change some of the categories in the invoices. not very user friendly.
. useful. allows invoicing, and updates on the go!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
. still waiting on a transaction from last week. was told a lie. biggest mess i have ever seen. stay away from go payment . now it seems they kicked me off quickbooks from this bad review. way to go quickbooks
great app for small business. makes invoicing on the go easy!!
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
tons of bugs and glitches. there are lots of glitches and lack of features in this app. the vendor transaction history is spotty, many vendors and missing history all together. profit and loss report doesn’t scroll. can’t see the true checkbook register of checks that are written out but haven’t yet cleared. it’s really not very good.
. i use this app every day. i love it and it makes book keeping easy. the key is to enter everything.
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
good for at a glance. very basic facility, but better than nothing. estimates that are not accepted do not show up, frustrating if you are with your customer and trying to complete a deal.
electrical contracting business. very easy and convenient to use. my accountant can log on to it from her office saving me the time and the trip. i appreciate the phone app especially for unexpected service calls.
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
i love quickbooks!. if you have a small business, using quickbooks is a no brainer! awesome program and i would highly recommend it!
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality  i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
. great app
. slick app designed to make your business life better.
slow. can be great and convenient but it can also be very slow (just like the online version). won't always let you edit invoices through the app.
essential to running my business. this app is very helpful, highly recommended
"love this app. it is so awesome to be able to login to our accounting software and services do an invoice right from the service location we just finished up on... i can actually send a store manager a estimate sheet as a ""what was done  sign off sheet for his record in the case of a corporate billing. i am so glad i chose qb's online..."
. this app takes forever to do anything. it literally takes a minute just to open after i tap the app icon. completely useless. information is not reflected correctly during use. just use a web browser instead.
. excellent app
. it will not show proper reports when there is multiples companies in a login (this problem is only on my android phone)
fairly useless. this app is difficult to navigate. it doesn't come close to mimicking qbo for pcs. the functionality is very limited. it's ok for looking up some things but difficult to update info such as logging checks or deposits.
fantastic!!!. brilliant app. never even noticed the expenses bit so will have to fill this out for the year. absolutely brilliant. first class
. cant add expenses or clients to qb through my smart phone
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
banking on the go!. it's a great app because i can work from anywhere.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
. poor. this app worked fine for 2 years and now they have recently removed the feature where it automatically adds receipts to transactions. the support morons keep telling me it never existed in the first place but i used it for 2 years! i'm now looking for another app to use in it's stead. avoid it at all costs.
great app but needs banking. this app is great since the last major update, but all i want now is to do my banking on it too.
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
not sure yet. too early to rate this app. only second time me using it. ill check back in a couple of months with a more thought out opinion.
. quickbooks makes it so easy to keep track of expenses, invoices, payments, mileage... everything really. i'm glad i chose this over the other options.
. it will not show proper reports when there is multiples companies in a login (this problem is only on my android phone)
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
easy to use and navigate. love it.... it's a huge step up than our last accounting system. love that the reconciliation is so easy.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
. the app offers no simple means to cancel your account should you wish to do so. their help desk also seems eager to push you off on to other, equally unhelpful venues. they also informed me that once i manage to cancel my account (if even possible) they will continue to hold on to my personal information, defeating the point of cancelling an account.
needs additional function. this is a great app for limited situations. it needs support for bills, deposits, and bill payments.
. je n'arrive pas à le télécharger!! fini jamais ...... :(
. it sucks
. great app, much easier to invoice customers.
"cool expenses feature allows upload of receipt  needs croppdf tool. one of the best parts of the app is the ""expenses"" feature, which allows you to enter all of the details of an expense on the go, including the expense account, how you paid (credit card, etc), and any memodescription of the transaction. i'd like to see the image upload function in expense allow for cropping, and even better, auto pdf conversion with cropping, like the camscanner app"
. terrible app, customer service is a joke with no follow up. switching to a different accounting software.
. i just use the app for invoices while still out on the road. works a treat.
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
"don't download latest version!!. software was great before the latest update. now, no more touchid support, no ability to email invoices. we all remember what apple did with the maps mess, i wonder if intuit will have the testicular fortitude to ""can"" the person who attempted to update the already good software?"
easy for newbie. started out with the desktop version of qb and migrated to the qbo platform. so much better for me and easy to use now. i can send a quote from my phone and then invoice once the job is complete which for a lazy guy like me keeps me on tasks done billing times quicker. highly recommended
feedback. the app would be better if you were able to enter bills not just expenses. very annoying to have to also use my desktop computer to finish my book work.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
. really easy and great to keep on track of things
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
login will not allow me to paste my password. i use quickbooks online, so i use a very strong password that is stored in an app (1password). it would be extremely annoying to hand type a 25 character random password into this app. and i'm unwilling to compromise my security for my online financial data. therefore this app is totally useless to me.
great. not perfect.. very useful program. could use a little bit of polishing though.
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
limited for multi user. i wanted to be able to have a an app that i could send with my field employees. this one does not allow more than gross limits on data.
great for small business owners.. awesome app. very convenient and keeps the finances and work orders organized. takes some trial and error but well worth the effort to learn this system. you tube has many instructional videos on how to expedite learning this program. price is reasonable for what you get. don't hesitate to get it. if anything you will learn something.
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
rubbish. the openoverdue invoice section won't show the invoice details. it keeps saying the filters are wrong. the suppliers invoices only show the payments made not the actual invoices. support make all the right noises but nothing happens. it has potential but it still needs more work.
. buy the extras!
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
app doesn't refresh with changes. the app doesn't refresh right away making it appear as though changes i have made aren't saved. however, when i get back to my computer all of my attempts to make changes like adding customer payments have been saved. for example, one time i had the same payment recorded 3 times.
good app. great app easy to use
nice tool. i like this tool a lot but it could use more links. you need to add the ability to add to the time sheet service. i upgraded to use that on all my business phones on the field and low and behold support lied to me and said it was possible. so i upgraded and guess what it's not in the app.
just couldn't create an account. not sure what the issue is but it keeps encountering some problems everytime i try to create an account. never got past that stage. so it's no use to me if i can't create an account to get started.
great accounting software. perfect for small business owners with less knowledge of the accounting world. very user friendly.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
worst update yet. just deleted. crashed. didn’t update banking. five star to one in a flash.
powerful mobile app!. love this app and use it all the time while on the go.
. found a better app for my needs
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be.
great app. this program work great on my galaxy tab.
. every invoice i have done since the beginning of 2017 says 90 plus days past due
the app was a wast of memory on my phone. and the generic responses to past posts make it worse. sorry, your app is giving you a bad rep..
great app. easy to use
few options for a businesses. quickbooks does it right but there are still many options missing. consignment sales for example. being the consignor or consignee
poor service. stopped connecting to my bank account so can’t link transactions and service and support is terrible and cannot work out why. won’t be using again and will be cancelling.
best way to get paid.. easy, professional invoices, cheap and most importantly time saver
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
great for small business. such a time saver, easy for business owner, accountant and bookkeeper to enter review and lodge bas. love the fact i can take photos of receipts to back them up and also add attachments to invoices etc. such a great software with web access also
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
. was wary, but the convenience is worth a lot until the latest update. now i cant sign on. been a week since they told me there was an issue. still not resolved. spent several hours on hold listing to garbled elevator music that can not be turned down. customer support blows.
. great used old quick book enjoying this although i don't find it as easy to navigate my way around.
. it will not show proper reports when there is multiples companies in a login (this problem is only on my android phone)
. doesnt work on my google pixel 2 or pixel pad.
cool app. very convenient, i'm yet to use it to its fullest, but i love the way it alerts me to payments i need to make or should have received. very happy.
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
. it says that my selfemployed freelancer account does not include usage of the app, but on the website it says all plans come with app usage..... very frustrating!
amazing app. i'm a pro advisor and i love qbo and it's app. if you need help working this application or quickbooks let me know. joeaguilar04@gmail.com
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
. doesn't give the full qbo experience, if it is it's not the same ui
owner. love being able to have quickbooks on my phone and being able to send invoices and receive payments on the go. makes my job so much easier. app works great and is so simple that even my husband can figure it out :)
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
zero stars if possible. i login successfully on pc but using same info i get error message saying i don't have an account. if there's no mobile app access, i wish my boss didn't require me to use quickbooks online. the desktop version + go to my pc worked fine.
. awesome app. makes running my business so much easier when i am on the go!
. it runs my entire backoffice. very happy.
. the app displays different figures for the amount overdue for a donor than what the website does. quite alarming that it shows different figures. means i can't trust anything it says!
very handy. great to keep track of invoices and call outs. very easy to use
getting there.... the lack of ability to create bank deposits is vexing. also, would be nice to work with downloaded transactions. works with mint, why not qbo app?
. after installing and recovering my account details this app offers me some trial? should be stated somewhere beforehand.
. mostly good. i have accidentally send invoices before they are ready.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
. worst app ever. 0 stars.
too good!. nothing beats qbo for its price and simplicity. easiest system to use for those sme not accounting minded but still need to get the job done!
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
. made my life easier....
love it!. why have i wasted time on quickbooks when i could have been using the online version! so much easier to use.
. garbage. been with qbo for 4 years. app is impossible to use now more than ever
absolutely fantastic!. this app is incredible. having been using for 6 months, and it has revolutionised the way we are able to do business. so easy to setup, use and understand. i highly recommend to anyone that needs an easy orderinvoicesales system for their business.
please support iphone x & faceid. please support full screen resolution on iphone x and faceid
garbage!. they update the app and completely remove support for ios 8! i understand making a newer version only compatible with newer ios, but why block legacy users all together? it worked great on ios 8 before, now the same version of the app suddenly says i need to upgrade! i pay $30month for this garbage!?
. great app only feature i wish it had is gps millage tracker
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
. have had an issue with sending invoices through my app for the last 3 days. even after several calls and emails no one can tell me when this will be rectified. poor support and unorganized for such a large company.
. great app makes things easier
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
bad service. very bad service customer support team is bad zero star........
. very nice app for pme
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
thanks for coming up with this app.. perfect!
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
doesn’t let you do self assessment tax. this app only does my business tax return, and whilst it doesn’t explicitly promise more, because it doesn’t let me do my self assessment (buy to let) it means i still need another app to do this. and an account on top. being such a major tax app, the fact it can’t deal with all my tax matters is a major fail.
works smoothly. can't tell you how much time i've saved tagging receipts in this app. simple and useful.
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
not complete functionality.. this app doesn't have the full functionality of the website, so when i'm on my tablet, i just use the website instead of the app.
. works better than the pc version, easy to track expenses etc
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
no longer loads. after upgrading quickbooks online, this app no longer loads on ipad or iphone. please fix.
love it. easy to use. great support team.
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
hard to navigate. hard to navigate
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
. looks really good but not for me as i don't send enough invoices so not worth paying for. if i had more business and earnt more money then it would be perfect. but for someone who does cleaning a couple of times as a week not worth paying. shame there isn't a free version.
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
great to use on the go!. love this app. i use it alongside the website, this is on my phone. it's not as easy to navigate around as the website but it's not intended to use totally on its own. i love being able to send invoices whilst doing other things  really helps me to consolidate my time.
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
doesn’t work. app won’t open and website is unresponsive. not very impressed with the program.
. excellent apps my enire business requirements are depending on the this app
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
great to use on the go!. love this app. i use it alongside the website, this is on my phone. it's not as easy to navigate around as the website but it's not intended to use totally on its own. i love being able to send invoices whilst doing other things  really helps me to consolidate my time.
. i can show up on the job given an estimate 10 minutes later i've got a down payment , and the confirmation to do the job i've never had this ever before in my life
. a sham of a company, that don't care if your data goes missing, or you have to waste hours of your life rebuilding expenses and mileage data from other sources. the app isn't reliable, doesn't integrate with your other accounting and it's difficult to use. steer clear.
. premier retour d'expérience positif après quelques jours d'utilisaton. 4 étoiles car nous cherchons encore quelques outils et la mise en page du devis facture pourrait être amélioré notamment par le rappel de produits déjà rédigés et les principaux outils gras italique taille de police
good mobile app.. good app. unfortunately it won't allow you to look up customers by address.
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
excellent. i've tried a load of cloud based book keeping software and quickbooks is by far the most feature rich.
great app but sign in issues. wont let me sign in anymore keeps sayin error restart app.
. can't add items to invoices
qb online is great!. i love this application. intuit really did a fantastic job with both the online web access and the apps to support the service. i fully recommend it to anyone who asks me what is the best accounting package on the internet.
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
. quickbooks online is reporting an error everytime i try to log on. cannot sync data. reported multiple time. it has not been fixed
record keeping at its finest. works great and keeps my business records up to date at all times. so simple to use but capable of handling any business transaction you may need.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
. i can't even open the app. it just keeps closing.
amazing for small business!!!!!!. i started my service business one year ago and enrolled in quickbooks from day one. i can't rave enough about it! it's made tracking customers, invoices, and expenses so easy i can focus on my work instead of the accounting. still impressed and just in the process of adding payroll.
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
latest update is garbage. update: 1620 still a garbage app even after multiple emails back and forth with quickbooks development team and now it’s been weeks since i heard from them the app still don’t work even after new updates app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
. the app is really handy when adding expenses. easy to navigate.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
. excellent for a busy contactor. easy to send quotes and invoices to clients.
don't like new update. i prefer buttons actions on the bottom than puede corner and still missing two things, send invoices by text, fax, edit or view notes online
not updating. my receipts and income is stuck.
works well but need enhancements. the app works well and easy to use. i will appreciate if it can be enhanced to accommodate advance payments and accruals
easy. it could be a little bit easy to use.... invoices could be customized to add options like hours....
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
great for mobile small business !. we couldn't live without our quickbooks online mobile app! look up information and match bank transactions right away. would like to see more functionality for customer and vendor invoicing and billing options as well as filtering but overall a great, easy to use tool.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
. see once after putting password and user i'd could not able to login it's coming error
. loving using this software, helping me heaps
limited features. good app but still too many features missing that require logging in to the website. e.g. vat and paying salaries as expenses.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk please tell me who to email in response qb
finally!. this app does all that i've wanted  expenses and all. good to se qbo is working at this. love the mobile experience.
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
scared. i added the app. haven’t used it yet. i read some of the awful reviews. decided to delete it. not worth my valuable time. don’t think it is necessary to go through the same nonsense everyone else has gone through. you may want to call it the power of reviews and lack of response from the people in charge.
pretty good. the app allows you to record expenses on the go as they happen. nice to be able to balance the books as you go along instead of waiting until you are back at your computer. :)
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
app doesn't work at all. after attempting to log in several times the app crashes every time. i cannot rely on it for work so it's useless.
. the app is excellent!!!
better improvement. app running better
meh. dislike so many things about the app and online version. i would really like the ability to browse through invoices for ex. look at invoice #1 click next to see #2 and next to see #3 and the. be able to reverse this. unfortunaly this can't be done and one has to search specifically for an invoice by number.
. game changer. invoicing and tracking expenses just got so easy. it's amazing, and i am only sad i didn't know about it sooner!
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
terrible. so many problems i don’t even know where to start. i transferred my desktop version to online with the last year and half reconciled. i know have to go back and reconcile again. also  it keeps crashing. there are good things about it but overall not so happy with the software.
great app. great mobile app. only gripe is i wish they would integrate bill pay. other than that, solid app.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
very confusing. i will try as long as my patience lasts, maybe it will crack it better
convenient accounting app. super usefull app, get you at the top of your finances, recommended!!!
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
convenient but you pay for it. this app is really handy but they jack the prices up on you once you’ve gone through all the hassle of inputting your info. they know you won’t probably mess with changing programs once you’ve wasted all that time and energy. it is nice to use, however.
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken. 21517 latest updates are a constant crash.
. simple and very efficient! send invoices ..receipts taxes. everything in one place! love it!
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
. i have tried to cancel my subscription yet i have just checked my credit card statement and the subscription is still being taken. please stop this. i wish to cancel. i have followed the instructions and i am still paying for some reason.
. great app!
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
. when it comes to converting an estimate to an invoice or processing transactions, the app experience is excellent and even preferred to the desktop version. smooth and easy to learn.
needs timesheet support. price went up 100 a year and still no timesheet support outside of desktop app
microsoft files. no sending microsoft files as a attachment. i don't understand why there is a difference. come on guys make this a convent program fo us users,
loved it indeed. this app works the way i think, i'm considering useing it in my next business. thanks
awesome. that's what i said in 2012. the app keeps getting better, now it's very soon to be 2017, and still the same review.. good app.
. never could get it to work, after months of paying and a call into quickbooks (who do not support the product if bought through the playstore or apple store), i gave up trying to use this software. $160 out the window with not a single useful action resulting from owning this product.
great app.. not as good as desktop. its amazing app and each update is awesome. but it's not as near the desktop in terms of functionality. overall, if you use quickbooks then its a must have..
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
poor. say they can transfer info from sage into there software, no they can’t if you use stock codes what a waste of time.
great app. helps me keep everything straight with my business when i'm on the go.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
poor. this app makes very poor use of the screen real estate of phablet style phones and even worse on ipads. they also removed the comma from the keyboard, so adding additional email addresses to a customer is impossible. generally a poor design, this app is years behind where i should be.
. so far i am verry happy with qb online. will update if this changes.
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
. frustrating. slow. pretty much only to be used for creating invoices and receiving payments. maybe reports. wanted something that functioned just like the online version but for my mobile. wanted to catch up on work at opportune moments without having to get the laptop out. would not recommend. client hates it.
awesome!. great app, easy to use.
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
do not use to run payments through. i ran two payments with them the first they held up because routing number issues and the second because my bank account was not financially available or what ever to run transactions what kind of s**t is that now they want me to refund $2100. to customer on the card after car has left 4 days later and i have to figure out how im going to get my money . horrible !!!!!!
. works amazing when having to do my invoices on the fly and can't get to the office. also to check my estimates
overall but problems. overall works well for small business. a lot of problems with checking account and credit card connections. one i am still going to have to sort through to make sure transactions weren't missed, as it only loads back 90 days. and you get no notification if an account suddenly disconnects. its a mess but customer service is good and they work with you well.
"access. i was going to download the app until i saw the list of ""access needed"". confused why they need my contact, camera, photos, etc. to run financial program. seems a bit intrusive."
great app!. easy to navigate and great to have access with you at all times. love it!
. not fully fledged it's great but doesn't do much nor the basic things i would want in an app.. basic reporting, easy input of invoice (picture maybe ocr), accepting account transactions.
. when it works it works great. however i have to periodically delete and reinstall the app because it gets buggy entering new expenses. it will get locked in the expense screen. in the locked screen if i hit save 5 times it will record the transaction 5 times while still sitting in the entry screen. **update the developer solution did not work.
very convenient. i love this app. with the pay now option im able to get paid before i even had a chance to get back to the office.
bitch ur fucked. all over culiacan and the net
. good accounting sofware, horrible on intuitively usage. just try and make an estimate or invoice online with an android tablet or phone and you will experience what i am talking about, it is very lacking the ease of usage, also lacking on choices when you select services, clients, and want to make a quarry forget about it! for accounting it works but, to simple for customer management.
. excellent app
i'm trying the app now i have a question. can i acess from a pc too? or is it only for the phone?
. with no access to the register and a very clunky interface the app is very difficult to use. it is far from useless but also far from essential.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
sloooooooowwwww!!! iphone 6. very slow to do simple things like log an expense. camera feature is useless with crop feature. can i have the option to turn this off? just wanna take a photo without auto crop which 90% does a bad job. other than that its great :)
. 'quick' and easy to use on the go, great app
tax invoice as per india standard. dear, please give us more invoice style templates as per india stander
don’t buy on apple!. if you subscribe through apple and then want to migrate to your business account, your data can’t be kept. you have to create a new company and re enter all your data!
brilliant!!!!. works like a dream with qb online. i can finish a job and then send the invoice from my phone (whilst sitting at home drinking a cuppa!). can you set up notifications for when an invoice is viewed by the customer?
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
. works great until about a week ago. now i can't save anything from the app it won't sync basically nothing is working right with the app. i even tried installing it on another android phone and had identical problems. don't bother trying to call customer service they say they have nothing to do with the app and that's it.
new app is great!. the new app is super user friendly and versatile. it’s easier to use quickbooks from my phone than it is from my pc now. vast improvement over the previous versions.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
will not let me access my info!!!. ever since i got new phones for my technicians ,samsung s5, i have not been able to access any of my customers, transactions, or invoices. i use qbo for my business, but have now lost all mobile capabilities. if not resolved, i will be forced to use a different accounting software. 5 stars if working properly.
perfect. works great for my contracting business. i mainly use it for estimates and invoices.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
rubbish. app crash every second
. enjoying this app, life made easy...
just too expensive.... i run a small business and can't afford the monthly dues of qbo. hoping they come up with a more competitive product at some point...
total train wreck. importing data from bank has been a disaster. deposits into my bank accounts are showing up in quickbooks as expenses. my books are now impossible to balance.
. its a big help sending invoices
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
great but they got you. great for the most part but they have you and they know it. every. single . year you can count on a hefty price increase. it never stays the same or goes down just always a nice increase. and they make it hard to leave as the export is virtually useless. i'm stuck with them.
awesome, powerful app. we've been using quickbooks for years, this app allows us to take all our bookkeeping at our finger tips
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
. very happy with this program an app hats off to u for such an awesome buisness solution
. it's nice to have access to qbo account if computer is not available. 4 star due to some functions available thru online but not in the app. i am a qboa user and a pro advisor.
. it collects all your information first then it tells you it's paid app.
. great app
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
almost useless. if you are hoping for his app to at least somewhat mimic the full version you will be greatly dissapointed. basic functionality, like looking at a register or your accounts payable is missing. basically the only thing it is good for is looking at your accounts receivable.
. great app
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
absolutely inconsistent. probably the worst app i had on my phone. i have deleted it. it gives incorrect, inconsistent notifications. it’s completely useless to access certain parts of qbo. how incredibly unfortunate that intuit can’t build an app that can compare with the advances made in qbo.
👍. very good app, i'm so happy with it!!
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
can not do custom invoice numbers. the app can not do custom invoice numbers. i have had the app for two months and paying the monthly fees and have not been able to send out my first proper invoice. i have asked support and they come back with instructions to go to certain settings that do not exist on the app.
loving it. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
full functionality missing from mobile app.. quickbooks online and the mobile app do not communicate effectively. it's like running two different programs that aren't fully integrated. mobile app lacks time reports and seamless expense invoicing especially in expense details. attempting to add item descriptions to expense reports does not work. there simply isn't a place for it. also, attempting to view a transaction with time, mileage, or reimbursable expenses results in an unable to view prompt. as such the app gets one star.
owner. i have been quite impressed! small owneroperator, able to send invoices, estimates, et al. from my trucklove it!
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
customer service & support sucks. go with freshbooks instead.
great app. helps me stay on top of my billing.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
less than impressed. the interface is way to different from the online version. i can’t even access payroll through the app. it’s way to simplified to be useful. it needs a serious update to be more user friendly
quickbooks. i have been using quickbooks for about 3 years. i use the ipad version and the quickbooks online version. it does almost everything i would need it to do. i am really liking this last update.
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
not working properly after update. i just updated the app and now every time i try to edit an invoice it forces me to refresh the invoice and i lose my changes. the pin number does't work, i added it again and made sure it is turned on, but i have to sign in with my username and password each time. it worked perfectly on the last update.
perfect. best thing going! i love being able to invoice on the move
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
where are the invoices??. what is the point of an accounting app that does not show supplier invoices? dreadful. support was as helpful as a chocolate teapot too ...
. does as promised, great extension for using quick books on the run. a must have for business over view at a glance. if your pc crashes this is your life jacket!
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
rubbish. absolutely rubbish since the last update . keeps crashing on iphone xr. screen message = app needs to close due to critical updates. happens 2030 x times a day when trying to set up an invoice estimate etc. test your updates before release you them, you idiots!
access. this app is great. it is so nice to be out in the field looking at a project and make an estimate right then and there while things are fresh in your mind. not to mention for the quick service call we are able to make our invoice right there and present it when we are complete with the work. aloha po'okela lawn service kailua, hawaii
awesome. that's what i said in 2012. the app keeps getting better, now it's very soon to be 2017, and still the same review.. good app.
. continues to make me turn phone off and on or delete app it does not work.
great app. easy to use.. i would like to see full desktop functionality on the mobile app.
owner. love the program i am having problems inputing my desktop customers and previous business information. called the help desk and still waiting forba fix
. now, can't even access some of my clients from the app. i have sent the error logs several times to intuit, but no response. it keeps getting worse. lacking the fingerprint option to login. also, accepting transactions from bank feed in android not as smooth as it is in iphone. app starts freezing after accepting a few transactions. additionally, progressive invoicing does not work in the app. should make it more useful for accountants though, adding bank reconciliations capability would help.
. makes my small business accounting much easier for me. i can send invoices, quotes and pay bills all from the comfort of my cell when i am on the road between jobs.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
don’t you qa this stuff?. the expenses screen is still full of bugs. the whole thing goes wrong after adding a photo (which, incidentally, are now auto cropped even worse than before) and returning to the expenses screen. don’t you test this stuff before releasing it?? (i’m on iphone x).
. very useful for my business
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
2016 update is a headache. much improved after initial deterioration in poor updates. great software now. real time accounting is brilliant. l
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
way too limited. i can’t even use the app to see if a bill was processed. it only allows you to view check or ach transactions and deposits. checks processed through bill pay don resigister as activity.
nice app. nice app, quick and easy. smart invoices and bank matches. i don't like paypal, so wouldn't use that payment option.
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
. bad app does not sign in after sign up
. love having my accounting on the go. missing a few key features in the app but hopefully they will be added soon. sure beats manually reconciliation of a paper check book!
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
loved the app until banking disappeared. i mainly use my computer to do most of our accounting but loved having the app so i could accept banking transactions during short periods of downtime thereby keeping our bank balance up to date all the time. then today i went to catch up on accepting transactions and banking has totally disappeared from the menu. help! what happened? i deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail.
. great app to start your own bussines!
accounts. simple is the new smart
crashes. app crashes every time i'm using a lg g5 emailed support for help 3 weeks ago no response.sent response never heard back.
. i've used qb for 8 years. this app is the better and more seamless than the pc version. love the capability to invoice customers on the job, record payments and send a receipt in seconds.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
. great app, traveling business must have!!!!!! i do on the road sale, and i have all i need to get the job done, without having to go back to the office.......
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
. great accounting capabilities for small and medium enterprises, compatible across all my devices. taxation is resolved quickly, no stress and most definitely no complains
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
it's ok. for a big name like quickbooks it should have a lot more features. my old cheap invoicing app worked much better. can't just open a list of all open invoices witch is stupid. only let's you see open invoices and then if it's over due you have to click on the over due link to see all the overdue ones
good. app.
please add delayed charges. i like this app, but i mostly do my bookkeeping at my desktop. delayed charges are something i would like to add on the fly, using mobile. please add!!
. the previous version didnt update dashboard. this latest version does not run on my samsung s9 at all. quits with an error after signing in. i have uninstalled, reinstalled, still won't work.
great program.. it's easy to use either in the pc or mobile.
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
perfect app. perfect app
. it needs customizable products and services. it updates to often.
"app doesn't work. after speaking with the help desk the advise i got was ""the app must not compatible with your phone (iphone 6 plus)"". i leave this review as i only signed up with quickbooks to manage my businesses accounts ""on the go"" and it's been a waste of money for this purpose"
app. very god
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
crashes all the time and there’s no way to ask for help.. this app crashes every time i update my iphone, even when i update the app. don’t even bother trying to contact qb about it, they’ll tell you to uninstall and reinstall (like you don’t know) and then that’s about the extent of their support.
great app. so easy to use.
quickbook. on trial will notify later
. this app runs silently in the background and tracks your vehicle movement. it used 47 gigs of data in two months.
excellent app and service.. great product.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
. app is crashing. also, when it does log in successfully, it doesn't remember my state from previous login. it needs to downloads stacks of data all over again.
the best business app ever!. i have been in business for nine years and have been using quickbooks desktop. i am now using the online and it is great so happy that i made the switch. works well with ipad and can do my work right on the site! thanks for the great work! ray's home improvement,llc
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
. dashboard unable to load after dozens of reinstalls, reboots and even on another phone entirely. ever since the new redesign the app has been riddled with intermittent loading of the dashboard to now nonexistent. tmobile, oneplus 6t tmobile, samsung galaxy note 10+
excellent app!. so convenient for on the go tasks. time entry would be a great addition.
a good portable quickbooks app. the app has most of the important features, is easy to use, and is certainly a better option than trying to use the quickbooks online on an iphone. it is not a complete substitute as there are several features not available on the app,but it does allow recording time and expenses while on the road and even allows checking on and updating bank balances.
terrible support. the feature that you promote in your advertisement for this app shows a person recording his receipts wich mainly are cash or card paid. the options that you have as type of payments are cheque, credit or other. nobody this days pay by cheque or by credit receipts for small amounts!!!! totally useless!!!
. best app accounting for small and medium business
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
doesn't work!. it hardly used to work, now it doesn't work at all. my boss is constantly on me for missing invoices, well i can't make them because the app doesn't work! crashes immediately when i try to open it. when it does open, it will let me sign in then give me an error.
awsome. easy to use just take the time to set it up best software for small business
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
. baixeii e testei na esperança que tivesse as mesmas funcionalidades do microsoft money, que so existe para pc mas, não tem, fica muito aquém.
great for handyman businesses. qb is great for me! i run a handyman business and my office is at my clients place or in my truck. i can sent estimatesinvoices while i am on site. it so nice because i use my tablet or phone when i’m on the road and when i’m home i can use qb on my computer and everything is automatically updated
we are using this with the construction side of our business and so far the customer service has been wonderful. there are things missing or not working but customer service had said they are working on getting them added or fixed. makes it really easy for our employees in the field to create invoices and send them to clients as well as receive payments. will change to five stars when missing components are added.
. this app keeps getting error loading items, to invoice and estimates can't use it. i call them for support and they have no support they referred me to log in on the web site and the same happens the search button flashes and dispensers. don't waste your time and money. if any one know about a good and reliable app let me know. this one is not reliable nor is their support.
. perfect app for small businesses onthego!
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
hard to use. i recommend the version you load on your own computer. this is unwieldy
occasional early glitches with mobile overall v good. i use the mobile version and it's access to my phone contacts makes it really good. there have been a few minor glitches with support but this is getting better and better  so apart from the few minor glitches early on then it would be getting 5⭐️
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
app needs additional improvements. please add ability to sync bank and other vendor accounts using the app. also, need outlook calendar for schedule management and payment processing integrated into this app. also need hour start and end tracking tool by each employee along with ability to send text confirmation to customer.
good software. this software is very awesome. i work for the company but also use it for my own personal budgeting and it is extremely helpful but there are still a lot of bugs that need to be worked out with this app so that all the information updates correctly.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
not quite what i'm looking for. after the invoice2go update disaster, i read a lot of good things about this app. sadly it fell short of expectation as i was unable to change the invoice number, which i would think was a pretty basic requirement. advice on the internet seems to relate to an older version of the app as the information did not relate to what was on the screen. i won't be utilising my free trial, nor will i be subscribing.
. neat and organized. a satisfying way to use business tools! it makes everything easier.
no bills. has great functions except cannot enter billsinvoices from vendors.
touch id not working when app is shut down.. touch id needs to work all the time. not just when app is running in the back ground. come on quickbooks fix this bug.
good. love this app
application bug. depuis la mise a jours de ios 13 je ne suis plus capable de facturer mes clients . j’espère qu’il va avoir un correctif rapidement merci
. nothing ever works on the app can't create invoicescant add products it's useless
. very easy to use great app
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
crash issues. this app crashes on the new iphone 11 pro max using ios 13. please release updates to resolve the issue.
great app...! (sabre rx). great app, really works well now that the new syc app with square has been released.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
to glitchy. way to many glitches but worst of all it is supposed to be exactly the same on the deferent computers and some times the same invoices show up on one computer and not on my i pad and only sometimes on my i phone 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
. this app has made my life much easier while handling my business accounts!
cis transactions. cannot carry out cis transactions in the app for some reason, you have to use the web version. this is really annoying and somewhat inconvenient. other than that, a great app....
useless. i am an avid qbo for ie customer for many years, but this ipad app is useless. can't do anything with it, and can not see banking info, the most important thing in accounting! if you want to view customervendor names that can be done, but you can't work in this app. view only.
. lo ove it. load expenses with receipt easily
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
less than worthless to me. who cares what customers are near me! i want to see banking information, view various account in qb, do real work on my ipad. i should be able to do anything on this i can do using qq online. should is the operative word here. don't waste your time and space on your ipad.
top shelf. excellent, simple, 5 stars
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
what a joke.. if you are moving from qb desktop, think again! there's not even an easy way to just view today's business. no reports in app. useless.
. an absolute must for small business.. and seek advice from tech support before assuming. functionality isn't there. ive had no problems... gives me confidence in my books
. i am downloading this app but downloading is very slow. happening only with this app.
can’t generate po’s. 90% of my business is generating and sending po’s which you can’t do with this app for some stupid reason. i’ve been requesting the feature for years (which i shouldn’t have to request) and quickbooks has never responded.
. nice app. easy to build and send invoices.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right.
fast and efficient time saver. works a treat across all my devices, keeps my accounts up to date and all invoices issued in a timely manner
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
not working after ios13 update. updated to apples latest software and this app stopped working
. great inaccessibility to app
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
little disappointed. qb on the cloud is a great idea and that's why i'm using it. however  wouldn't it be nice if the mobile version dis half what the desktop version does. i use mint for my personal finances and for a free service their app does it all. qb please get some programmers to get this app fully functional! i understand that you may not include every function but expenses??? that's something i expected to be able to do on the road.
. simply superb
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
. already pay for online subscription qb pro why do u charge for the mobile companion. rip off. software is already expensive. american greed!!!!
qb online improved cash flow  piano studio. i own a busy piano studio and quickbooks online changed my business from the first month using it. clients are 98% on time paying now, versus a 40% late rate prior when i invoiced on paper. my invoices are easy to send out and create quick reminders. they look professional, too!
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. zero stars"
great app. works great
liked it until it stopped working.... it suddenly no longer connects. called quickbooks and they said they don't support the mobile app .... update..contacted developer listed in some of reviews and he got it working...
. frustrating. slow. pretty much only to be used for creating invoices and receiving payments. maybe reports. wanted something that functioned just like the online version but for my mobile. wanted to catch up on work at opportune moments without having to get the laptop out. would not recommend. client hates it.
love the videos  love the whole system. easy, intuitive, and so rich with features.
. best feature, snap a pic of receipts, log em immediately, drop the actual receipt in a shoebox, & forget about it!!! you can see if anyone paid instantly on your phone, send an invoice change, i mean its the fastest accounting i've ever done in 20yrs!
dont waste your time. the support on this app is non existent. signing up is a slow impossible process
good app. very useful
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
. problem in sigin to app
. i am a quickbooks proadvisor. i started qbo and am getting used to it. the mobile app has really improved! thanks intuit. always love how you really care about what we experience.
. user friendly for the droid not so much in the appleipad.
do not buy. while i think this could be a good product, the app ruins it. i have both the base and the arm. the app crashes every time i use them. at times it takes 3 tries to get them to finish reading. terrible product!
great so far. hoping it keeps things simple for me
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
. app transitions from mobile to desktop to email flawlessly. easy to edit & automatically updates to the emailed copy. very easy to use. very intuitive...
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
. app gets crashed while working, statements can be printed downloads like web version. what is the need for inapp purchase for this app
new update is amazing. incredibly user friendly with additions of dashboards
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
not working properly after update. i just updated the app and now every time i try to edit an invoice it forces me to refresh the invoice and i lose my changes. the pin number does't work, i added it again and made sure it is turned on, but i have to sign in with my username and password each time. it worked perfectly on the last update.
productivity. love all the intuit products. helps run my business professionally. been able to do my own scorp taxes and payroll for a couple years now. saving me thousands over a cpa and payroll company like in previous years. business owner now for 26 years
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
. awsome. able to do almost everything on my phone. i literally only use my phone and have done just fine. have only had to use a computer for some settings but other than that it's wonderful. easy to operate . 👌
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
pretty good..... i'm somewhat of a novice independent contractorpsychotherapist. i've been using quickbooks since 2014 and have been using the app for about a year. the dates of invoice reflect the date of service so this is helpful. i know for sure i do not use all features to their full capacity but it's worth the monthly investment for sure.
. it's very useful but it's only for simple accounting. the complicated stuff has to be done online. i wish quickbooks allowed me to do things like add bank deposits.
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality  i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
crabbywyatts llc. great tool has made my life easier.
. i'm getting an error code when i try to click on mileage trips and assign them business or personal. works on desktop but not in phone. other than that it's easy to assign categories for transactions and separate business from personal.
. we tried the free trial before purchasing.. quick books keeps changing my partially paid invoice to paid in full .. when i called tech support he told me to fix this problem its 129.00he was rude and started to raise his voice after i started hows it possible i have to pay that much for a free trial app when they are the ones causing the problem... quick books is no good.. and their tech support is the rudest customer service i've ever heard!
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app and also purchase invoice with itemised discounts option should provided in app
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
crashes with ios 13. just a heads up. when you try to take a picture of a receipt to upload to the account, the app freezes up and you can’t continue on. restarting the app doesn’t work either.
fantastic software. a superb help to my business invoicing and payments are so easy to sendview and accept. easy to use and never had a problem.
application bug. depuis la mise a jours de ios 13 je ne suis plus capable de facturer mes clients . j’espère qu’il va avoir un correctif rapidement merci
quickbooks online not working. i paid my subscription thru itunes, got charged but haven’t been able to use it.... it keep giving me a message to subscribe which i already did. contacted apple, itunes, and intuit quickbooks and haven gotten anywhere... frustrating!!!
new to qb on line. brilliant package but did need support on getting the data i migrated over sorted. but worth the monthly charges. great job quick books.
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
accounts don't always show. sometimes my accounts don't load hence i can't reconcile transactions from the phone.
very user friendly. great app for on the go people
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
. app stops working constantly. mixes up info on invoice and has even added up invoice totals wrong. update getting worse and nothing is being done to fix. have asked for help and get none. i have invoices that have disappeared off the app!? to quick books stop the b.s. and supoort your app.
. great app to use along side quickbooks online. i like being able to send estimates and invoices on my mobile device with the quickbooks app!
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
". never works when i need it most..""sorry we are experiencing technical difficulties please try again later.""..later doesn't work for me."
everything i hoped & more. we switched to quickbooks with the hope of having a quicker, easier and more efficient way to keep our books. it is everything we hoped for and more. i love ability to go paperless on delivery tickets, signatures and po's. all of which can be done paperless. greg nees, owner cisco tool, inc.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. what a joke......the sales team are so rude....software is actually pretty good but the attitude of the staff in th sales team have completely put me off using this! i will now be looking elsewhere (fresh books etc).....
fabulous app. any time, any where, any device. boca bookkeeping and quickbooks online create value. if you need help contact us. bocabookkeeping.com
new to quickbooks. i decided to switch my established business from square to quickbooks and so far i have no complaints. it’s fairly easy to use. the only thing i’m currently waiting on is for my transactions to clear and be deposited which takes about a week since i’m new. should be a breeze after that.
. the app won't let me sign in. i've even reset the password and uninstalled the app and tried again, but i keep getting password error.
needed this for a while!. this app is great. all of the major needs are right here in your phone. i have inlimited data on my phone so i can log in whenever and check what i need wherever i am.
. you have to pay and i am looking for a free app to do my stuff
. quickbooks technical support is very bad and technical support dont know about how to customised form of bill and showing in their theam but donot show in my bill how to solve it thay don't know ..... and my network speed is 5mbps but opening quick books need time 10  20 minutes to open ... i don't recommend any one for supscription or purchase .... this is a overall very slow software
. very easy to maintain my account
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
crap. this update is crap. my invoices won't update with the ipad. nothing like beta testing on your customers. typical for quickbooks
addicted to billing now!!!. oh my goodness. this app is no joke. love it and i stay up late looking at all it has to offer and new things. i’m glad i got this and the card reader. thanks qb
. nice program! make it so i can bank on droid and it couldn't get any better.
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
. great program a little expensive but well worth it
. why this app is not in french ???
bad program. won't send estimates and invoices. buisness cash flow has been screwed up.
. great app for productivity for my sole proprietor, 1 employee business, this app is perfect for what i need, which is on the go ability to invoice customers
. all new version is awesome this app is awesome! when intuit separated the quickbooks mobile app from this quickbooks online app they fixed a bunch of bugs and added a ton of features. if you have a quickbooks online subscription you need this app!
needs more. needs way more functionality. too few procedures allowed on mobile app. would have expected more from quickbooks
great app. i actually love this thing. it's pretty easy to use once you come to understand some of the functions. daunting at first but learning curve isn't too steep. helped me make sense of my numbers.
payroll unable to handle contractors. unable to pay contractors on 1099 also their supports work around took more time than outsourcing payroll. wuuuuuuut? ? i have used quicken since computers came out and it looks nice and works great for (normally) most things. cheers
. hasn't worked on my android phone for over a week. says error syncing data and rarely loads historical info. lost ability to photo invoices and seems to have lost tax settings as always wants to create them despite setting this up and using for 7 months now. support says they are aware and working in it for a week now
. the app is a wonderful accompaniment to the software which makes tracking expenses and invoices really easy
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
. this app doesn't allow me to add expenses. please fix it. thank you.
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
nightmare to delete account. costs per month!
. great app. obviously nots as many features as browser access but an amazing app nonetheless.
keeps crashing. i can't do anything with the app. every time i try to open it, it closes out about 5 seconds later. worked great until the last update.
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
great for small businesses. easy to use and track expenses, and income so when you get ready to file your taxes you have everything you need at your fingertips.
. very good program, other than the price has went up 3 times this year.........getting expensive.......started at $12 a month and now at $25
. need access to qb timesheets. not integrated and really need to be for employees on the move.
. good app
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
discussed. app would not download after several tries.
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
missing a major key demographic.. although a good application, there are some things missing  like the ability to do business income taxes for t2 (corporations). this feature should be able to send those docs to cra in a format that ready to go. especially when small business corporations are being targeted in the media. help make this easier  there's no reason this feature should not be incorporated into the software.
. generally amazing but not perfect i like this. to be able to do this on the move on my phone is great. i have had a few issues with my personalised invoices and some of the functionality which i added.
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
check balances. i use desktop version of quick books and love it, but with this app version i just wanted to check the basic ability to check my checking account balance from my register and you can't do that. really intuit it's that the most basic reason of a checking account. please add this and more people will review this app better.
good app. it's a easy app to use.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
logging out.... every time i open the app, it logs out. so now i have to keep my qb password with me. love qb but hate this app. have raised the issue, been ignored.
owner of vanoverconstruction llc. making my life a lot easier thank you
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
this app is useless on android.. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless.
best accounting app. the best accounting app by quickbooks . made accounting easy
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
doesn't work. keeps telling me its unable to sync data.
. excellent app and it makes computer blues more efficient.
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
. issue with app was directed in app to call quickbooks online customer service. no solution after being on the phone for 2 hours, they ended up calling android and at&t to try and fix the issue, which made absolutely no sense to me and got us nowhere. customer service has no clue about anything app related including when the password reset does not send verification code. i ended up having a different company to resolve the issue for me. below instructions solved nothing.
. works great . easy to create and send invoices. highly recommended .
please support iphone x & faceid. please support full screen resolution on iphone x and faceid
charge for an expense???. can't even include an expense on an invoice. rubbish !!!!
. great app use it all the time. east to use
. it runs my entire backoffice. very happy.
needs better support. i thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
. love this app. i've been running my small business for 2 years using it and it's been great.
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
nightmare update. it was bad before the update. how could it be even worse now? unending refreshing bank data (constant spinning wheel) makes it virtually useless and beyond frustrating for reviewing and matching transactions on the iphone.
love it!. keeps me on track with customer invoices and payments.
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
. garbage, won't let you delete your account. it took hours to finally be able to delete email and account, save yourself the hassle and dont download it.
great for business. this is a great app to use for daily business
. when i am logged in, i can see all of my vendors, even ones i recently added, but there is zero activity listed underage vendor. customer service take several days to get back to me and then they don't actually answer my question
forced payroll system not working. since march 2017 our payroll that they force you to pay for if you have employees has not working correctly. edd efile is non existent, cannot archive reports, and irs efile is sporadic. customer service wont credit any amount nor can they fix the problem even after “escalating” it to priority customer support. three “cases” opened, none of which fixed the problem. do not buy this product.
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
. app still sucks. just had to uninstall and reinstall again. happens about every 4 months.
great app. can do so much on the app. would be even better if could prepare bills in the app.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
great features but very unstable and poor support. i’m an accountant that works with xero, qb and myob. quickbooks online offers probably the best combination of xero and myob’s best features but is let down hugely by the app’s instability (very slow and regularly crashes) and their support, whilst very friendly, is poor in quality and suffers from obvious lack of proper systems and workflow. we’re holding off recommending qb to clients for these two reasons. they aren’t quite deal breakers but close.
. great business app
. contractor version of the app
. im not satisfied at all im at the trial but its hard to link with my account i dont know why? please help me before i delete it for good
. nice. i can invoice right on the job. my clients can pay their bill through the email which is huge. more time with my family and less time wondering if the check is in the mail.
great  when it works.. app crashes often and has trouble down loading data
can someblet tell me where are my products ???. trying to do a new invoice but can’t see my products once i hit the + bottom
works well. this app is far better than the desk top program for mac. as a small business i have many more things i need to do than spending time learning a program. it allows easy access for my accountant and mobility for me!
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
. it's a great apps. but we should have option to add vehicle expenses as kmml spent like self employed apps !!!!
. please make a simple way of uploading a photo to an invoice (instead of through create note option).
totally useless. as a long time quickbooks user i thought this might be for me. after many frustrating hours trying to figure it out and the seeming absence of help i’m just going to delete it and cancel my subscription. as i said a total waste of time
. this app works amazing for my cleaning business! couldnt live without it, and it saves me a lot of money instead of paying an accountant
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
. sucks. terrible app
. great accounting software
i'm trying the app now i have a question. can i acess from a pc too? or is it only for the phone?
. i met someone with iphone using this app, an he could match & accept bank transactions from his phone. when will android version have this capability?
great program. i am a startup welding company, so computers are not my strong suit. literally self taught with qb’s help section, and a couple video tutorials. i mange my companies financials, expenses and payables on my own. this is a big feat being a neanderthal who sticks metal together.
. every invoice i have done since the beginning of 2017 says 90 plus days past due
. app still sucks. just had to uninstall and reinstall again. happens about every 4 months.
. i use the app to send and check on invoices. its a great way to do business out of the office. love it.
great app!. i'm in love with this app, too bad that the proadvisor app doesn't work as sharp (doesn't work at all).
fix it!!!!!!!!. when it works i like it, but when it flips out it is so frustrating. every time they update it it takes another couple updates to fix it. leave well enough alone!
good to have. this app is wonderful to have. you have everything you need while on the go.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
at $12.99 month not free (false advertising). imagine my surprise, i trusted qbooks desktop to run my company, not sure i can trust some goof advertising free app and not letting you see anything unless you sign the free trial then $12.99month
. this has made it so much easier to keep track of our business expenses. i have recommended qbo to all my friends who own there own business.
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
saves me 250month on payroll.. i can now run my corporation from my tablet, without an accountant. invoice on job site while on the clock instead of for free at home away from kids. also it’s 250 bucks a month cheaper for qb to do my payroll compared to my accountant to do quarterly sales tax reporting and weekly payroll for 1 5 employees...
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
. signed up 6 days ago for self employed package, although it says in the package i can use the app, when opening the app it states i have not signed up for it... emailed asking for help, no reply. scheduled a call back for tuesday 13pm, noone called. poor customer service. i will cancel and find another accountancy program.
. i use this app for my small business, and it's fantastic everything i need and then some. all in an affordable package,and it's simple to use also.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
. clean and intuitive great app for in the field estimates, this is probably my favorite feature. payment entries for cash payments is handy onsite as well.
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
terrible to customers. your website deleted my account, which i spent hours putting together, and had every intention of subscribing and paying for this service, and then when i spoke with customer service to see what happened, i was told to call two other numbers for the same service, then placed on hold by the final number for 510 minutes, and was hung up on. they had my number and never called me back. horrible service to your customers. i will pursue a different company.
love this app!!!. it's come a long ways in being user friendly. i do wish you could have the access and control you have from your desktop to at least review your reports. see your registers.
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
stuff always wrong or glitchy. seems every time i turn on quickbooks by pc or mobile app, something doesn't work! never buy online version, it sucks
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
unable to access my account. this app does not work. i am unable to access my account it just goes back to the splash screen.
. the app is super easy to use and understand.
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
can't find internet?. every time i try to log in i get an error message that there is no internet to connect to which is bull. it's on my cell phone so there's wifi and data. very disappointed.
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
not great for my line of business. doesn’t aloud me to itemize product with different price for each one of my client
very nice app. very easy to use and make my all estimates and invoices very smooth and keep the updates very soon
. the software is easy to get started with. however, matters such as how to generate p45, p60, issuing dividends, needs improvement.
. everytime i try to log in i get an error! i've restarted and uninstalled and it still won't work
. this is my first year using quickbooks. so much easier to track all expenses and sales.
conevenient but lacks features. overall, good for checking basic things on the go, as well as some other basic functions. it is far from fully featured though. quickbooks online sees constant updates with new features lately, so it’s probably just a matter of time before the app catches up a bit.
. the creator of this app is a known sex offender
. great app!
love it. very simple you use and looks professional, only think i’d say is don’t let your trail run completely out before you buy because it won’t instantly be back up and running takes a few days
garbage. i still can't login since last updated. it's been a freaking month
. great app.
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
. unable to see inventory creation in mobile app gear symbol is not there in downliaded app
great app for your business. very easy to use. i love the p&l feature and how everything syncs together. really nice app. no complaints
. user friendly for the droid not so much in the appleipad.
. just was on hold for 20 minutes and the issue is not resolved. the app is not allowing me to save information. also the online platform is not working with third party apps with the new tax rates in saskatchewan (reciept bank) been waiting for that fix for 3 weeks.
nice. so far it seems to work well. the online version on a laptop works better and is much easier to use but the mobile version  minus a couple inconveniences, isn't bad either.
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
. the app freezes frequently. when it's not freezing, it's too slow.
great tool for repetitive stuff. the app version is great for day to day functions.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) the hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. please fix.
so easy!. this made things so much easier. my clients are happy with the line itemization. detailed descriptions. doesn't get much better than this.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
glitchy. only problem is if you’re doing a live estimate or invoice, if your screen goes idle this app makes you log in again and you lose all the information you’ve typed in. super annoying especially when you’re measuring out a house or doing a walk through with a client and entering information as you go.
. love that i can create estimates, invoices, and view my banking account activity all on the go with one app.
a good portable quickbooks app. the app has most of the important features, is easy to use, and is certainly a better option than trying to use the quickbooks online on an iphone. it is not a complete substitute as there are several features not available on the app,but it does allow recording time and expenses while on the road and even allows checking on and updating bank balances.
qb app is useless. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either.
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
my company has grown with quickbooks. i logged in my first invoice in quickbooks the summer of 2001 when i started my first business. over the years, i have not used any other software other than.
login. wont let me log in on app or internet
yamin it solutions. great application
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
was great but can't add expense. i used this app all the time yet now i can't add expenses and take a photo of receipt. something has changed help intuit.
. goid app
useless app for working in qbo. only found 2 reports available through the app. can’t “drill” into figures on the 2 reports provided. cannot access expenses on coa can’t really get any work done.
. the online version of quickbooks works well, but the app is terrible. we are in 2018 and the apps still can't do anything useful. why can't we have the same functions and features as the online version. i want to be able to view all my reports at any time. easily key in transactions. the app needs some serious work. no joke.
. great app!
inferior to qb online on desktop. qb app on ipad or android does not not have even half of the features that qb online has on a desktop. i can manage basic invoicing, basic expenses, see transactions, and pull up basic reports... everything about this app is basic. i have to actually be on my desktop to access the full features of qb online. very dissapointed.
. very bad experience.
excellent. best app to run your business
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
. love how easy this app make doing business.
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
great app and super easy to use. very easy to use and customise. very intuitive to use and no excuse not to update on the go
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
purchased but won’t work.. i can not contact customer service to save my life!! i purchased this after my trial but it won’t acknowledge that i have. very upset and frustrated!!!
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
love the desktop version. the app needs work.. limited functionality. i can't even update the credit card i use to pay quickbooks in the app. tough to send invoices to clients
. easy to use to add expenses
owner operator. on the go? this app will help your business keep going without slowing down!
. very disappointed, missing 6 months of transactions from my bank, tried to fix it as i was instructed to but couldn't, you can't get someone to speak to, no customer service. big joke, i don't recommend it to anyone
. great app. i use it daily .
new update has stopped my app from working!!!. since the update i now can’t accept anything or change anything!!! the only thing i can do it add the expenses!!!! sort it out please!!!!!
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
great software all round. quickbooks is easy to use and manage. software and app work easily together. makes small businesses life simpler. love being able to use app to do expenses and invoicing on the go.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
i would not recommend. 1. very very very expensive 2. not intuitive and not user friendly 3. no local support or live support from malaysia
great. great software looking forward to updates
awesome. that's what i said in 2012. the app keeps getting better, now it's very soon to be 2017, and still the same review.. good app.
where is the payroll functionality?!?!. the app seems to intentionally not include payroll functionality, that’s what i need most! f
great update. now i can record my expenses.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
. after years of use i'm getting sick of all of the bugs. i'm spending wayyyy too much time on the phone with them, most of it on hold. don't waste your time and money on the mobile part. i don't think this is out of beta mode yet.
qbo app. luv the new dashboard!! excellent app. no complaints.
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
longtime user, app is gradually slowing down. been using quickbooks online since it came out, and unfortunately the apps seem to slowing down more and more with each update. i have to delete and reinstall the app a couple times a year because it hangs or acts funky. hope these little issues get resolved and i can use the apps i pay a lot of money each year to use
. so simple to use! i normally use qb from my computer but the app works just as well while onthego.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
. not free. when it's 'free trial' it's free trial, not free. uninstalled $8 monthly? seriously? :)
. i absolutely love it so far for my small business. love being able to make invoices on the spot and email them.
. great customers support
what is its purpose. lets you review your past payments and create invoices... not much else. you cant even view account information.
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
be careful. i loved this app for 10 months. then an error occurred and i lost access to my business. only cost me $200 for one time fix. for $600 i could have purchased a 3 month fix. the risk exceeds the benefit.
high caliber. awesome! makes billing and keeping track of your money infinitely easier.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
it worked for 1 month. ... then i upgraded to android 7 and i can't log in. i've sent 3 emails to support to report error with no reply.
. great app, easy to use !
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
a good idea but not very useful yet. there is not access to the important online reports. there is no access to fx transactions or accounts in a foreign currency. i live overseas and bill my clients in us dollars and as such have no access to client information or us dollars sales and accounts. if the app mirrored the online program it would be great but it doesnt!!
great app. can see my transactions in real time.
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
a good idea but not very useful yet. there is not access to the important online reports. there is no access to fx transactions or accounts in a foreign currency. i live overseas and bill my clients in us dollars and as such have no access to client information or us dollars sales and accounts. if the app mirrored the online program it would be great but it doesnt!!
. pretty good app..
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
not useful yet. it is okay to check open balances and receive payments, but other than that, there is little functionality. qboa continues to improve, so i expect this app will improve as well.
. great app for small businesses
. whats the cost after free trial
. it sucks scam!!! so i tried quickbooks just for hel,p i got logged out of the app and now i have to pay $400 just to restart my password other companies are free.
love it. my entire business is conducted through my iphone. thanks qb for making life so easy!!! greatest app for any small business, hands down!!!
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
. the platform itself is perfect. but the app needs improvement. can't add things link owner's capital.
quickbooks. i have been using quickbooks for about 3 years. i use the ipad version and the quickbooks online version. it does almost everything i would need it to do. i am really liking this last update.
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
. these updates to the app and online service are worthless and have screwed up the format entirely. the latest update (91117) has caused the online version to work at a snail's pace! i'm using a brand new hp with intel 7th gen, and a terabyte!!! stop updating stuff that works fine!!!!
easy, fast and efficient. this app keeps me organized and on top of my cash flow. it is easier to use than the web interface and it's always with me when i'm on the road. as a mobile trainer, this is invaluable. once customers and vendors are set up, it takes seconds to update invoices, payments, and receipts. highly recommend.
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
67 week refund policy!!!. was accidentally charged over $30 for a payroll service i never signed up for...i am the only person employed in my business. contacted customer service and was told i would be refunded within 5 to 7 business days. 2 weeks go by and i had not received the refund so i called customer service and was told it could take up to 6 to 7 weeks to receive my refund!! i am strongly considering canceling my membership with them!!!
. best app for tracking my personal expenses easily.
. please make a simple way of uploading a photo to an invoice (instead of through create note option).
waste. waste of time money and didn't work for me payed $90.00 for something that even the tech support said sorry for the misunderstanding.
excellent. j ai fait l essai d un mois et je suis conquis ! très bonne application très complète et simple à customiser  la fonction liée au comptes est aussi très pratique m évite de recopier toutes mes dépenses à la main
. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:) 23092019 i wish to ask, wether you can remove the function which not allowed to screenshot ? it is very frustrated when i need to inform my customer how much they owe. please !!!
. horrible experience continues with indian counterpart. asked for refund twice they have sent transaction confirmations details till date money not credited even after mailing bank details and statements. customer care and refunds are two seperate teams with no interaction. had asked for refund in early dec 2018 now it is jan 2019. sales person and customer care representatives have smartly disappeared leaving customer hanging high and dry without refund and empty promises.
. i like having access to the product on my phone but i wish the app did as much as the full website.
. great app. could do with some improvements which i'm sure will happen. my biggest problem is you can't update your banking transactions through the app, you have to use the website. if you click refresh, nothing ever happens. it's annoying to have to go to the website.
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. edit: the developers comment below doesn't work as of 130619
. love the app
incomplete. well laid out and functional. without banking though it's not as useful as i'd like.
. i thought it was bad three years ago! its much worse now. not user friendly and still doesnt support my form of business. all they really do with this app is track your bank account and catigorise things. you can only catigorise as an expense or income. its the new year and new month and its counting transaction from jan 2019 as transactions from december 2018. i need help. any recomendations on business softwesr that also has tax softwear?
quickbooks. i like that everything is so easy to see and that i can reconcile for a phone app it's great!!
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
crash books pro. this terrific app asks you every few minutes to rate their program knowing that you want to tell the world how you can't send out an invoice without the app crashing. *update* i am having more issues with the app then ever. i can only assume quickbooks is either more useless then i thought. or they are retaliating for my review of their product. i have never had any program work this bad and i have worked it.
great app. overall its a great app. you can do many things from the app that you can do on the desktop version. i would like to be able to enter the worked hours on the app and also to be able register vendor invoices not only expenses.
not bad. pretty nice app. went from desktop manufacturing to quickbooks online. i like having access to my books while at craft fairs and being able to use different devices. still needs some work  it's been weeks and my gopayment account is still not linked and now find out the online doesn't acceptrecognize the chip reader. square app is more robust and may use that instead. also would be helpful to have a mileage tracker.
poor. this app makes very poor use of the screen real estate of phablet style phones and even worse on ipads. they also removed the comma from the keyboard, so adding additional email addresses to a customer is impossible. generally a poor design, this app is years behind where i should be.
. very easy to use and really great accounting app
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
. great app for running my business
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
amazing accounting software for smbs. great capabilities and integrations. only downside is the ios app is not always reflecting all data from the software. i believe this will be fixed soon
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
not even close to online or desktop versions. at the cost of not wanting to hire a secretary my consultant had me switch to online version from desktop, it sucks! used to update q.b. desktop every 3 yrs (when forced to) for $150 and now pay around $400 a year for less function. the direct qb online site is better from my mobile device than the actual app. the options between app and website dont function the same. terrible!
. this app has made life much easier and more organized
. good for applying customer payments when they are received and creating invoices on the go at the time services are provided.
. can't run payroll from the app.
. it takes a little while to get used to it i've always had the desktop version when i had questions the support staff was 100% awesome answered questions research the answers and was able to get back to me with the solution. i've use quickbooks for 25 years and will remain using their product awesome updated version able to use your phone to keep track of receipts
this app is harmful. support is useless or you really can’t recover the emails you sending to the clients with your invoice
. needs lots of work yet. it's not fullfunction, and lists with subelements are totally useless. now that qboe is more tabletready, skip this app and go straight to qboe.intuit.com with your favorite browser.
love it. great app, couldnt do anything without it!
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
. nao consegui nem finalizar o login ele simplesmente não entra.
. awesome ,app way to go. definitely worth the money with the latest updates and great customer service!!! a big big thank you to the great quick books team, the best in the business :)
. what i don't like about quick book is that when u use your phone to record a payment. you have to use the computer to move the cash from undeposited cash to cash in hand. but it is a good accounting software. and i love it
". app for android stinks. only loads a few visible parts and if you try to update an invoice, originally entered on the desktop, it will ""zero out"" the parts not found on the app (causing invoicing discrepancies). ayou also can't upload attachments to invoices (which i use frequently in my business). until intuit can make their app consistent with the desktop version it is unusable for mobility."
. best app for business.
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
was great but can't add expense. i used this app all the time yet now i can't add expenses and take a photo of receipt. something has changed help intuit.
convenient. qbo is very convenient for checking biz summary on the go. especially if you are traveling and client asking for some info. invoicing is pretty easy too.
. it needs customizable products and services. it updates to often.
. i was charged but unable to use the app or online account and had to subscribe again through the real quickbooksonline. google play charged me but i had no access to do anything in my account so i had to pay twice. the app designer made it right though and refunded one of the charges.
grateful for this software. i have an easy time figuring it out. overall i like this app. thanks would like to have a few other features like an easy way to delete mistakes. 102014. the customer support and tech support is awesone! fast, accurate and efficient! thank you.
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
nice tool. i like this tool a lot but it could use more links. you need to add the ability to add to the time sheet service. i upgraded to use that on all my business phones on the field and low and behold support lied to me and said it was possible. so i upgraded and guess what it's not in the app.
. great app helps my accounts team so well
quickbook. on trial will notify later
help. there doesn't seem to be a way to tie in purchases on to a invoice to charge specific customers. when you call in for help with the app, customer service does not have access to see what you're looking at.
mrs. love quickbooks and this app is sooo easy to use and love it!
. decent it's ok for adding expenses... but account balances are significantly lacking... i.e. non existent! must have!
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
great company. starting up a new business has been a confusing journey. quickbooks has helped me get through a lot of the pain of how to take payments and handle expenses and such. would definitely recommend.
good except.... you can't *properly* enter expenses in the app. expenses cannot be linked to the costs you've already set up, like price per mile for travel, but instead only entered as final price.
". worst backend support ever! the engineers are unable to resolve a simple ""save"" feature which is a necessity in all softwares. and when they cannot resolve, they just shut you off by sending you a thank you email. waste of time and money. unreliable and lousy support try it at your own risk"
. very easy to use this program and sell explanatory. makes everything simple and painless.
has features the browser doesn’t. i can see addresses on the client list, and it integrates with maps to get driving instructions
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
brilliant mobile app. it has changed my life . i am able to do quotes in the run and save so much valuable time .
pool guy. quickbooks forced me to update from our quickbooks mobile windows invoicing system to quickbooks mobile with only five days notice. this was very poorly planned by quickbooks and put us in a bind. however the new quickbooks mobile online system is truly fantastic and offers many more powerful features and ease of accessibility. recommendation: this app needs the ability to create a monthly statement that i can email from my phone to my customers. currently i can only do this from a laptop.
. awful, just awful. will log me in then never actually connects to my qb account. utter crap. make a product that works before advertising it on tv.
. good app works well on android
improve your customer service. the program it’s self is easy to use, but if you need to call the customer service you have to request it by logging on and emailtext or the other problem is they don’t speak english well. with increasing prices they should have great customer service just saying!
rubbish. doesn't work. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. deleted. no support from customer service
great app. been with quickbooks for two years now and still really impressed very easy to use and works across all platforms would strongly recommend
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
. does not work on my pixel phone. sucks i have to pay the same rate as everyone else but can't get all the benefits. update...the email address intuit gave me to email does not work...shocker.
so necessary. if your an small business owner quickbooks is an essential tool that makes it all pain free. you can even invite your accountant into your books and let them get the info they need easily. great software!
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
logs me off all the time. app is constantly requires entering password even with touchid enabled. not sure what the point of touchid is if a password is required
quick books for my phone. this app has made made me look more professional and helped me be a mobile office from one app. i love it!!
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
. thank you for streamliningthe company... accessto everything on all devices makes it even easier!
. good app need less pricing for subscription
. i've been trying to use this app for months and months. it doesnt work, and nobody has done anything about the problems even though there are numerous complaints and bad reviews. i'm getting ready to stop paying for quickbooks and find something else. i mainly wanted to us the app for taking pictures of receipts, but due to the syncing issues, i can't submit more than one receipt picture without the app hanging or freezing. i've tried reinstalling, clearing cache, etc. with no luck.
. always been a great app! wish we had better designable invoices but oh well. thank you!!
just started. i just started my business and only had a few transactions. when i downloaded qb online it was simple and everything reconciled perfectly. it's easier then the old software too which i am use to using.
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
. i love this app.
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
. info lost. i was using the service for my business last year and started in march. in november the app crashed. when it did all my saved receipts mileage and info was lost. i can't even login any longer. when i called they said there is no support for the app except online. so i cant even speak to a rep. so all my info gone and i'm still being charged for a year and a half now for a service that never existed.
. great app
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
ridiculous. very nice overall, with an incredibly aggravating poison pill. some genius (?) decided to eliminate text input on dropdown lists (eg payee), guaranteeing long and annoying scrolls for long lists. renders a potential convenience quite useless?
great business tool. this program has helped me i the field like no other program i can think of.
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
. great app.
description is misleading. there is no way to enter or see expenses in this app and of course no way to attach receipt pictures to these expenses. you can enter expenses using computer and attach picture of receipt there, but not in this app. if you need a plug in to do that, why not to say so? or just remove missing components from description.
. why doesn't this app work at all on my samsung?? its saying it can't be supported.
great mobile app, but it has a mind of its own. i've found the ability to work remotely as a great plus for estimates, electronic invoices and checking customer records. i have just had issues with downloaded deposit amounts and matching for reconciliation. automatic entry into register has to go!
accept button doesn’t work.. love the app however this latest update the accept button doesn’t seem to work so you can’t accept the new line items from your bank feed.
does not comply to govt gst invoice format. does not comply to govt gst invoice format. this could be serious compliance issue for merchants. we are unsubscribing the service due to this reason. will get back when quickbooks invoice format is in compliance with government gst invoice format.
amazing app!!!!. love quickbooks and also the app. excellent layout design. just one thing is needed. please allow the app to support touchid for the login process. this would be just the best update ever! thanks
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
qb app. not useful as it could be as you can't enter a bill! not being able to enter a bill makes it useless to work from an ipad or tablet device.
great. great app i use it everyday, makes invoices a breeze and makes it easier at the end of the year for tax purposes.
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
. best accounting software! worst customer service ever!!!! hold times are hours & when you finally get a person, which is a miracle, they get offended if your upset & will hang up on you!they do not want to help you, just keep you trapped in their maze paying that monthly (rediculous) price! all they want is your money! & will hold your important business info & data entered as ransome. *horrible business practice*
. awesome app. helps me keep on top of all of my accounting as i go and super easy to navigste. highly recommend.
multiple selection?. hey is it possible to do multiple when using this app on iphone like it’s possible when using my ipad. if not can you make it possible.
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
quickbooks on the go!!!!. i love the program and app. i find that it's easier through the app since i can just take the photo right from my phone. i recommend this for anyone!!!!
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved
almost great. so, the limited features in the app seem like just a lack of time to include. otherwise, easy to use, and great way to keep track.
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
. looks good in theory... bit hard to use and not real keen on all the permissions....
. good app very good addition to qb online really convenient. no issues or problems so far and seems quite secure. simple to use
. usefull and effective. it needs improvement in its mobile features. creating delivery challan and entering gst details while adding new customers isn't available currently. hope to see this feature soon in the app
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
handy. great app! can create estimates and get signatures right on my phone!
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
. very miss leading and is nothink like the tv advert. not to easy to use and over all disappointed. having to use it because of my accountant. no impressed!!!! also no english call centre's! you can't understand the customer help line team as there english is poor. needs english call centres employing english to overcome this problem!!!!!
superb app. works everytime for me, allows me to update invoices, expenses and record payments.
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
worthless on ios13. out of all the apps i have, this is the only one that wasn’t ready for ios13. it was worthless during the entire public beta process & i was hoping with the actual ios 13 release, it would be updated. not the case, still worthless. doesn’t work on my iphone or ipad. it was the convenience of having quickbooks on the go that sold me in the first place. not the case anymore.
we are in love with qbo. hated accounting thru qb before but this year's online version plus the android app made us change our mind ... now we absolutely love it and we can't thank the intuit team enough for creating such friendly qb online version for business. much appreciated, lanareale.com
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
really needs an easier login. since the last update, logging in is a huge pain. touch id rarely works.fix this.
very useful. would like to be able to send statements.
timed out....... worked for 2 hours on typing big estimate, session timed out, lost everything, how is this able to happen? we send people to the moon in 1969 yet we can’t safeguardprevent this app from wasting hard work and precious time. it’s the first time i thought i could throw my ipad into the next county. fix this stupidity
fail update.. update never savessends invoices on either of my 2 devices
. awesome app
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
vital for biz. makes it simple to analyze business from your phone.
no good color and texture of sreen. it hard to seen no c olor in photos
"can't log in. been trying to log in but i keep getting the error ""connection to server failed"". it's really disappointing"
. does everything i need and more!
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
meh, no project profitability reports in the app. as a construction business all our accounting revolves around p&l reports per project. the onlinedesktop app gives us the project report but the app does not, which makes the app pretty much useless. our best solution is to login to our qbo account through safari on the phone to see the real time project profitability, shouldn’t the app do that?
. great app use it all the time
accept button. accept button in banking is not working after update. it is now working :)
shiny, pretty and useless. the shinier they make it, the more confusing and unfriendly it gets. no reminders, no scheduled transactions and no searchable help. i have the ipad app to make accounting quick and easy when i travel not to have something new to learn.
. does the job on any operating system!
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
. doesn't work with asus android 7.0. i received a reply from quickbooks about this review but i never received a reply from the phone call that i did. they said that they will contact me in 48 hours, this was more than a week ago. i send an email today to the email that they gave me today, let see how long they will reply me with some kind of solution. i will keep this post actualized.
. great program
. very good program, other than the price has went up 3 times this year.........getting expensive.......started at $12 a month and now at $25
useless out in the field can't work off line. useless out in the field can't work off line and constantly wants you to refresh data. does not support star portable printers. waist of space on cell phone gave it a second try useless creating a invoice have to use search window to find items. had to go use desktop instead of my ipad pro because would of took all night to do a invoice.
awesome app. works great for my mobile detail business.
almost great. this app would be better if it had a little more functionality. i would love to be able to upload photos to invoices or even send an invoice from the app. i find myself not really using the app very much because it does not have full functionality. it would be nice if qb could mirror their web based app.
waste of valuable time.. all i wanted was a simple app to send 1 (one) out of state customer an invoice at the end of the month. my other 2 (two) customers don't really need one. took an hour to set it up and a couple more to figure out i was declined. just wanted something simple.
". i am a new user to quickbooks and to the quickbooks online, and i have enjoyed the flexibility the app allows those of us who are constantly ""onthego."" it is a beneficial convenience for our employees who office out of their vehicle daily, traveling from plumbing appointment to plumbing appointment."
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. am i the only one who realizes after a while the auto tracking mileages notification doesnt show at the top of the screen?... i think this app is a complete rip off... it doesnt track all mileages like it says... i think i want my refund back. how can i go bout doing just that?
outstanding. fix individual entry format for android for a 5 star rating.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
. doesn't have my back in its list, so it's useless. i've cancelled my subscription. when i contacted support, they were obsessed with my subscription, rather than the actual issue.
saves so much time. i got this app to help save time and it does. it took awhile to set up and i have had to phone for help a few times and they have been fab. i can send invoices and receipts form my phone. i am able to keep up to date on my accounts without the effort.
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
. does not show my payroll infopay stub. just doesn't work well on the app : not even on mobile for my samsung s9 using samsung internet or chrome. only works well using a computer or laptop...
great app for independent contractors. qb helps me stay on top of my invoices and keeps me organized.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
loss of functionality. i had been using this app for a while without any real issues. however, recently the 'expense' button that pulls up from the '+' menu on the home screen is grayed out...thus rendering the app fairly useless on the go! intuit said they unfortunately didn't have the ability to fix issues with the app.
best app ever!. i run my whole totally green business from my 📱all because of this app. it makes business seem so easy!
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
"confusing and cluttered app. i love that nearly all of the features in the desktop app are here in the mobile app. however the interface, especially the home page, is confusing and cluttered. ""company activity"" is a bit useless as the default page. show me the charts of paidunpaid invoices. i think the developers are tasked with including every single feature and that clouds their design judgement. it's not an easy ask but let's make this app more mobile friendly."
uh huh. does exactly what it's supposed to.
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
. terrible app
. the best accounting app for beginners
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
. it keeps logging out of my bank, and also deleted a lot of what i logged from last year.. now i dont have the correct information that i need... not very happy with this quickbooks app...
#1 business app. after trying many programs, including all of quickbooks packages, quickbooks has the best tools for running your startup.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.. crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.
this app is awesome!. very easy to use and very helpful for my small business!
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
. i don't like to forcefully create account first. without using application how can i create account. other apps like this type providing use without login so why you requires login first???
keep up the good work!. i really like the platform. it is very user friendly. it has to be for me to figure it out. works every time i use it. no crashes. keep it up!
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
. origionally i wanted to use this app for easy application of spreadsheets and invoices, unfortunately when everything wasn't working out for me, i decided to pull the plug and cancel my subscription. unfortunately, it is hard to get a cancellation and stop the reoccurring payments and it has brought me here. i would recommend that you guys make it easier for others to manage your subscription accounts.
quick books makes my life easier!. doing estimates and sending invoices is easier then ever!
love it!. why have i wasted time on quickbooks when i could have been using the online version! so much easier to use.
". about the only thing this app does real well is it crashes all the time. some features of this app i can't even get to without it crashing. so all said i am able to look up customers but other then that it's useless. i try to use it on a samsung 10"" tablet"
flawless. first app that i've used that really hasn't had any problems at all. i do most on my computer but this is nice to have in case you're in a jam
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
. very close to cancelling my subscription as app doesn't work. after adding 45 receipts i get an error message that my request cannot be added and i should call customer support. have tried reinstalling clearing cache signing out and nothing works permanently very frustrated
. makes life much easier. just had to learn real accounting techniques. provided i can find a mobile signal then the mobile version is a great help.
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
. downloaded and reinstalled current version and still could not login to my account. quite frustrating coming from intuiit!
iphone app switching companies. thank you so much for adding the ability to switch companies without logging out!! more likely to utilize iphone app now on the go 😊😊😊
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
great bookkeeping app. this is a great app for tracking expenses sending invoices and overall bookkeeping. it is especially great if you are a mobile service and always on the go, easytouse from your phone or tablet or computer!
useful app. adds a lot of useful abilities to your mobile device. i'm not a heavy user of it, but i have not had issues with it for months using the basic features.
. every time i send a invoice with pdf attached it says email sent pdf not
convenient app!. good app, just wish it would migrate previous category info for existing payees. it would be 5 stars then.
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
no customer support. this is potentially a great app, but customer support is nonexistent  3 emails sent and 2 weeks waiting for a reply to a subscription issue.
. helpful app. makes doing my books a lot quicker and more simple.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
. quickbooks does not work. it's a terrible program with a zero customer support. the problems i have are very basic and i'm certain others experience the same problems yet they are never resolved. i can't attach screenshots and i don't have the patience to enter all the problems experienced but i hate quickbooks and it's a shame that have such a grip on the industry because i would dump them with a smile immediately if i could
great accounting app. i have been using this app on multiple devices, so far the ipad version is the easiest to use.
. i can show up on the job given an estimate 10 minutes later i've got a down payment , and the confirmation to do the job i've never had this ever before in my life
please update to support iphone x. please update to support iphone x
good for invoices. the mobile app doesn’t have all options from the desktop app. and it’s something that makes sense... i mostly use the mobile app to check on invoices status. also the alerts ... it sent notification when an invoice is paid, and some basic information as well.
payroll unable to handle contractors. unable to pay contractors on 1099 also their supports work around took more time than outsourcing payroll. wuuuuuuut? ? i have used quicken since computers came out and it looks nice and works great for (normally) most things. cheers
. can't add charges would get 5 stars if i could add charges (to be invoiced at a later time), but the mobile app doesn't seem to allow for this
perfect app for consulting. fantastic app! highly recommended. very easy to use with ability to track invoices  it's perfect for my consulting business.
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
create a project under a customer for ios. this needs to be added asap. we are a mobile company and would very much utilize creating a project on the go in ios. both for ipad and iphone. thanks.
easy to use. its very convenient to be able to run my business on my cell phone
it's just not the same as online. though the app does do most of the basic functions that you can do online it is still lacking some of the advantages to just doing it online. it is convenient to be able to access it on the go but it should be as versatile as the online version, also some of the menus are a little confusing on the app.
touch id is pointless. needs work!. the new update was supposed to fix the touch id issue. you can log in via touch id. however if you kill the app or restart your phone, you need to log back in using your password. what is the point? i want to log in via touch id everytime. that's what it's there for.
. it works great on my phone, and tablet. i'd recommend it to other people that use quickbooks if it could be used. i use it constantly, but would use it all the time with a tablet. it sometimes has issues with launching. i've had reinstallrelaunch several times.
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
. app start hi nahi ho raha he,add company karte hi restart ho jata he
. easy to setup & customize invoices, accurate, i am pleased!
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
credit card interface is awesome. i know all apps aren't perfect, but this one does everything i need. i'm so happy when i can set up a new client, invoice and receive payment immediately! this has really improved my cash flow!
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
often worthless. when the system works it can be great. however, i’m in day 3 of not being able to get bank accounts to update.
. awesome easy interface for all your accounting and buisness needs.
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
. issue with app was directed in app to call quickbooks online customer service. no solution after being on the phone for 2 hours, they ended up calling android and at&t to try and fix the issue, which made absolutely no sense to me and got us nowhere. customer service has no clue about anything app related including when the password reset does not send verification code. i ended up having a different company to resolve the issue for me. below instructions solved nothing.
great app. i was only half way pleased with the app before. but with the new upgrades and changes, it is almost fully functional! it is so nice to be in a meeting with my partners or accountant or client and be able to look up data on my iphone. so worth it... i love it!!!!!!!
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
if you have an issue reload the app.. that fixed my problem and it works great now.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
can't enter bills. if i can't enter bills on the ipad version, the software is useless.
love it. easy to use and reliable. customer love the fact that they can sign the estimate and invoice.
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
not quite what i'm looking for. after the invoice2go update disaster, i read a lot of good things about this app. sadly it fell short of expectation as i was unable to change the invoice number, which i would think was a pretty basic requirement. advice on the internet seems to relate to an older version of the app as the information did not relate to what was on the screen. i won't be utilising my free trial, nor will i be subscribing.
great app, continues to get better. best decision i ever made for my business was moving to qb online. saves a ton of time being able to conduct business on the fly.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
". often doesn't work. customer service tells me not to use the app, to access account from web browser. the numbers you get there may be undependable. don't trust it. the browser doesn't work with the phone. there only reason for quickbooks online is access while away from the computer. i often get the message,""check back in a few hours"". isn't that great when standing in front of a customer trying to write an invoice."
great system easy to use. i really like the online version better than the windows. the app is easy to use there's some issues with it though, i would ole like it better if you could use and access every thing as if you were on your computer. i don't always have time to sit down at the desk and go threw every thing.
conevenient but lacks features. overall, good for checking basic things on the go, as well as some other basic functions. it is far from fully featured though. quickbooks online sees constant updates with new features lately, so it’s probably just a matter of time before the app catches up a bit.
literally crashes every time i try to enter a sale.. great for tracking expenses but useless for processing and tracking sales. very disappointed.
great services. as a small business owner this software offers me everything i need.
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
why isn't app as easy to use as actual online. the online version is so much easier to navigate. i don't like that the app and the online version have things in different places. it makes it much harder to locate things. i would rather have one streamlined version to use on all devices.
so far i have enjoyed the freedom from sitting at my computer. i can make estimates send invoices and do my banking right on my phone anytime anyplace.. sweet app
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
. quickbooks is rubbish, i have literally wasted days of my life trying to set it up to work efficiently only to hit endless glitches. the last straw was that it lost information vital to my business and therefore money because of lack of clarity on the app. beware 'edit current' actually means actually means change template and loose all previous information. quickbooks don't care about the individual and have not compensated for this.
great app. keeps everything so easy, nice interface and functionality
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
pretty useless. very slow and painful to use, doesn’t let you bank any payments etc. probably only useful for those who wish to produce very basic invoices
good app for business owners. i think the app does a good job with tracking expenses and billing. as a whole i think there may be better programs out there. do you research before signing up.
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
. your app is garbage. i've had to reset my password 4 times and have the verification code texted and phoned to me several times and still nothing. thanks for wasting 1 hour of my time that i cannot get back😠😠😠😠😠
. the app is fantastic everything works well little exhausting to set accounts and banking but once everything is done and working it's very efficient and my customers can get their invoices very quickly plus in my electrical construction business.
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
fantastic!. quickbooks is a great program and is now even better with this mobile app!
finally becoming useful.. new banking update is great, now just get it to work. very buggy and extremely laggy. you hit an item, then do it again because nothing happens, but it switches to the next screen and you end up clicking something you didn't want to. very frustrating. fix this and 5 stars. on galaxy tab s 10.5 running lolipop 5.0.2
shiny, pretty and useless. the shinier they make it, the more confusing and unfriendly it gets. no reminders, no scheduled transactions and no searchable help. i have the ipad app to make accounting quick and easy when i travel not to have something new to learn.
. excellent app
. this is a good program. however when using the app i cannot edit saved customers address for different job addresses to do invoices quicker on job sites.
. it doesn't load new transactions to review ever, even if you're days behind. kinda pointless unless you're trying to just use it for previous reports.
mobile app. convenient.
no longer works with ios 13. i just updated to ios 13. the app now crashes immediately after it tries to launch my company. i tried reinstalling it but no luck. please fix this asap!
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
. this app is honestly magnificent. it helps me balance my checkbook. helps me track expenses and send invoices. it's honestly a must.
owner. love the program i am having problems inputing my desktop customers and previous business information. called the help desk and still waiting forba fix
worth it could be improved. works well, my only complaint is different functions are available or not available depending on how you access quickbooks. can be a little frustrating when i need to send an account statement and have to do it from a pc as that option seems to be absent on iphone and ipad access. better than my other invoice options by far worth using for sure.
easy to use!. this app gives me the leverage i need to stay organized.
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
. quickbooks online is great, but the app does not include much for keeping your business mobile. all the small things really upset me, such as not showing inventory quantity on hand in the app. i'll just keep using the web browser until the app is up to par.
. good app
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
great app. i love this app. it's very helpful and easy to use. keeps everything organized and in order easy to look up at any time. i highly recommend it for all small businesses. it will definitely make your life a lot easier.
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
newuser. enjoying the switch from mac to online!
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
company activity and payments are not updating!. the new version does not work!!
keeps getting better. i've had this app since its first release. i can finally rely on the phone  ipad app without needing to boot up my computer  including accurate profit and loss accounts and easy invoicing. the new bank reconciliation for the app works perfectly and is a very welcome addition for my business. i look forward to international currencies being supported in a future release.
. when i am logged in, i can see all of my vendors, even ones i recently added, but there is zero activity listed underage vendor. customer service take several days to get back to me and then they don't actually answer my question
stupid app. and never works right nightmare to login
. great app and very simple to use. just what my construction company needed to be legit
employee. love quickbooks but really want to incorporate it into my service vehicles please make a employee version
horrible!! worst waste of space ever!. would give negative stars if i could. absolutely horrible app, can't do a damned thing; can't enter or edit or view bills, can't enter new customers, can't enter new or edit existing invoices, can't enter new expenses or edit existing, can't enter or edit payments. can't figure out what this is supposed to do except take up space and cause frustration. do not waste your time downloading. like others said, use excel and a shoebox.
. great app & software on the go.
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
don't do it. can't bill a portion of a estimate have to bill it all at once! it will not let you see your job costs per estimate! this is a huge deal i can't believe they haven't fixed this yet. come on qb add another freaken column already! tones of other stuff on the accounting side that i don't know about is missing as well!
. chaparrita49 love this app
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
. why are you advertising this app when you're not servicing in india.
good but needs more. i wish i can record bills in the expences area, and on the banking it will be nice to be able to do transfers, and deposits. other than that this app is been working ok for me.
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
crashed when entered a sales transaction. downloaded this app to see if i could use it instead of at a computer and the app crashed as soon as i tried to enter a sales transaction. i tried to enter in the receipt type and it crashed
great app. love this app!
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
. not at all professional, still there is lots of bugs and team behind is not able to resolve the issues we are reporting
quickbooks. the best accounting system and app there is no realistic comparison. easy to use.
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
needs updates. same app. works okay but very limited functionality. i figured since online version was updated they would've made changes here too. disappointed at how's long it's taking qb to add accounting functionality to this app.
. simple and convenient
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
. no online registration on india and trial app
. very graet app
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
using new app for a week more problems longer i use it. really unhappy  i am missing data and receiving error messages and my only option for assistance is to use a form. am completely disappointed in quickbooks. limited functionality! come on intuit can't do any better than this and keep up with the times i have to use a computer or laptop to get full functionality?!
. needs a millage tracker as per your other app. this app has almost everything i need. would be 5 start with that addition
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. origionally i wanted to use this app for easy application of spreadsheets and invoices, unfortunately when everything wasn't working out for me, i decided to pull the plug and cancel my subscription. unfortunately, it is hard to get a cancellation and stop the reoccurring payments and it has brought me here. i would recommend that you guys make it easier for others to manage your subscription accounts.
. great app
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
great easy to use. i love the mobil app really lets me work outside the office.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
can't even get in. changed password, tried countless times, still can't get in. this is unreal! please fix this app! !
great app. easy accounting program to implement and run with. great to have access across all my devices.
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
. useless if you can't filter invoices by #s. or actual date the job was done. all the invoices are jumbled and you can't find anything i have to know the exact invoice number which is not handy at all. the app is ok, but the invoice filters are a complete mess.
. love this app. easy to work with
. i can show up on the job given an estimate 10 minutes later i've got a down payment , and the confirmation to do the job i've never had this ever before in my life
crashes. downloaded this onto my ipad. as soon as i open it up it instantly crashes.
i love this app. i love all of the features it currently has. i wish we had more of the controls we had from our qbo web version. 4616  i love that i can now see my check registers & a few other things have been updated. added the final star!
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
"rubbish. ""run your entire business""  what a joke. this app is pretty useless to do anything. quickbooks is already hard to use and this just doesn't help."
. très efficace
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
. always having an error notice when signing in
east coaster. i love the online version. i can use my laptop, ipad or iphone to update, send quotes or invoices and even take payments via email.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
gerald. tax . tax here applied is actually confusing as only sales tax is taken into account. it's as if purchases or expenses are not taxed. if you need to claim tax on purchases or expenses doesn't show anything. it's as if i do it manually or. how do i import quickbook intuit into quickbooks online. or why not merge some features in intuit to online. it's not only as you say to do invoice as you go but you can't account for your taxes.
awesome! a must for small business.. may seem a tiny overwhelming at first. just stick to it and you'll learn to love it! so simple once you get the hang of things ;)
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
convenient. moving to quickbooks online plus has been a great move. there was a small learning curve but it is very stable and now we're very happy that we made the change. the best part is using the app on my iphone
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
crashes almost immediately. running ios 12 and then 13 on an iphone 8. installed the app. put my login info in. accepted that no problem. then boom. app crashes and i’m back to my iphone home screen. rebooted my phone. deleted and reinstalled the app. makes no difference. still crashes. having this app was a big factor in my decision to run my business on quickbooks and now i’m reconsidering that before i get any deeper.
. works very well for how i use the app within my business.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
zero stars 10.3 is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
. i haven't done much with the app yet, but so far so good. it seemed difficult at first however; the more i used it, the easier it became
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
great app!. this is a great app! only reason for 4 instead of 5 is that there is restrictions to the app but not online. i do all my business from my phone so it would be great if the app was more adapted so i could do everything from my phone.
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
. app won't upload my bank transactions. how do i add revenue?
president. love this app
. it's good but could be better. limited functionalities on the mobile app.
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
. very easy to use. i was put onto this by my accountant and i am so glad she did . if i can do it, anyone can.
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line. still has a long way to go.
keep crush !. my iphone version is ios11.2.1. i can’t open this app. keep crushing. please fix asap.
biz essential. still learning to capitalize on having my business so accessible on the fly. i send estimates and invoices before i leave the bid sometimes.
. it's real basic. if you want to keep track of your balances, create estimates and receive payments, then it's fine.
we be removing from my ipad. while it allows you to look at a couple of reports, the entries do not link to account activity, making the app useless for me. i will be removing it from my ipad.
. very efficient, very useful
not free. unless i missed it this app says free. when you try to utilize it, it asks for $$$. if i'm wrong i will change the review immediately.
should have been ready for io13. i waited patiently while running the io13 beta & this app not working. but now that the official io13 public release is available i have to give this 1 star, 0 if i could. the app just crashes!! quickbooks, you should have had your app ready way before this public release.
. this app is eady to use and keep all my business expenses in one place!
. i use quickbooks online with a scheduling program that is synced together. i am a one man company but you could never tell. thanks to quickbooks. l also have increased profits
. app doesn't open anymore
. good. needs ability to save credit card info so easy to invoice in the future.
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
poor. if you write a review and the nickname is taken you have to start all over again. app is very limited and web version has problems with ipad pro
. app is great once you practice it
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
. absolutely useless!! you cannot access anything except invoicing and payments. un installing right now! what a waste!
awesome app. easy to use. intuitive. great mobile app.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
crashing. i’ve had constant trouble with this app crashing on me off and on for months. now it doesn’t work at all, even after i deleted the app and redownloaded it. no one can help me.
useful app. simplified accounting package.
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
where's suppliers gone. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense
amazing program. this is the best program for your company!
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
what a joke. downloaded this app so i could pay employees and taxes on time without having to be at my computer and i can't do either, i have to be in front of my computer to do both. i don't understand why it's not allowed on mobile app.
finest accounting software. we are using since last two years and still satisfied.
. it doesn't have a feature that allows to also monitor the business on the pc, i mean webversion linked to the app.
recent update. worked great until most recent update. can't create new invoices now. when you save it says it's saving but then just stops.
. great app for small businesses easy to record all ur reciepts
not bad.... would like to be able to use it to cray an invoice and take a credit card payment on the road
. won't update data. data is 137 days old and counting. refreshes don't help and uninstallingreinstalling is a waste of time. thanks for nothing.
. easy to use, great for keeping track of expenses, account payable, billing invoices, service. link to your bank account to keep track of everything all in one place
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
crash instantly on iphone 5. this app crashes instantly and doesn't operate on my iphone 5 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work. why don't you guys fix this?
great app. i use apple products and it works great for us. get paid quick with credit cards or bank transfers.
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
great product!. importing my company file from desktop to qbo was a breeze. love the interface, ease of use, and having access to qb anywhere i go.
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
. how do i unsubscribe
good program. been using this software for about 6 months now and find it very useful as a sole trader it works for me i can pick up my phone and write an invoice straight away.
please prioritise. can you please forget about the fancy fonts and new colours!! first repair the many bugs and crucial features missing from this app so we can operate our business efficiently. once that’s done feel free to change as many fonts as you like.
junk. won't sign in crashes in sign in screen
. i like it compared to the desktop program, i wish it had more functionality that the desktop has. i have been finding work around to get what i want done but not able to do everything like i expected. but i love being able to work in the field
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
company owner. you can't go in an manage users unless you have a desktop version that's just not acceptable i have an ipad pro cost 3times what my computer cost it better get fixed or i am gone.very disappointed. also customer service can't help either rg
. complete app for business
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
. always crashes, is temporarily unavailable or can't sync banking transactions
. just started and loving it i have only been using this app for a short time but it has helped me stay on top of the business side of my work and has made invoicing much easier!
. had difficulty with seeing my total mileage, but was guided by a rep.
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
. amazing accounting software for small business! highly recommend!
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
"so disappointing. in a never ending but now predictably disappointing offering that intuit calls its cloudbased offering ""quickbooks online"" we have a fantastically buggy and seamfull application with even more limited functionality than the web application. unfortunately it's a ""beggars can't be choosers"" scenario yet again as intuit continues to monopolize the market by utilizing profits for acquisition of competitors, rather than listening to customers to develop it's cloudbased core competencies. shakes head in disappointment."
love it. business owner love this app
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
hit or miss. when it works it is awesome, however it's been rare that it works. 9 out of 10 times i get an error has occurred message and i have to use the desktop to resolve it.
works smoothly. can't tell you how much time i've saved tagging receipts in this app. simple and useful.
pool guy. quickbooks forced me to update from our quickbooks mobile windows invoicing system to quickbooks mobile with only five days notice. this was very poorly planned by quickbooks and put us in a bind. however the new quickbooks mobile online system is truly fantastic and offers many more powerful features and ease of accessibility. recommendation: this app needs the ability to create a monthly statement that i can email from my phone to my customers. currently i can only do this from a laptop.
quickbooks. really hard to get online started i'll write another review when i get it started
excellent!. this is a fab piece of software for both selfemployed and accountants to sync all your activity in one place.
great app!. i'm in love with this app, too bad that the proadvisor app doesn't work as sharp (doesn't work at all).
. user for 2 years, samsung s8, app fails to load now. when it did work, it never showed historical customer transactions. never properly refreshed bank connections oh, you would have to go to the online portal and update first before you could use or see your transactions on this app. i'm pretty fed up at this point with this app, only thing i really wanted to do at this point was use the receipt scanning but i can't even do that now. uninstalled..
great small business app. just opened up my first company,being a one person office ,secretary, and boss this app is great to help micro manage all your small office responsibilities. it's a great app to email quick quotes onsite for that customer who looking for the job to get done asap. have to say this made my work day is alot easier and definitely is less complicated!!!!
love it but..... seems like new technology with some bugs. also some reciprocity issues with what can be done on app as opposed to phone. i know intuit will refine and well worth it. it is helping me streamline my business networking system!!! love it and look forward to giving a 5 star in couple years!
. app is crashing as soon as it starts... 🙄
decent. if there was a crash course in it, it could be the best app but it still gets the job done 😁
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
. quickbooks notified me of this update at 1am. not nice.
great app, easy to use!. this is a great financial management app. i'm far from an accountant but once you have your chart of accounts set up, keeping track of expenses and income is a breeze! a few swipes of your finger and you can reconcile your bank accounts. if only more things were this easy!
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
difficult to use. makes it harder to run your business not easier.
great way to get my money in and estimates out.. really happy quickbooks enables me to work anywhere creating on the spot estimates and invoices making my cash flow work better for me. great app
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes.
simple and easy. i find the app and the computer program simple and easy to navigate. i operate my small business using quickbooks and i am yet to have an issue.
love it. very simple you use and looks professional, only think i’d say is don’t let your trail run completely out before you buy because it won’t instantly be back up and running takes a few days
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
. it's an amazing app, very helpful and fast responsive
cogs. i need to be able to track inventory and cost of goods on my ipad like right now, please
the android app is so diffrent than the ios app.. ios app has the functionality to select multiple items too an estimateorder with the multi select feature. this is missing in android. also before the update, the send comand asked the way we wanted to send the invoice and we can select email, fax application. but with the update it only send with the quickbooks email. cant send by fax anymore. please provide the share option on invoice and estimates atleast.
simple and great on the go!. a simpler version of quick books online, not all the functions are available but it's very user friendly and does what i need!
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
it works for about 10 transactions.... then it freezes and incorrectly categorizes your selections. lots of fun.
. it's better easier than what they made the desk top version into.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. after installing and recovering my account details this app offers me some trial? should be stated somewhere beforehand.
love😻this app. must have for small business owners.. or even for personal use. don't know what i'd do with out it. been using for 3 years now😊
nice, but naughty. i am writing this review at christmas, that explains the headline :) this app used to be awesome. now i get a lot of can not connect to data or can not refresh data even after multiple refreshes. hope they fix it
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
. we are really enjoying the convenience of this app
. its easy but the app needs work to be seemless. its not as userfriendly as the desktop version but for what i use it for its alright.
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
. really frustrated, do not buy this app through google, once you setup you account through good you can not upgrade you account or transfer it to a regular subscription. so i'm just stuck with what i have....
quick book rocks. best accounting package ever made. it links to your bank . cards directly. no need of much accounting knowledge. provide login to your accountant. operate from anywhere.
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
you need to purchase one per company. if you own multiple companies this software may not work for you. unless you rather pay double and in my case triple for each software per company. highly disappointed and no one that would solve it. regretfully invested.
. good and easy to use app.
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
great app. allows me to enter expenses right away.
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
crashes since update. i've tried to create a twoline invoice repeatedly since the update, and it crashes every time. will update review when it works.
great app!. works great on a samsung galaxy s5. features are coming along nicely. it would save a step to be able to add another expense from one just saved without having to back up from that record but no complaints otherwise.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
using for almost 30 yrs and about to quit. very sad that they charge for every issue now, to pay a bill, to use an invoice, even to do a credit for a vendor. it's going to be less expensive to hire a book keeper!
great app!. very userfriendly and convenient. great for people who are needing to create invoices and estimates and track expenses. the iphone app is fantastic!
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
does not compare to ipad version.. i am an android man all the way but very dissatisfied with quickbooks online for android. i purchased quickbooks online after seeing it on a friends ipad. i was disappointed to find that it looked nothing like my friends version. the layout on android in comparison looked very primitive and unintuitive. it does not even capture signatures like the ipad version.
fantastic. great bit of kit can do everything i need on the go send invoices and put in my expenses
. would be better if it used ai to fill in some of the receipt details
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
game changer. highly recommend qbo for any business trying to keep up with the cloud.
. o app é bom, mas ou é uma bug ou é propaganda enganosa, porque diz ser r$13,99 por mês e ao clicar para assinar o preço vai para r$48
really!!. i have business to run. fix it !!
. simple, easy and quick. easy to use and keep your books. highly recommended
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
. really frustrated, do not buy this app through google, once you setup you account through good you can not upgrade you account or transfer it to a regular subscription. so i'm just stuck with what i have....
. great app. i have enjoyed learning on the uses for it. my only complaint would be the overall price i pay for everything. i feel like i get nickle and dimed on things i feel like should come with my monthly fee. with that being said i still plan on using this since it works very well and it has overall saved me time.
love it!. why have i wasted time on quickbooks when i could have been using the online version! so much easier to use.
overly complicated for sole prop. this app is useless for simple small business money in money out, it shouldn’t be this hard and definitely not worth the fight
easy to use. the quickbooks app is quick and easy to use.
very handy  will stop the boss bugging me!. good app for the boss to have. super easy to check on customers invoices overdue etc. would like to see timesheet daily activity integration please  perhaps with a contollable daily multiple nag me to enter times feature? with timesheet integration i could roll this out to other staff :) cheers!
. the app is very restricted, kind of defeats the object when many of the online functions aren't available
easy to access. i use quickbooks online and i love the fact that i can use it on multiple devices with ease. also backups and upgrades are no longer a issue.
good but could be better. many features that are online, you cannot use in the app. even the online version is limited.
. underrwhelmed this doesn't do anything but receipts and invoices. does anyone's company run without reports or balances. there is no way this is helpful! reloaded thinking something may have changed....not. no account balances. no reports. so very disappointed still.
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
. does not work right for 3 months and still not fixed...yet they still charge as if it were working
. realmente útil y fácil de usar, después del periodo de prueba no me peso pagar su precio.
. you have to pay and i am looking for a free app to do my stuff
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
. awesome app makes invoicing and tracking payments easy
. great with some improvements would be nice if invoice generated from app had the pay online link like the invoices i send from computer. is there a setting that i need to change to activate this feature?
jason arnold. so far quickbooks has been great. their program has some flaws i’m told they are working on. the payroll is very very slow to get up and running. but all i. all it saves me time and money
. every accountant's companion.
. some features only available through the desktop dashboard ...
. useless app. waste of money. lousy support. subscribe at your own risk. i am cancelling mine
love this app tho. 😘👌👍👏😊♡✔
great for my employers. i'm an office manager at two companies, and i've been able to save my employers, field technicians, and office staff time, money, and paper with qbo. thanks intuit!
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
great app. i use this everyday for my landscape business. couldn't do it without it. thanks!
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
. was working ok then app was updated,. help centre can't give time to fix or troubleshoot to be able to use this whilst out on jobsites not happy at all costing money
. it's a great app
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
doesnt seem to work on lg g4. cant even log in to the app.raised it with quickbooks support over a month and we still cant seem to get it working
. easy to use and my accountant recommended it highly.
. it's a decent app. not quite a full model with some basics left out. also, they need to make it available for kindle.
. this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
accounting. best program for my business. great access and easy to use.
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
terrible support. the feature that you promote in your advertisement for this app shows a person recording his receipts wich mainly are cash or card paid. the options that you have as type of payments are cheque, credit or other. nobody this days pay by cheque or by credit receipts for small amounts!!!! totally useless!!!
. great app that makes accounting easy on the go! it's flexible and terrific for our business!
. not a bad app
. this program will not let me separate my inactive accounts from my active accounts. also navigation is not intuitive to me.
owner. great app
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
. this apo no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
. me gusta, tal vez deberia tener version en español.
very good. it should be able to synchronize with quickbooks desk top.the online version on the pc sucks!!!! not user friendly,and very limeted,
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
excellent for businesses in the go!. quickbooks is easy to use and the app allows me to create transactions, view balances and customer information wherever i am. i also love that i can take a photo of a receipt and categorize it on the go.
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
crash issues. this app crashes on the new iphone 11 pro max using ios 13. please release updates to resolve the issue.
a1. great saves money time talks to my accountant, does estimates, converts to invoice simple
. i use quickbooks online with a scheduling program that is synced together. i am a one man company but you could never tell. thanks to quickbooks. l also have increased profits
. this app sucks and has for years! maybe if they charged us $1,000 a month then they could get it to work. maybe they just don't care enough to make it work. samsung galaxy s7 will not show entire history for past customers. mildly important!
. like it but doesn't seem like it syncs with my phone app.
great app. need security code.. the app has lot of confidential data. please add security code to open the app, similar to quicken.
qb online. this software is good but lacks shelf assessment options and the price is slowly getting to much per month. currently just gone up to £21.50month so time to look for a cheaper sole trader option
mobile app. convenient and easy too use!
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
". was a good app. now it will not exit upon entering an expense. upon entering all the info and clicking ""save"" it stays on the same screen. if you hit save 5 times thinking it's not working it saves the expense 5 times. you have to back out and click don't save the transaction but it will be there. intuit  please fix it."
great app. works well
. more nicer with the update but i still can't give my customers discounts, i wish it would let me make a negative quantity or rate while making and invoice.
give me a refund. i hate this app it’s trash an i want my money back !!!
super user friendly. this app is ridiculously user friendly a must have for any small business ownerentrepreneur!!
like it so far!. at this point i have only used the free trial version of this app. i like it. i do wish that it was linkable to my bank account or at least had a register like the software version i have used in the past but i am still going to buy the full version.
ios 13 crashing. app crashing after password screen , ios 13 is not compatible with this app at present , considering the amount my company pays for quickbooks i’m disappointed to say the least .
love it!. use it everyday. thank you qbo for making me more productive
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
love the desktop version. the app needs work.. limited functionality. i can't even update the credit card i use to pay quickbooks in the app. tough to send invoices to clients
. works great but would like the inventory to link with square to make it even better.
quickbooks. quickbooks on my cell phone keeps me in touch with our office 247. once data is entered by our staff it is immediately updated to my cell phone as well as other devices. for the times our staff had a question regarding entries, the help line for quickbooks was always answered by a person who took a personal interest in our problems and they always found a solution. dorothy apartment rentals
. this app really is useless. i'm having to manually input all of my banking transactions because it never feeds in the real time info as it should. the layout is counter intuitive and frustrating to use. it's like they've made the app but never done any testing or had any feedback on how they can improve it and make it user friendly. my books are an incoherent mess at the moment, this app is supposed to make things easier but it's awful.
awesome but missing bank account integration. very nice to have the books on mobile wherever i go. make invoices, record payments, add customers and service on the fly is very cool. i would like to see the bank account integration like mint does.
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
great app for business. love this app. great for my work as i'm mobile 90% of the time. certain features that i can't access on the app easily than on the desktop.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
useless for sure. qbo is useless. can’t login with google account. forces me to create a newseparate password. can’t really access qbo via a browser on ipad. overall terrible experience. i’m sure it’s equally apple and qbo fault.
mr smith. electrical contractor. early days yet but feels great especially linking bank to invoices and been able to see exactly what is going on in my business. so far a big thumbs up .
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
useless. my boss uses qb to track my hours. as far as i can tell, i can't make those changes on this app. that makes this app totally useless to me.
. very easy to use this program and sell explanatory. makes everything simple and painless.
. you should make the interface exactly the same as the desktop version. we don't mind paying more for online, knowing that we constantly get updates, and logon capabilityfrom any computer and can have the online backups. but having the desktop vs online being totally different and opposite from eachother is annoying. i will give 5 stars when this changes.
owner light it up. cannot login iphone 6s qb update will not download properly can't get into customer information what the cuss😡😡
. great for my needs to do estimates and invoices in the field.
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
. words cannot express how unfriendly this platform and interface is. both on app and desktop. nothing is plain and simple, switching back to invoice2go as i've been trying to create an estimate for over 6 hrs here and it takes me 5 mins on invoice2go
excellent app. superb app living my life by it now couldn't recommend enough
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
. the app always crashes on me, and now i can't even get it to open.
. easy to use accounting software
quickbook. on trial will notify later
buggy. app has been very buggy. for a few months i lost the ability to add expenses and not every time i click on home the app closes. using brand new iphone 7.
bo. very happy with qbo
doesn't have a bank option. they could do much better though it's good
phoned in. this could be such a cool extension, but like a lot of qb online, it feels a bit phoned in.  expenses show without account coding  what's the point?  report viewing is limited  dashboard is not customizable
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
useless!. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. mobile apps for ios and android sucks big time!
. luv how easy and convenient thus app is!
liked it until it stopped working.... it suddenly no longer connects. called quickbooks and they said they don't support the mobile app .... update..contacted developer listed in some of reviews and he got it working...
crashes. a lot.. new upgrade crashes. a lot. allowed me on just long enough to click 'leave a review'. then crashed. again.
. great app
finally becoming useful.. new banking update is great, now just get it to work. very buggy and extremely laggy. you hit an item, then do it again because nothing happens, but it switches to the next screen and you end up clicking something you didn't want to. very frustrating. fix this and 5 stars. on galaxy tab s 10.5 running lolipop 5.0.2
signature doesn't work with ios 9. my signature for my invoices that i need to get paid on no longer works with ios 9. still no update!
time saver, makes everything simple. thus app saves time and allows for doing simple tasks on the go making my church more accurate and efficient
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
. two favtor identification doesn't work, i can't login first time
. very nice. easy to manage your business on the go.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
useless for mobile access. doesn't have any of the features you would expect from a mobile app. if you want to do anything other than create a invoice or view transactions you put in from your desktop, its a waste of time. no balances, no accounts, nothing useful at all.
. excelente app para llevar las finanzas del negocio.
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
app crashes. ever since update cannot open app. need to fix immediately.
"great app!. this is a really good app for ""handling your business"" from anywhere."
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
crashes after i hit “invoices”. love the app when it works please let me know what the fix is
saves me 250month on payroll.. i can now run my corporation from my tablet, without an accountant. invoice on job site while on the clock instead of for free at home away from kids. also it’s 250 bucks a month cheaper for qb to do my payroll compared to my accountant to do quarterly sales tax reporting and weekly payroll for 1 5 employees...
. don't waste your time with other apps
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
. love this app. life has gotten so much more organized and business transactions so much easier
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
what the crap?. great, now i won't be able to use qb on my iphone. guess i'll have to carry my laptop with me everywhere ughhhhhh. is this because i'm on 32bit iphone 5? i refuse to upgrade, please make it work again!!! 😫🐳
easy and super user friendly. first time user of this type of app but it was easy to set up. sent out my first invoice after 1hr already.
not free. wish there was an app like this for free the soon i started free trial next step was if i wanted 3months and pay or have a small discount and still pay :
terrible billing system. i had an email offer for 75% off, tried to get it on my desktop. ended up subscribing for $10mth only to find out it closed my trial account, created a new account, now i have to cancel,subscribe on the ipad for $25mth and my data is not updating now....run away from this fast....
love the app but really want the company overview. would give it 5* if i could see the summary view on the app (similar to the web version). i wish it could do everything that the desktop version could do, but i know that isn't always possible.
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
biggest disappointment. the biggest disappointment is no ability to do purchase orders. when i’m out in the field this is a huge disadvantage and i still have to break out the laptop!
. it's great to send invoices and estimates through email from my phone
crashing after ios 13 update. after ios 13. i can not log into my quickbooks app please fix this asap
". getting this message for the last 3 days on my android. ""there was a problem syncing your data. wait a few minutes and try again"". please fix this edit: i have done all those steps, cleared cache, uninstalled, reinstalled, gave all permissions, even did a full factory reset on the phone and still same issue.."
great for the business owner on the go. i love this app. it allows me to stay in the know with all of my offices finances.
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
mobile app. not happy. i am on the phone with support everyday. won't print on app or on chrome. they don't know what to do. this mobile is worthless to me. i don't have time for this!
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
. i can no longer create or see invoices. my home page is literally blank except for the header and the home menu buttons on the bottom. edit: a solution was found that works for me. i had my account switched to administrative and i'm no longer having issues.
easy to use and keeps me updated. works great on my s4.
easy. it could be a little bit easy to use.... invoices could be customized to add options like hours....
. i'm not sure about the functionality of this app, i was unwilling to continue trying to learn it because of a particularly bad customer service experience. i caught the guy speaking with me in a blatant lie while he was trying to charge me a large amount of money for a problem he couldn't explain.
. lo ove it. load expenses with receipt easily
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
. app isn't working, its getting crashed everytime i try to login
. i basically keep my accouting up to date with this app. there are functions that i still need my pc for, but i can mostly work from the app.
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
i can't look up pertinent information. i can't look up pertinent information on the go while i am meeting with clients, such as a yearly sales history. doesn't do much good for the small business owner. definitely not worth paying so much money for an app that has no functionality in the field.
very easy to use. the app works flawless. being able to sign in with biometrics, take photo of receipts and capture expenses quickly is one of the many great feature.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
what a joke.. can't add notes to customers. buggy! cant print. awful. if you are moving from qb desktop, think again! there's not even an easy way to just view today's business. no reports in app. useless.
easy to use from mobile phone.. i can do everything electronically from mobile device.
. good for applying customer payments when they are received and creating invoices on the go at the time services are provided.
online is horrible.. it is so slow and printing invoices is terrible.
. good apps
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
does not connect to my bank. it connected to my bank (bank united) the first day and has not worked correctly since. i waited on hold for 25min and no help. was told i would receive an email with the solution...no email. not very happy with this product for my first week of using.
easy to use. this app is so quick and easy. my business is on the go all of the time and it makes estimates and invoicing so quick and easy.
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wasted almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
perfect for business on the go!. love that i can do invoices and deposits on the go
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
worst update yet. just deleted. crashed. didn’t update banking. five star to one in a flash.
quickbooks. absolutely great piece of software making my business so much easier to run.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
crashing. updated to ios 13 and now the app keeps crashing after face id, please get this sorted as i can’t run my business
. love to be available to quote, inovice, charge, see my clients, etc. on the go. i just have a few times that wasn't available to log in but overall good app
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
no gst only take !!!!!. why is this an option the the web based but not the app. makes the app useless!!!!!!!!!
. great app
. good app but even just a few days in i can see areas the app needs improvement
quickbooks online accounting software.. this app is not a doubleentry system accounting app, but rather a singleentry bookkeeping in which you only need to log each transaction of income or expense once, in the way quicken and other check writing software programs work,
. easy to use, helpful support team
. great app, though i still need to refer to the desktop version. i am unable to pay employees through the app.
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer service (james refusing a last name or initial from customer care) experience, nothing resolved. no response from error logs. called and even gave control of my computer. never did intuit offer any fix. ongoing issues over 6 months damaging my business.
qb app !!!. love the app ! now with the new update i can log in with touch id :))) how fan, and saving much time.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
. this company is a joke they will not allow hempbased transactions it is preventing my freedom of doing business the fed has mandated banks take money on hemp transactions
. this app makes it easy to take care of about 95% of my business paperwork
not working after ios13 update. updated to apples latest software and this app stopped working
". takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo. unable to sync with my data through app, after 3 days of ""engineers working on it"" (or are they off on the weekend even though your problem started onba friday?)"
so far so good.. love the app. i think it's great any time i can give an estimate, invoice on the road. thanks.
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
. works great!! great app and this helps you lesson the paper work when you get back to the office!
. not a bad app
. this app needs a lot of work.
great app. very convenient
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
. terrible. my bank account will not sync and support refuse to contact me. no transactions show up other than the ones that appeared the first time i downloaded this app. definitely not worth paying for the full version.
like. loving the app!! thank you!!
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
love it but..... seems like new technology with some bugs. also some reciprocity issues with what can be done on app as opposed to phone. i know intuit will refine and well worth it. it is helping me streamline my business networking system!!! love it and look forward to giving a 5 star in couple years!
works great for me!. i love this app! it is nice to be able to create invoices, accept payments, and email invoices on the spot. no more waiting to get back to my computer for data entry.
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
too expensive. i do to want to pay for s subscription , i just want to buy the software
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
will not stop asking for a review. trying to get work done and having to swap back and forth between invoices to get the numbers. made difficult since every time i switch back and forth it asks for me to review the app. well, there you go, 1 star, now let me work.
. love this app
accept button. accept button in banking is not working after update. it is now working :)
quickbooks online accounting software.. this app is not a doubleentry system accounting app, but rather a singleentry bookkeeping in which you only need to log each transaction of income or expense once, in the way quicken and other check writing software programs work,
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
needs updates. same app. works okay but very limited functionality. i figured since online version was updated they would've made changes here too. disappointed at how's long it's taking qb to add accounting functionality to this app.
works good for me. i use quick books to invoice, put in costs, and see roughly how the company is doing financially. easy to use. i read all reviews but some are not liking it while others do. depends on what your using it for. simple and easy that's what i like.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
fix the bugs. this program has many bugs and has connectivity issues. the level of problems with the software is extensive. when the program works correctly it works nicely, but the downtime and glitches greatly degrade the value of this software. i would look for an alternative accounting software package. i do not know anyone who has used this software that would give it a five star rating. in other words, i am very skeptical of the rating shown.
quick books. awsome app. helps when your always on the go.
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
still doesn't work. touch id is still not working. must manually log in to the app each time i use it throughout the day. this is super annoying not to mention time consuming. and time is money!
. best app ever.
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
. it's a good app only thing is sometimes it takes a while to upload but it could be the servers of our phone
application bug. depuis la mise a jours de ios 13 je ne suis plus capable de facturer mes clients . j’espère qu’il va avoir un correctif rapidement merci
doesn’t load (for me). app doesn’t load. tap on the icon and nothing happens. i hope no one else has this problem.
very helpful. wonderful app for on the go needs.
. i love it on my phone . but on my tablet it's slow and says non responsive a lot.
. updated app and its crashed. keeps telling me an update is available, click ok and google play just says open ?? i've literally just bought a subscription and already in the bit of free time i have, i cant even set the app up ??
quickbooks online is great. i love being able to add expenses while on the road. i appreciate the snapshot of where my business is performing. it is great to have a record of what’s going on!
. there was about to be going to be fight if those people dont get away from my accountant.
app is not functional. the app is keep crushing on iphone xs max every time you i want to create new invoice. billion dollar company but cannot fix bugs for a few months already, its embarrassing.
. fabulous for some things great for running my small business. still lots of room for improvement in user friendlyness.
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
. website offers single sign on (sso) with google (sign in with google), but the app expects a username and password. 1 star for overlooking your login system, rendering it completely unusable. oops?
great product!. importing my company file from desktop to qbo was a breeze. love the interface, ease of use, and having access to qb anywhere i go.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
. working hard to get this goning
crashes. won't open. immediately crashes. please fix
. so far it does exactly what i need. just starting out so i'm sure there's plenty to learn yet
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
unable to sync. all i get is errors about syncing. different phones. same problem. works great in my ipad, though!
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
. worst app don't use it. it shows us a very professional look and feel but truth is that it doesn't work in android mobile in india and online version of desktop is totally sucks just because it is very slow. these peoples are making fool of us totally.
. keeping update and on track
. awesome! they still need to improve a bit for the mobile app, as some things are not available on it compared to desktop, but really, i couldn't run my business without quickbooks online
very frustrating. i can't understand why quickbooks refuses to put time tracking in their mobile app. time tracking is weak at best on a desktop but excluding it on mobile makes no sense. as a graphic designer who only sells time, this is close to worthless.
great for small business owners.. awesome app. very convenient and keeps the finances and work orders organized. takes some trial and error but well worth the effort to learn this system. you tube has many instructional videos on how to expedite learning this program. price is reasonable for what you get. don't hesitate to get it. if anything you will learn something.
. user friendly for the droid not so much in the appleipad.
garbage. total trash from the moment of sign up. every single step has been brutal, customer service is non existent and now we have to file dispute through our bank because intuit refuses to cooperate or help with anything. do not use this service. i see them bankrupt within the next few years. customers make the business and they do not care about their customers.
. one of my top goto apps. very useful and a ton of functionality.
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
harry. after upgrading to this version i’m not able to sign on using the mobile app!! major set back when on the road and need to write an invoice!!
bob. great app
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
. something happened past few days keeps crashing, can't open the app.
cpo. love, love, love qb app! i can create invoices & sales receipts on the go & easily  even process credit card payments.
. its easy but the app needs work to be seemless. its not as userfriendly as the desktop version but for what i use it for its alright.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck."
. couldn't run by business without quickbooks online. i love all the integrated features from processing invoices, payroll, and running company financials. i'm liking the new projects feature to examine profit and loss per client per project. i love being a part of priority circle. great value for the cost! i only use the app to review everything at a glance and maybe send invoices. however, it lacks some of the key features from the online version.
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
less than useless. this app does not interface enough of the information from the desktop version. reports are raw numbers and can’t pull up any supporting information. p&l is worthless. the desktop version seems to miss the point of accounting software. ie making all your information easy to input then easy to analyze in reports. this does neither. qbpro etc was far easier to navigate without the slick graphics and colors. aaaaaargh!
excellent product. great for sending estimates and invoices on the go. everything i need to see right at my fingertips and very user friendly.
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
not a good app. too many bugs.
loving it!. very simple and user friendly.
. interface not good compared to the ios version.
can't save an invoice since update.. please fix asap. i use to use this app everyday and now i can't. i love quickbooks but this is bad!!
intelligent design. it's easy to use in any form either on your computer your phone or your mobile tablet, make your job easier
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
disappointed. this app falls short. for one you can't see inventory. can't create po. can't enter a bill against a po. on the online version one cannot enter a partial bill against a po. cannot creat inventory level alarms. come on man!
good app. it works really well to manage a business. a few things could be easiermore intuitive to do, but otherwise a solid app that gets the job done.
little disappointed. qb on the cloud is a great idea and that's why i'm using it. however  wouldn't it be nice if the mobile version dis half what the desktop version does. i use mint for my personal finances and for a free service their app does it all. qb please get some programmers to get this app fully functional! i understand that you may not include every function but expenses??? that's something i expected to be able to do on the road.
waste of time. crashes at least 50% of the time i try to enter an expense while on the go
the best business app ever!. i have been in business for nine years and have been using quickbooks desktop. i am now using the online and it is great so happy that i made the switch. works well with ipad and can do my work right on the site! thanks for the great work! ray's home improvement,llc
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
bank connections never work. bank connections to transactions never work. always down.
. great app
. some features only available through the desktop dashboard ...
. was working great until now... not working on my phone (samsung) with this new update...fix this problem asap... keeps telling me there's a new update i have to download even after i installed it... kicks me out of the app.... i've uninstalled and reinstalled this 4 times already... very disappointing!!!!!
great software. i worked with quickbooks over 5 year and i say 90% of the time works great thats. good for accounting software
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
stuck in the test version. it is all great in theory, yet there are so many glitches. you can’t search by address. it crashes too often. frequent notifications that as an example your deposits weren’t recorded properly do you want to fix them? i shouldn’t need to fix the bank deposits. please fix the bugs! oh and not all of my clients made the transition from the desktop version to the online version. also quickbooks asked me to rate quickbooks online 4 times today alone.
must have. this app is an all around life saver for the on the go business minded person! freedom to work on the go!! absolutely love it!
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
. to slow
. does what it says on the tin
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
sign in error. can't even sign in anymore. tried on multiple devices so i know it's not my phone. please fix
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
jason marquez. this app according to me is best as it's not that complicated and makes my business easy, i've not used any other accounting app so i consider this very easy for any layman who is not very good in accounting. it could have had few more options like individual job closing so to get more accurate and decrease the paper work.
. the app use to work fine but since last month i can not update any invoice in the app. it keep givig me error unable to edit. there was adding this invoice. if this problem continues please call customer care. i have uninstalled and installed saveral time no luck.
. this app works well for small businesses such as mine. convenience on the go.
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
remove the update. the new update is not as functional as the previous version. can't add dollar amounts to the itemized lines anymore? this is mandatory. also we need to be able to mark jobs as accepted on the app, can only do so on the computer. fix it!!
electrician. this is app for business
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
time tracking missing from app. i bill services by the hour and pay extra for the version of quickbooks that supports time tracking. was very disappointed to see this feature completely missing from the app. it’s such an obvious thing to have on the go. now i need to have a totally separate system to track time...
love this app. i have a small bookkeeping business. i love that i can create invoices on the fly usually in less than 5 mins. i can also send the invoice via email as soon as it's saved. very easy to use app if you have quickbooks online
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
current update just crashes. ios10 with the new update on ipad don't work. app opens then immediately closes.
great app. does everything i need it to do. it's fast and laid out well. works great on my samsung note 3. but, don't forget to log out, because i quit the app a day ago, opened it back up again today and it brought me back to where i left off without authenticating me again. glad i didn't lose my phone in a cab! it did not time out and log me off my session. other than that, it's great.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
great app. rich in features and great for staying on top of things whilst on the go
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
keeps crashing. crashes every time i try to delete an item from an invoice i’m creating.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
a complete joke.. the quickbooks ipad app is pointless. the it team who did it either ripped you off, or, you asked for something ridiculously cheap and the it team delivered exactly what you paid for.
love it. well i love this app. i never thought bookkeeping could be this fun and easy. thanks for making the program
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
quickbooks app. i find this app to be the most useful app on my phone to run my yard care business due to be able to add jobs that have been done right on my phone to make it easier to remember what's been done
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
kerry pabian. are you kidding me !!! app is crashing on my ipad since the update ! why do you always do updates right before its time to do billing ?
excellent!!. i find the app useful when i need it most. i enjoy the ability to add an expense at any time. sales receipts are handy. basically everything i really need without requiring a ton of space on my phone.
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
no access to payroll. the app seems to have a menu for everything except payroll. i find these types of oversights all over quickbooks online glaringly obvious features that are incomprehensibly missing and customer service has no answers. don't waste your time.
great tool!. does everything i need for a small business in a convenient format.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
no brainer. there is no other program i would use to run my business. mike dipietro  owner county view contracting
better if had a progress invoice option.. almost complete, but not perfect. still missing progress invoices feature. i’m using 2 apps because i need that.
. this app works sometimes and then not at all. i log in and there is no icons to search customers or anything at all. please help!
easy to use and great for tracking transactions. navigation is straightforward and the software updates quickly
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
missing features. works ok. i think there are a few things that need to be addressed as a whole with quickbooks online, like not being able to print sales receipts if not paid at time of creating invoice, and no way to assess finance charges and late fees. every company needs those two things in my opinion. i can't imagine why they didn't include those features.
ceo. this is a really good app it has help our business in so many ways. it help boost our profit margin we have been able to close deals, and make invoices right on the spot. i recommend this for a lot of different business with quickbooks online.
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
. the app has been having system errors & technical difficulties since january. why? my credit card is still being charged monthly fees and the product that im being charged for isn't working. your system is broken & flawed. please cancel subscription and refundcredit my card back. i would really appreciate it. i'm not interested in speaking to another rep. refund...
. i love this app. i absolutely love it.
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
needs tip option. please add tip option when customer signs credit card transaction like in go payment
great app. quickbooks online works really well, fits my needs as an independent consultant.
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right. update 020219; still has constant logout problems after all these years. would give 0 stars if i could.
last version have a lot of issues. since i got the last update, the app crashes a lot and its very slow!!
owner. quickbooks has !ade it simple to take care of my business. thank you
. good app need less pricing for subscription
. was wary, but the convenience is worth a lot until the latest update. now i cant sign on. been a week since they told me there was an issue. still not resolved. spent several hours on hold listing to garbled elevator music that can not be turned down. customer support blows.
so useful.... i don't really use it like it's designed. i have 50 company trucks & 5 semi trucks to keep track of at our repair shop. this allows me to document everything. each vehicle as a customer with year & type always easy to find. each invoice acts as a repair, allows me to document every detail and track costs. luv this app! well worth the subscription fee.
. you don't need to understand double dutch accounting to use it.
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
simple and easy.. great program, easily accessible. this program does seem a touch too simplified, and an enterprise version that runs and feels like this would be great.
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
no recurring transactions. why the hell would you make an app if it can't do any thing but read. i want to edit recurring transactions; edit and send invoices; and see every report. this is absolutely stupid, just sign in from a browser.
easy for newbie. started out with the desktop version of qb and migrated to the qbo platform. so much better for me and easy to use now. i can send a quote from my phone and then invoice once the job is complete which for a lazy guy like me keeps me on tasks done billing times quicker. highly recommended
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
not useful at all. this was a waste of time. i need to be able to reconcile and do more than look at my recent transactions. quick books is useless unless you're on a computer.
very good mobile app. i use this on my computer and when i noticed that there was an app for android, i immediately installed it on my tablet and phone. a must have if you have a mobile business or have to give invoices on the go.
. i like the app, but i can't view all of the vendor bills and payments on the mobile app. i've tried multiple android and ios devices and just can't see the vendor bills and payments. i can see them online, but it would be nice to be able to view them in the app as well.
. the only thing it does is say my account doesn't include mobile app use, i try to log in from the browser and it shows the same message....so much for trying to give you money, i'm off to look for something that'll help me keep track of my business and let me log in.
. love it very helpful and easy to use looks very professional for estimates and invoices
ios 13. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please. thank you all fixed now
crash. won't open since last fix. please fix again.
. would be 5☆ if only they'd allow a workorder between estimate & invoice.
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
need to be able to add bills and accept transactions’s that should match to bills. i think the title says it all. qbo is amazing such a great product but the app needs more functionality. mainly the bills, i need to add a bill from my phone and then be able to match multiple bills as one payment to relevant bills on payment. so frustrating having to find a computer to do this.
love!!. the quickbooks app is absolutely perfect! when handling business on the go and clients are making payments, i can easily create an invoice andor sales receipt. makes my job easier. it tracks all of our business expenses, profits and losses. this is great!
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. there was supposed to be a 30day free trial and they charged me anyway this app is not recommended.
a pretty good app. update: they added deposits! it does everything i need now, upgrading to 5 star! all in all, this is a pretty great app. it does just about everything i need it to while on the go, but it is missing one key piece of functionality. it does not allow the recording of deposits and that is really important for me. other than that it functions flawlessly and has never given me any trouble. overall, i love it!
. most of the times search for customers, invoice numbers, amount etc doesn't works. keeps on saying something went wrong!!! please get sortout this issue urgently.
. this mobile app now wont update banking. which is no good for a mobile business without running laptops.
quickbbooks online app. very easy to use and syncs effortlessly with your accounts data held in the cloud. a real time saver!
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
are you kidding me?. do i really have to download my company data every time i write an invoice or add an expense?! i have a feeling you are going to lose a lot of customers if you don't change it back to how it used to work. very dissatisfied with how long it takes to download company data.
my business partner!!!. qb is my real business partner. very easytouse, reliable and an allinone system for my business finances and documentation. the only comment i have is the pricing, it is a bit high monthly premium compared to a few good apps now that are really low priced and even some are free.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
needs work!. not very user friendly... makes me download my companies data every time i login and takes forever and sometimes crashes while downloading it so have to restart the download again. qbo is great but they really need to work on the app cause i could really use it when on the road. but incapable due to its functionality at the moment.
. slow app but super useful
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
. horrible, spent 2 hours trying to cancel subscription. they don't have the cancel button. called them...45 min wait. terrible service.
very easy and great!. i'm not a accountant but i found this app and the software great
nice but buggy. first i'd like to thank you for a great app that makes my business easy on the go! needs some attention but on my s5 it doesn't appear in the multitask list and my friends iphone has the ability to match bank feeds also which is missing on my android?
login error. upgraded to an s7 and cannot login. i need the mobile app for my business!
. this app is perfect for my business. love it!
feedback. the app would be better if you were able to enter bills not just expenses. very annoying to have to also use my desktop computer to finish my book work.
. its not user friendly, and nobody cares about it. they just know how to increase subscribers. not enjoying at all.
love. so helpful first time business owner. learning as i go.. this app. has helped me so much
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
. nice app
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
. incredibly hard to unsubscribe, i have been paying for this app and do not need it after 2 years. i still cannot find the unsubscribe part on google play and have followed the useless instructions to do so. not happy.
. i could not conduct business without qb. perfect fit for a busy company with daily billing. simple ui that allows you to quickly send invoices, follow up on past due, monitor sales and generate reports. we are very pleased with qb.
app doesn’t recognize credentials. this app worked well for me until the most recent update. now i cant login, says can’t find the account with this emailpassword. this is very annoying since i travel frequently without a laptop. now i’ve lost the ability to access my accounts via the app.
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
. very good app
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
dont waste your time. the support on this app is non existent. signing up is a slow impossible process
. love this app, keeps track of all my expenses and payments from clients. easiest way to do estimates and invoices as well.
love it. very simple you use and looks professional, only think i’d say is don’t let your trail run completely out before you buy because it won’t instantly be back up and running takes a few days
. this app constantly signs itself out. it takes forever to load. quickbooks online has been a mistake from the start but i'm vested. its going to be difficult to change but i'm going to find someone else. the iphone app sucks worse.
does it work?. great app. keeps me well ordered and never lets me down
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. not sure why i pay $16 a month for this app when it only works 60% of the time. please get the bugs worked out or i will have find another company to run my business with. cant access my account on tablet, cant save invoice or estimate on s8. please fix.
excellent accounting software. exactly meets my needs as an ecommerce professional. the reports are limited to pl and balance sheet, but that's is the heart of what you need. i've had it over 2 years now and love it.
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
good app. some glitches need to be worked out but very nice app to use and very user friendly.
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
useless after update. quickbooks was wonderful until the most recent update rendered it useless. things won't save. transactions hang up. very frustrating.
. i use this app for 2 separate businesses. is very easy to use and track all of my finances.
pas mal !. application très conviviale — me sauve plusieurs heures de pénible saisie comptable par mois. quelques petites fonctions additionnelles permettraient une utilisation encore plus conviviale, comme le fait de pouvoir par défaut définir des taxes (qui sont, dans 95% des cas toujours la même chose) au lieu de devoir spécifier le tout chaque fois...
ruined. worked great until the latest update. now includes all inactive customers so it makes it impossible to find an active customer.
brilliant app. quickbooks is an amazing app. i'm an electrician with a small business, so i need something quick and easy when i'm in the field. entering expenses and creating invoices is so easy on my tablet andor phone saving me hours per week. great work...i'm very impressed!
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
bank loggin. can not log on and get my bank updates anymore  gives me a error messages all the time  no help from customer service, they refer me to a engineer  has been down now 4days  no help.....ready to cancel my subscription
great for keeping up on the go. love the ease of access to not only my business account, but clients accounts as well. i can log in from anywhere and answer questions for my clients. great tool for a bookkeeping business with clients in qbo!
new update has stopped my app from working!!!. since the update i now can’t accept anything or change anything!!! the only thing i can do it add the expenses!!!! sort it out please!!!!!
. cannot cancel subscription been trying for over 2 hours i will have to go to bank and change all of my account numbers because of this plus redo all of my direct deposits and all of my auto pay bills ..do not fall for this app
user friendly. works great!. great app for running a small business. easy to use for estimates, invoicing, accounts receivable, etc. can't wait to integrate it with our payroll to make billing for labor even easier. highly recommend.
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
great app. accounting on the go!. ahh my favorite part of the day just got a whole lot easier. this app lets you track you individual transactions on the fly. it also lets you categorize and itemize expenses. if you like neat books and your on your phone a lot this app makes things easy. it's free so just try it out.
my company has grown with quickbooks. i logged in my first invoice in quickbooks the summer of 2001 when i started my first business. over the years, i have not used any other software other than.
. s8 plus user. anyone else having issues with pictures getting attached to expenses? getting a error message when trying to save? i've been trying to get it resolved with intuit and no one can help. this is unacceptable.
easy to use. great app. very happy with it
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
what a joke. downloaded this app so i could pay employees and taxes on time without having to be at my computer and i can't do either, i have to be in front of my computer to do both. i don't understand why it's not allowed on mobile app.
. not bad a bit confusing at first
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
great app. i was reluctant to make the switch to online, but now i'm glad i did! app is awesome and quick. great for small businesses.
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
messed it up with update. i don't like that invoices send through intuit, nor that the app no longer integrates with gmail for emailing clients. please get rid of the pretty colors and fix the functionality. this update really makes the app much harder to use.
keeps everything in one place. great app! i keep all my business and personal expenses logged and in place from my phone. i can also track multiple companies. gives me so much piece of mind and way easier for keeping track of taxes and book keeping.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
. they just did a huge update and didn't change any of the items i'm having problems with. the app is useless to me with line items abbreviated. how do i know what i'm entering?
. good app for managing business.
app glitch. other than the recent app glitch all is good.
. worst customer service ever! they blocked my customer payment and i couldn't get any answer after two weeks and nobody is responsible. update: it's been seven days that i sent them an email regarding the issue but still no response! even nobody has an answer to my problem! it's not more than just a show off that they care about their customers! everything is normal with this company unless anything happens, and you need customer service, then you feel what i'm saying!
perfect for a small consulting firm. this app is everything i need for my consulting firm. easy to use and easy to keep track of expenses on the road. invoicing is a breeze. love the data in the cloud. take a pic and throw away those receipts! works flawlessly between my mac, ipad and iphone. no complaints whatsoever.
. this is a great app and has been an invaluable tool for me to manage my business. the only draw back i have found is when i tried to use paypal in conjunction with the app. 1) the cost implications and 2) getting the money to my bank account. this is not a quickbooks issue but it just caused me a headache.
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
. great app but...... love this app. my only request is that they add the ability to do banking like recording deposits.
. a great app. for basic functions, app is good. for full functionality, use a desk top computer for acess for online quickbooks is better to use.
problems with touch id. the touch id feature has a lot problems, doesn't work properly, please fix it
love this app!.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
verging on useless. download it but don’t expect to get much out of it. how a multibillion dollar company can produce a product so lacking in functionality boggles the mind. it’s almost as if intuit is intentionally trying to offend its customers.
good app and makes life easier. it's a easy app to use and simple to navigate.
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
very good application.. i like to have this application for my business. is very help and accurate for my status of my invoices pending of payment and the aging of the customers transactions thank you for mobil quickbooks very grateful.
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
limited.. with over 700,000 businesses using your software worldwide, i can't fathom how you could possibly find an excuse to release such featurepoor software! 1.) account management is barely sufficient, and doesn't support creating nested accounts; 2.) there's no way to edit photos of receipts that you take with your camera from the expense entry dialog; 3.) no spanish language support; 4.) no item memory, so i have to manually select the account again every time i enter a split; 5.) no offline support. &gt;:(
works great but there are a few quirks. works really well but an offline option could really help the app work better. currently, the system could not generate the entries with no internet connection. it would be nice to be able to work offline first then reconnect when a sync is needed.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
refresh invoice?!?. trying to add new items to existing invoice with partial payment received and won't let me save changes! refresh invoice means what, exactly? without this function why do i need my subscription? made office work harder as now must go submit through pc and pray that works...
great app. this app has helped me out tremendously. i have a bad habit of loosing paperwork in this cut that out 100%
worth it could be improved. works well, my only complaint is different functions are available or not available depending on how you access quickbooks. can be a little frustrating when i need to send an account statement and have to do it from a pc as that option seems to be absent on iphone and ipad access. better than my other invoice options by far worth using for sure.
glitches. app has lots of glitches. try to create an invoice and it was not working. quickbooks has been awesome up to this point. i run my whole business through quickbooks in this new update has been a disappointment. should've left it alone!
new to business and this is great. i have now completed my second year running my business and without a doubt i owe some of my success to quickbooks as i don't have an admin person it helps me manage things also creates the professional image i need. i prefer using the web platform but when i am on the go and making small purchases for clients i love to add the expenses to their invoice on my phone before i forget!
. not fully fledged it's great but doesn't do much nor the basic things i would want in an app.. basic reporting, easy input of invoice (picture maybe ocr), accepting account transactions.
emailing. emailing invoices is not operating today!
pretty amazing. i hate accounting, but i have to say that this is the best yet, by a lot. once you're setup if you log every purchase and deposit on your phone, it does itself. quickbooks pulls up your checking account, matches your entries to the banks and you're done. i'm really glad i signed up for the online version. it rocks
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
. qbo much improved over original launch product, and tge app has brought qbo up.to date. i love the ability to upload receipts tgat immediately sync with qbo and match to vendorsexpenses. qbos ability to have multiple ysrs working simultaneously is huge . realtime collaboration with my bookkeeper and accountant is now easy. no more thirdparty file sharing apps and concerns about version control. with the app i can now monitor financials on the fly. highly recommend!
pool guy. quickbooks forced me to update from our quickbooks mobile windows invoicing system to quickbooks mobile with only five days notice. this was very poorly planned by quickbooks and put us in a bind. however the new quickbooks mobile online system is truly fantastic and offers many more powerful features and ease of accessibility. recommendation: this app needs the ability to create a monthly statement that i can email from my phone to my customers. currently i can only do this from a laptop.
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
. my subscription was canceled and i have not been able to restore it.
please repair!. its a excelent, but in 1 mounth are problem to connect in sometimes!! i have problem to connect to app in my iphone and a need for my business, that is terrible problem.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time. it works great with my small business to easily access invoices as well as the payment logs.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
crap now. sux after update
great app! very easy to understand and use!. great app! very easy to understand and use! david lorea farrington
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
. easy to use. great app. just wish it was a little cheaper. thanks
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
. doesn't allow customers to have multiple properties addresses
nice to use. app puts info at fingertips. run reports, check balances and review transactions easily.
. i am doing my husband's billing for his company, since it was taking so much of his time. since this not my 'real' job, this app makes it easy do billing and record payments from any device at any time. thank you!
ouch. does not have my bank listed. does me no good. been paying for 1 year now. and i see no where how to stop subscribing. cost me over $10.00 a month.
nightmare to dream app. might help save a lot of angst between my wife and i when it comes to invoicing, collecting, and tracking. looks very promising, invoiced thousands with it last night with relative ease on two macs, two samsung smartphones, and an asus laptop. updated fine across all devices. am curious about mileage tracking and auto populating from my google calendar.
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
quickbooks  issues and problems. i thought this may be reputable like the brand. boy am i surprised. can't even call to get proper support. they think that a 48 hours turnaround on a request is acceptable these days...for your important accounting software. give others a look first, this online version is lacking what the desktop has.
great. had some problems at first, but i was helped promptly and the problem was fixed immediately. great support team.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
. you want a app to work this one does it works as it should
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
"dissapointed. i was hoping for more. if the app has issues logging into a bank account, ect. it gives you an error code that you have to log onto there website to walk you through what it ""might"" be, then you have to go back and forth, try different things to fix it....ahhhh. you get my point😒"
. this is a good app for keeping track
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
. limited functionality compared to the app that is made for the iphone
. love it very helpful and easy to use looks very professional for estimates and invoices
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
experience getting worse. entering transaction requires way too many taps. it isn’t location aware to suggest transactions you just always search. recent updates have some bug that makes the app download the data file with almost every login and login often you must. usually twice a week it loses my password. i have enjoyed quickbooks online but this app experience may have me evaluating competitors in december.
great functionality on finger tips. very handy app. looking for the timesheet option to be added as well.
. i'm an owner operator in the trucking industry n i'm new at this so i have one question.witch qb is better for wat i do qb accounting:invoicing n expenses or qb self employed:mileage tracker n taxes
. this has to be the worst app going zero customer support constantly lied too been trying for 3 weeks to send an invoice and they don't care as long as you keep paying absolute rip off...not far from being a scam spoke to managers about problems and still nothing done do don't waste your time or money...try any other program or stick to pen and paper far better and less stressful
owner. there are a few problems that i find and maybe it me. the more i use it the more i like it
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
". very disappointed considering i do use the online quickbooks on a daily basis. i installed the app. signed in. then came up with an error message. tried to log in again and it keeps coming up with ""signing in..."" but nothing is happening. 10 minutes later, app uninstalled!!!"
can invoice from anywhere. i can start invoices at the gym and finish them at the office ! no longer putting things off and forgetting about them we love it!
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
unhappy. bad program for ipad and android phone. bad customer service. very dissatisfied.
great for handyman businesses. qb is great for me! i run a handyman business and my office is at my clients place or in my truck. i can sent estimatesinvoices while i am on site. it so nice because i use my tablet or phone when i’m on the road and when i’m home i can use qb on my computer and everything is automatically updated
make thing simple. we work away from the office all the time. q on the smart phone makes that easy. and it has never locked any of phones up. it work great.
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
. great app and very simple to use.
satvinder. tear 2 help desk software support
the software has been a nightmare recently using iphone and ipad keeps saying i haven't paid. i've written to emails and had absolutely no response to either no refunds either because i can't get the software to work unless i'm in mice studios on my laptop which is being fixed currently i won't be with me for the next four weeks so how i'm supposed to do any invoicing i have no idea this is absolutely ridiculous use sage...
. thanks i love this app i'm able to carry my work with me everywhere thanks qb
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
not that great. was pretty good before the last update. new update is terrible, would be happy to speak with the suits upstairs. unable to fix this. makes it very frustrating. please fix this, straight away.
. takes a lot of youtube to learn how to use the app but i love it!
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
unable to sign in.... same issue many users are having with the latest update, i can no longer sign into my account with the app.
amazing app. amazing app it's really easy to use.
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
all but useless. response time simply toooooo slow. customer would have to wait 5 mins for data.
best accounting app. easy to understand & learn
cis transactions. cannot carry out cis transactions in the app for some reason, you have to use the web version. this is really annoying and somewhat inconvenient. other than that, a great app....
recurring payments.. i really wish i could set up recurring payments from the app and also delete invoices
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
keep crush !. my iphone version is ios11.2.1. i can’t open this app. keep crushing. please fix asap.
roland shaw. far from a sorted system so for now not very happy
great app. easy to use and very helpful
good but few bugs. i can see some of the expenses and bills of some suppliers but not all. i would think that if it syncs it should sync for all no?
could be better. still no auto save. it’s 2018 folks, time to wake up. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
. great app & software. very helpful. would be nice to be able to keyword search within all estimatesinvoices.
. good app but even just a few days in i can see areas the app needs improvement
never ending price increases. standard tech bait and switch. used it for a number of years but the price just went up to far. they get you with a low initial rate and hook you once all you data is with them.
good app. good app, lacking functionality but this will improve in time.
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
. i've been using quickbooks for a few years. it's been great. but lately i haven't been able to access old invoices or quotes. very inconvenient for past work that we've done. now i'm having a huge issue with latest data not syncing to my device and can't even get into my account. things should be getting better not worse. i've consulted with customer service which hasn't helped either.
"""great for working on the go"". perfect way to send estimate and generate orders. obtaining signature on phone great for pod, just like ups. it's worth the $10 a month. thanks quick books!!!"
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
. i really like this app just hate just like anything the rate keep going up but ol well i need it!
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
needs improvement. supplier side is useless, plz improve, thanks
"great app!. easy to use and good customer service. i used the ""chat online"" service. very helpful and especially like that i can email a copy of the chat conversation to myself."
. user friendly for the droid not so much in the appleipad.
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
. great app. makes quoting and billing a breeze.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
disappointing absences. so disappointing that i cannot see qty on hand on the app. also, limited reporting on app!
fantastic. this program is fantastic! i use it to run my wife’s business and our clients loves it
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
beware price increases.. i love the functionality, but i've had two price increases since becoming a subscriber to the online service. the entire point of a subscription model is so that the company has a sustained income in order to continue developing and my costs stay fixed every month. this isn't acceptable so i'll be looking for other solutions soon.
. amazing. processing time for invoices is very fast
a handy little companion but it wont replace the website. a number of features from the web portal are missing such as matching bank transactions but its ok to use simply to check your chart of accounts and to record expenses.
app is changed for the worse. i am not sure when this happened, but the app is now useless and does not have the functionality it used to have. i now need to do everything on computer. not good.
great for business. it's great that you can send invoices from phone. it would be even greater if it had a deposit feature. that way when you're at the bank you can just look on the app and see and check off your deposits from undeposited funds.
just too expensive.... i run a small business and can't afford the monthly dues of qbo. hoping they come up with a more competitive product at some point...
simple things just don’t work in this app.. now i can’t copy my password from my password safe into the quickbooks login. this means i will have to use a simple easy to use and less secure password. also, there is no way to enter check numbers into the bank transactions. this works fine on a mac and online but not in the ipad app. these simple problems make the ipad app almost useless.
no more receipts in my pocket. shoot the receipt and record the transaction, now even more quickly with touchid
. good app, but it is expensive....
useless. i am an avid qbo for ie customer for many years, but this ipad app is useless. can't do anything with it, and can not see banking info, the most important thing in accounting! if you want to view customervendor names that can be done, but you can't work in this app. view only.
. such an amazing app for storing all your business expenses.it's very convenient and easy to use.those who have difficulty in managing their business transactions should definitely go for this app.
still needs delayed charges. if you can add delayed charges to the available transactions, it will be perfect.
good, not great.. quickbooks online can do everything i need it to do. but i have trouble getting invoices, quotes and expenses saved to the cloud. it's annoying and aggravating to be waiting for things to upload. if the cloud sync thing worked seamlessly, then it's a 55 for sure.
cool app. really great app. gives access to everything you'd want to get to from your phone.
. preparing to start a business and this software was rated the best. i took a 5 day class for 4hours. i was so happy that i downloaded this app and used in class too.
handy for sole trader. some things aren’t available on the app, like editing your invoices.
excellent software. best products, excellent customer service, can't imagine how i would manage without it. thanks quickbooks!!!
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
not working properly after update #2. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. my books don't match from my phone to my computer. the pin still doesn't work, every time i edited an invoice it magically created a copy of an invoice that showed up 2 days later. now i have a ton of clean up to do in my books. it's time for me to find new accounting software.
great ui. wonderful companion to the browser based qboonline for reference on the move.
. really nice accounting app. loads of integrations via desktop browser. even a desk top app that i suspect is node based. the best feature which is lacking in other accounting apps is transaction memos. that £200 i lent my mate in july is useful info when you look back a year later.
. crashed out. would not set even up account. lame. uninstalled.
love it!!. my only reservation to giving it a five star is that i can't go between invoice formats on my mobile device. i would also say to the developers, keep working with it. it keeps getting better. thanks
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
don’t update. ever since last update it crashes when i try to run a credit card. was talking with customer support for an hour and all she could say is i understand. when i asked to speak to a manager the line was disconnected
the best invoice app. very simple to use and helps a lot! i recomend
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. so far total garbage app. i connected my app to my qb online account. i opened the app. snapped 3 receipts. camera worked well isolating the receipts. after that totally useless. despite a new tab appearing in my banking section online i cannot find the receipt copies in either the app or online. i really needed one to return a product. qb cs of no help.
great tool for simple bookkeeping. my business is only income and expenses and cash basis, no inventory, so this tool is great and easy. i do all my book keeping from my phone.
. pretty good app. lots of features like asset register need to be accessed through desktop. ocr not available for receipts on this version
unclear and sneaky. nowhere in the app did it say that i needed a different product if i’m selfemployed. so i signed up and paid for my first month without knowing that it wasn’t the right one. i’ve paid double the amount i needed to and not even used it and never will use it. a waste of money. not happy at all.
. the quickbooks app has been a life saver! very easy to use and helps when i need to do estimates or invoices on the go.
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
amazing. very powerful program.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
needs lots of work. very hard to use app. many options are hidden or unavailable so you are stuck and wind up doing the work through a browser instead
go payment and expenses. needs expense entry and to integrate with go payment to get 5 stars. 61014  5 stars. thank you. great features. great app.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
. not supported android mobile in india. software means that either o mobile or computer should work equally both places, but your software has only web version then how to use your software.
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
app barely compatible with computer. the the features on the app and computer barely cross over and i can never find customers on the app that i have on my computer so i have to jump back and forth to make things work.
. makes things sooo much easier and frees up time! no more sitting in front of a computer all day a couple times a month doing data entrybook keeping. very user friendly app and program. only thing i have to log on to do is mark and sort deposits on the sales end.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
. not easy to work with and cost. can't recommend.
excellent. great mobile app from intuit, quickbooks online is great and although a bit different from the desktop version it has improved the way i work with my clients
business management made easy.... quickbooks has taken the pain and most of the time out of bookkeeping for my photography business. it lets me spend my time working with customers and get invoices out promptly to get paid!
. not good at updating itself
intuitive. great app! love it!
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
. super slow load time and sms verification not working. it's a joke.
all of my clients love it!. the ease of use is fantastic. i love that i can quickly load multiple accounts. the qbo app makes my job so much easier because my clients love tracking expenses and sending invoices on the go!
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
handy app. useful when adding info onsite. can be a little confusing to tell if the data you are working on is current, or needs refreshing.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
. worked ok for a couple if weeks but home screen no longer visible on galaxy s10
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, doesn't handle banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
poor. the program is slow and it is hard to find what you want. does not compare to their desktop version.
decent. not bad not bad at all
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
cost. does this app cost anything, i am a small business, i haven’t made a profit yet, and don’t have much money, any help?
eli's green cleaning. great app extremely convenient for everything that i need to do for my business
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
not good. it doesn't give access to all qb online features. i have to sign in online anyway. lots of error messages.
. haven't dug deep into the options available, but thus far my experience has been very good.
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
. errors on free trail. can generate a invoice or put the company name on. i try my phone, tablet and laptop. keep on saying the same thing. error on tax .........
. i like most everything about it except for not being able to save my invoices where and with what name i want
. i've just started using qb and i'm very impressed. i was using xero and truelly,it has been horrendous. qb all the way. so user friendly.
. the worst app in the entire google play store its useless dosent work correctly impossible to navigate the person who made it ought to be fired its a disgrace
. love to be available to quote, inovice, charge, see my clients, etc. on the go. i just have a few times that wasn't available to log in but overall good app
. my subscription was canceled and i have not been able to restore it.
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎"
. very easy and convenient!
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
. xcelent.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
they screwed up logging in with pin. i used to have to type my full password in only every few days. now it's several times a day. why even have the option to use a pin if it only works a couple times. i contacted them through the app but got no response.
. we do all of our estimates and invoices through qb. we love it
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
multitasking?. would be nice if app supported multitasking.
fantastic app. love that you can attach photos on the fly!
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
crashing non stop. keeps crashing when trying to sign in, couldn't even use trial, useless crap, trial expired, done the usual uninstallreinstall, still didn't work
cool...fun and smart. nothing but good to say about this app in my opinon
. easy to use. the only reason i did give it five stars was because you can't add custom fields to the customer data.
horrible. please update this app so it stops crashing during every use!!! also, critical updates every time you try and do anything???? getting old and frustrating. fix it!!!!! also, why when you update a transaction, it saves it from before the update, so you are doing the work twice???
handy. easy to use and makes logging expenses a breeze
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
easy to use. love this app, easy to use.
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
. the app offers no simple means to cancel your account should you wish to do so. their help desk also seems eager to push you off on to other, equally unhelpful venues. they also informed me that once i manage to cancel my account (if even possible) they will continue to hold on to my personal information, defeating the point of cancelling an account.
. great extension to the desktop version. this app is most helpful on an onthego situation. reduced bookkeeping cost.
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
. brilliant software
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
just started with it.. can i attach a file to an invoice that i create with the app? i don’t see the option and we need to be able to do this or this appprogram won’t work for us.
very good. very good and easy app.
. i dont have a comment, but i do have a question. is this app beneficial to a incorporated contracting company, or is it more so set up for a cash and carry business structure.
. the service online is terrific. the app errors anytime i try to update from my smartphone for over a month now. support is unresponsive via email.
. good but receipt scanning needs to be like the self employed app, if possible. do that and 5 stars for def
just too expensive.... i run a small business and can't afford the monthly dues of qbo. hoping they come up with a more competitive product at some point...
not so great. appears so different on mobile then desktop. allot of functions not available in the app. can’t really use it on the go. for example cannot fill the site details on app as it dose not appear.
good apps. its a excelent, but in 1 mounth are problem to connect in sometimes!! for all is good!
system modify for the better. great system except when you send an invoice out there is no way to mark it that it has been sent out . so you constantly have to keep a note book with all the customers and what is going on with each individual invoice.
lacks features that is available online. i couldn't even adjust my personal profile. after customer service told me to get online and do it they still couldn't get me in it. they told me to request a refund on here. i emailed you for the refund. please refund
efficient. good to have access on any device. does a great job but a little more customisation for service industry would be good. overall very efficient bookkeeping solution.
limited compared to quickbooks desktop. quickbooks online is just ok. it has some limits that did not exist in the desktop version. a lot of them have to do with assisted payroll. for example, the app does not tell you each pay period how much of a contribution to pay towards simple ira's and give you a chance to indicate whether they were paid. it just assumes it was done without giving you any notice. other limitations make it just ok.
purchased but won’t work.. i can not contact customer service to save my life!! i purchased this after my trial but it won’t acknowledge that i have. very upset and frustrated!!!
amazing. it is a great app. so powerful i can do my full estimate and invoice and the best feature entering in my receipts for expenses and it's so easy!
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
great app!¡. im always on the go and this app is great when invoiceestimate has to be sent immediately or when there is no computer access¡¡ highly recommended for biz on the go!!
no good color and texture of sreen. it hard to seen no c olor in photos
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
. i am sara. i am new to social media. i found it to be useful aka practical here.
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
. exceptional customer service all selfexplanatory perfect for my small business
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
. i can't use this app at all because it will not sync to my bank. not the app or any of the services offered. i'm trying to cancel all of my subscriptions and services and it seems impossible to do. directions for canceling do not work. i have yet to see any cancellation choices in any drop down menus. i'm paying for services that i can not use and unable to cancel which is a scam.
messrs. great app, makes life for an accountant easy
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
. so watered down it's basically useless. better off waiting until you get to a computer if you're actually trying to accomplish anything.
great app. extremely easy to use and has made doing my accounts a much easier and enjoyable experience! would highly recommend!
nice but buggy. first i'd like to thank you for a great app that makes my business easy on the go! needs some attention but on my s5 it doesn't appear in the multitask list and my friends iphone has the ability to match bank feeds also which is missing on my android?
. no support for india, go to hell!!
decent app missing features. overall the app works good. i wish it had some of the website features such as the ability to post deposits considering depositing money is a mobile activity.
. with the newest update cannot reliably attach receipts! although a long time user, will be unsubscribing soon if not corrected.
doesn’t work with ios13. just updated ios 13 app doesn’t load. even after deleting and readding.
sweet baby jesus this is exactly what i need. it has never been so easy to stay so financially organized. as someone who os chronically disorganized this app is a blessing. definitely worth the price when you need to record your expenses and write receipts, invoices and all sorts of other business related things to be professional.
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
. i cancelled my subscription over a year ago only to find out they has still been charging my account every month!
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
glitches. app has lots of glitches. try to create an invoice and it was not working. quickbooks has been awesome up to this point. i run my whole business through quickbooks in this new update has been a disappointment. should've left it alone!
great app, very useful and always improving!. this app is the greatest tool in our businesses ability to streamline work, easy to use.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
bills for suppliers cannot be viewed. as the title suggests. this is a big negative point for me.
amazing. great app. changed my life and vastly helped with my business. very smart and useful program. highly recommend!
found a problem. when creating an invoice adding parts even if you search when you go back to it to add another part it’s still in that same form from before and if you cancel nothing happens you would have to search for whatever else you want by name, you can’t just scroll please fix
. i don't seem to be able to login with google. is this supported on the mobile app (android), like it is supported on the website?
good, but want more. ability to clear bank accounts and update feeds would be great, like the xero app
. contractor version of the app
update google signin never works. update: quickbooks support contacted me. i uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it works now.  i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google signin. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
love it!. quite user friendly. i love it. if i had formal training i think i'd be a pro with it!
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
. this is no longer working at all for me. i can't even log in. it was working fine until this weekend. something has changed. intuit need to fix this.
. at some point the app stopped attaching photo receipts to my expenses. now i've lost several months worth of receipts.
good app. overall this is a good app, would be nice to have more features such as gp% per job or integration with credit card payment
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
no support for canadian tax system. intuit's quickbooks for web does not support the canadian tax system. not sure why this app is appearing in the canadian app store.
very easy and convenient!. i love having the mobile app. it makes it easy to enter transactions on the spot without having to stop and open up my computer to login.
love it but..... seems like new technology with some bugs. also some reciprocity issues with what can be done on app as opposed to phone. i know intuit will refine and well worth it. it is helping me streamline my business networking system!!! love it and look forward to giving a 5 star in couple years!
expenses tab stopped working. please fix the expenses tab. it's greyed out on this version and i can't use it.
. very easy app to use, helps keep all my expenses organized.
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
online is horrible.. it is so slow and printing invoices is terrible.
. great app! easy to use. well organized. perfect for small business.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
. won't let me add bank accounts. app is useless.
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
. 2 weeks into using this app it has made itself unusable, going back to paper invoices thanks quickbooks!
great app to run my business. easy invoicing have app set up and operating in less then 30 min
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
app has low functionality. quickbook rocks but the app has very limited functionality leaving it as something not helpful to review reports
excellent and easy to use. fantastic app would recommend it to anyone that asks
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
. i should have made a better effort organizing my information before i put into quickbooks program is great! just garbage in garbage out.
very good for business!. quickbooks is a great app for managing the everyday finances for my business that i just start. no matter what is a small business, this is the right one.
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
can’t use it in iphone or ipad! keep getting error.. i keep getting an error! queryprocessingerror:null
happy with the app. i’ve used for quickbooks and the app for a year now and it has really helped my business and is a easy way to keep track of customers and quotes
need o and p. really need to add a way for someone to mark up of the invoice and show change orders to estimates.
no purchase order function!?. had to edit comment because the replier only read the title and not the content. cannot place pos with vendors. can only add expenses but can't place pos with vendors...
. good app very good addition to qb online really convenient. no issues or problems so far and seems quite secure. simple to use
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
update crashed. i have all of my quickbooks point of sale ipads that cannot open the app since the update! we have all had to resort to computers and phones to run our business! you may want to consider this before you join up with quickbooks! they are notorious for problems relating to their quickbooks online.
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
. great with some improvements would be nice if invoice generated from app had the pay online link like the invoices i send from computer. is there a setting that i need to change to activate this feature?
. the app needs to specify that it is for the online version only. in starting that it works with all intuit products, i expect just that, all versions of quickbooks.
. really easy to use
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
. app freezes and crashes several times a day. the photo receipt scan feature is probably the biggest culprit. even simple things like updating my business contact information yields an error message which is usually followed by a crash. the mac version of qbo isn't any better. similar issues there. very clunky, buggy applications. too much time spent troubleshooting. time for an alternative.
excellent. really good app. carry your whole business in your pocket.
finally becoming useful.. new banking update is great, now just get it to work. very buggy and extremely laggy. you hit an item, then do it again because nothing happens, but it switches to the next screen and you end up clicking something you didn't want to. very frustrating. fix this and 5 stars. on galaxy tab s 10.5 running lolipop 5.0.2
. the online version aaks you to download the app, which doesnt do half the stuff the online version can do. 🤷
quickbooks app. organization, taxes and everything! quickbooks really helps you run a full business.
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
doesn’t seem to work very well. every time i open the app it says some of my qb data couldn’t be loaded and that i should pull down on the screen to refresh. i try refreshing but the message never goes away and i never get that data...
great app love it !!!. makes my work so much easier
business management made easy.... quickbooks has taken the pain and most of the time out of bookkeeping for my photography business. it lets me spend my time working with customers and get invoices out promptly to get paid!
not able to login. never download this app. i have reported this error many times to the quickbooks support team. till this date they haven't even just looked into this issue.
awesome product. general contractor have tried a lot of different apps and have spent a few hundred bucks...this one by far is the best for invoicing and providing estimates. very streamlined and quick to learn..
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
nothing adds up. when you run a business you want your numbers correct. i don't have time to troubleshoot why your software can't add a simple paypal balance and leaves transactions out. your fired!
perfect. changed over from using sage about 6months ago and have never looked back, excellent software, the app makes it completely agile and useable on the move.
can’t record invoice payments. i upgraded my phone from an iphone 8 plus to an xr running ios 13. i installed the quickbooks app from the apple store. when i try to record invoice payments, i get the following error: qbm.error.00001160.reason.iphone i have not found any articles about this error online.
broken for ios 13 please update. when you jack up the price 25% i expect more
. great app to managing income and expenses
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
. can't down load the app
. quick like the name suggests. very easy and straightforward app. makes completing my invoices and submitting easy
. working hard to get this goning
horrible. it’s true the only reason i will install qb on my phone is to record expense on the fly,and it doesn’t do it
amazing. at last i can invoice on the move and do the rest of my book keeping as i go. great app and easy to use.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
. hasn't worked on my android phone for over a week. says error syncing data and rarely loads historical info. lost ability to photo invoices and seems to have lost tax settings as always wants to create them despite setting this up and using for 7 months now. support says they are aware and working in it for a week now
great app but could use some improvement.. this is a great application to have access to while on the go. if it would update the profits and losses more accurately than i believe this would be well worth 5 stars. overall a great app.
. if i can navigate this app, anyone can! super easy and really professional. i'm loving it! i love the different reports as well. thank you!
. always displays an error when trying to connect to bank for transactions
. best ever tried myob and this much better. less actual typing to get things done. great to navigate
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
". update 101619: still useless as constant login issues persist, why use the app if i constantly have to uninstallreinstall + clear cachedata. constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
. it's a great app for any business. easy to use and your data could be accessed any where you are.
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
. i can see my subscription for months. click to manage subscription and i am told i have none. haven't used thus app but have been paying for months. help
salvage yard and towing co. we have used quickbooks for so long i remember uploading the first version into my computer with a stack of 5 12 inch floppy discs. this mobile version is the best. i'm able to see what the days totals are as well as adding sales with my iphone or ipad.
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
don’t ever sign up for subscription services. i signed up for this and forgot my login credentials. it was a pain to figure out how to cancel it.
linking bank to quickbooks. still trying to link usaa with quickbooks. i think it's on the bank's end. until we get this issue resolved it's four stars.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
update won't open. i love quickbooks. as a small business owner, it is invaluable. however, this update will not open on my iphone (ios 9.3.5). i have tried restarting my phone and reinstalling this app. and it still won't open. this is a significant problem for me. hopefully it is sorted out soon.
quickbooks. great accounting app, been using quickbooks for years now and it keeps getting better. i would be lost without it. so easy to use with great tutorials. i'd highly recommend.
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
". i laughed at one of the quickbooks employees response to the app being slow... they said their goal is to make it as convenient as the qbo app... lol lol bad comparison. online version is tragically slow, short of (what should be) obvious capabilities, even some quickbooks older versions have had for years. and, when challenged, their tech support essentially says ""we are quickbooks if you don't do it our way or using our workaround then you must be doing it wrong"""
. i use it à l ot for my activity, great, useful, efficient and greatly appreciated
timed out....... worked for 2 hours on typing big estimate, session timed out, lost everything, how is this able to happen? we send people to the moon in 1969 yet we can’t safeguardprevent this app from wasting hard work and precious time. it’s the first time i thought i could throw my ipad into the next county. fix this stupidity
. app refuses login on my phone. pixel 2
. it really makes giving estimates & tracking invoices simple thats what i use it for a1
. it's a decent app. not quite a full model with some basics left out. also, they need to make it available for kindle.
"sam. i havent logged in since. when i just launch the app, it says ""device offline"" everytime. although i use alll other apps smoothjy, why this? i even tried deleting it and downloading again..."
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
. you have to use the website to update banking transactions. the website sometimes takes days to update them also, sometimes it's virtually instant, but sometimes it takes days. it's annoying to have to use a website every time you use an app.
amazing, powerfull and simple. switched from sageone and wow, for the same price i get a much better mobile app, that actually do more, and is very simple to use. and the last update made it even better with the overall view.
. after some training it is clear that quickbooks is an invaluable tool for business. after using other cloud invoicing software who have either not covered my needs or have closed down i would hope that qb will be around for the long haul . downgraded by 1 star because the recipt capture isnt quite as good as another app i had .
update. it takes a few days to update itself with my online account...
awesome app. great app to compliment the web based quickbooks program, made my accounting tracking and hassles a thing of the past.
its ok. i was hoping for this app to have mobile printing capabilities so we can set up thermal printers.
feed. need to be able to change from sales receipt to invoice without canceling and starting over. would also be nice if every few months we didn’t have to delete and reinstall
awesome job on the ipad app!. really needed this app for quickbooks to keep me mobile. i needed to use quickbooks online but was unable to use my ipad for quickbooks now i can! keep up with the tweaks but i love it!
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
not useful. hard to use. logs out when you switch screens. fields not consistent.
. very good app
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
. ugly icon change it back to blue. the green doesn't go with the rest of the user interface. :
. so far for the last 6 months it's been excellent. love the app and quickbooks itself.
great accounting software. i previously used myob, thank goodness i changed to this  it is light years ahead and is saving me huge amounts of time.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
. very good program
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
meh, no project profitability reports in the app. as a construction business all our accounting revolves around p&l reports per project. the onlinedesktop app gives us the project report but the app does not, which makes the app pretty much useless. our best solution is to login to our qbo account through safari on the phone to see the real time project profitability, shouldn’t the app do that?
great app. this app makes keeping up with everything so simple!
too expensive. i do to want to pay for s subscription , i just want to buy the software
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
. does what it says. great for invoicing on the move and tracking payments due
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
estimate layout. i like the way the app works, i have problems when i need to include a lot of info on the estimates. when i send it it leaves the first page blank and cuts of some of the info on the second page. overall great though!
love it!. great mobile online app tool that syncs with your online quickbooks on both mac and pcs.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
. voy a evaluar regular, porque con la última actualización ya no puedo usar la app, no me permite ver la información de mi usuario.
q books. i love this app it's very useful
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
great for mobile businesses. i'm reading the current version just a 2 because they claim to have touch sign in on the iphone but it does not work properly
simple to use. allows me to manage the books of my business anywhere anytime and i a can create an invoice directly from my phone which is very convenient.
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
terrible. what’s the point of this app, can’t even search employees. rubbish
. i have been using this app for few years now and i love it.
doesn't have a bank option. they could do much better though it's good
waste of time. don't waste your time if you want to access quickbooks on your ipad or tablet. needs a lot more work
great app. great app. only wish that it had payroll on it.
need packing slip option. add the option to send packing slips from the mobile app
. slow, buggy, and unresponsive. tried changing the time horizon for a p&l report; nothing happened. that's just one example of many of how wonky this app is. intuit developers should be ashamed of this turkey.
extraordinary app for business beyond traditional desktop. quickbooks rules a new dimension on simplified business processes. it is a great app well synchronized with online services, so you can manage different critical aspects of your business on the way and connected. its interface reflects trust, flexibility and fluidity.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
touch id doesn't work; features spread across too many apps. intuit still spreads all the quickbooks features across various versions of apps (online, self employed, desktop, etc) that all require separate subscriptions and there's not one single app that can do it all. touch id on this app is broken so it only offers fingerprint access within a few minutes after the first unlock. then, it's back to password. i really wish there were better alternatives.
. very easy to use and efficient method of bookkeeping, invoicing and streamlining communication with my accountant. perfect for a small business.
need packing slip option. add the option to send packing slips from the mobile app
worthless!. until this app can sync with the desktop version of quickbooks, it is worthless to my business. i'm sorry i downloaded it. but i have already deleted it.
. i use quickbooks on a daily basis and having a mobile app makes my job so much easier!! you can do anything on the app that you can on the computer. i'll continue to use this great service and app for my business.
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
hate the app. limited functionality of the app makes it virtually useless... unless i have access to a pic or laptop, i can't do all the things i need to do. the program itself is good, just not sure why the app hasn't caught up yet.
i love it!. easy to use too. great for generating invoices quickly
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
overly complicated for sole prop. this app is useless for simple small business money in money out, it shouldn’t be this hard and definitely not worth the fight
smallbusiness rocket!. great app. this is making my small business very productive. especially since the account is device agnostic. i can use it on my device or login online and be just as efficient.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
latest update is garbage. app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
. great app. so easy to add quick receipts and prepare invoices instantly. great for the bookkeeper too and helps keep their fees down also.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
app issue’s. i purchased a new ipad pro 12.9, i downloaded the quickbooks app. on the left tab when i would select sales it causes the app to crash. i tried deleting the app and reinstalling the app and it did the same thing.
. i love the app! there are a few updates i'd like to see on the estimates and order entry fields but it's still saves so much time. it really has changed the way i do business. great app and program.
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
. very user friendly. qbo makes my task simple and easy.
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
it begins.... i liked it so much i have it for 2 seperate businesses and just moved my household accounting onto qbo. the accountant can get to everything from his desk, me from my phone. auto download of account data, auto reports are awesome!
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
great app!. awesome tool for your business. if you don’t have a background in basic accounting principals, get a bookkeeper to help you set it up. a great chart of accounts will make the reports super useful.
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
. had it for only 6 hours and gave up! it's not that easy to use! wasted my money!
good. great product however cannot get online payment via paypal to work. also would be convenient if could add accounts via the app and not need to log onto computer.
. great customers support
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
owner of superior insulation. love this app its great
. this is no longer working at all for me. i can't even log in. it was working fine until this weekend. something has changed. intuit need to fix this.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
from xero to quickbooks. i went from sage line 50 (blinkin' expensive but brilliant if your an accountant) to xero (very good for basic invoices but no estimate facilities on the app, no good for my job) to quickbooks online. easy to use. does what i need. reliable and relatively quick.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
no back up provision.. i just want my books to work. can't upload anything. no way to make inquiries
great app. i compared couple of similar products and quickbooks was defiantly the best. i still believe that they could enhance their app to have identical features of their web version.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
horrible. this app is horrible. it's a complete waste of space. it has no real functionality worth talking about. it is no better than the mobile site which is also useless.
. best accounting app ever
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
. great app. it has been essential to the daily operation of my business. thanks quickbooks
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
good app with room for improvement. the features they have work well, but many of the features on the website are not included. it has many of the customer options, but not much else. if they ever make this a fully functional app, i'll give it 5 stars.
. awesome app
limited options. i love the app but would l like to be able to fully edit or create new customers and vendors in this app. although it is possible, it isn't as detailed compared to the online desktop version.
. i have tried to download app on my ph using play store but after 5 attempts still can't download very frustrating as i need to use this away from home.
excelente app. helpful tool
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
. great app help me so much with my company
it gets the job done. it’s not a bad app. i can’t find anything that will do everything i want & the problem with this is that i can’t fully customize my estimateinvoice forms. they have preset forms that you can play with a little, but not enough for my satisfaction.
paypal integration very poor. quickbooks say it integrates with paypal and automatically downloads transactions. well, it does partly, but doesn't download into expenses the transaction fees with paypal here, meaning you have to do it manually. it will do it for an online purchase to the same account so why it doesn't work properly is a complete mystery and one support do not help with.
good app. needs improvements as its a little tricky to use. and doesn't allow much access. but overall okay
. nice program! make it so i can bank on droid and it couldn't get any better.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, doesn't handle banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck. all fixed. awesome work!!!!!
. i had a terrible experience with it ! the link between my online folder and their server broke ! they wanted to charge me $300 to fix one part and $300 another part then they replied to my review on here with an email address that they do not answer ! i'm sorry but i'm very disappointed ! the concept of charging to repair something that i paid subscription fee for is ridiculous🤬😡😡
great app. i've been using qbo for about 6 months and i love it. i own a real estate firm (small scale, 5 agents and below) and quickbooks has saved me a lot of time and helped organize my business.
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
. this website is terrible and the customer service is friendly yet not helpful!!! i want to cancel my subscription and yet told to remove the app from my tablet....wrong by removing the app it does not cancel my subscription...very unhappy!!
. very useful.
please update. please update so it wont crash with ios9
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
. great for running a small business in my experience
i like it but am confused. the app works very well, but i am confused how to change a quote from pending to approved. when i click on edit the option does not come up
. this is garbage
business owner. this app has all the features i need to run a small but quickly growing business. easy to navigate.
. ok app email invoice doesn't work version 3.8 been unable to send invoices via email for over a week now.
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
the best app ever. now we can run our business with this app.very convenient and easy to use.
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
mr. great app!
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
". sucks!!! i've tried 8 times to sign up for the free trial & an ""error"" always pops out... :p"
. easy to use app with handy creation of invoice any time ,anyplace you are
. i'm getting an error code when i try to click on mileage trips and assign them business or personal. works on desktop but not in phone. other than that it's easy to assign categories for transactions and separate business from personal.
bookkeepers or better only! too much info available to users.. this app would allow a salesman taking orders to view way too much information. it's nice that it integrates with the qbo program, but what am i supposed to do about salesmen that only need to check inventory and write orders? surely they should be excluded from the company books! very disappointed in the time i wasted talking to intuit salespeople who materially misrepresent the functionality of the program
. having the app makes quickbooks that much easier. now i can write invoices on my phone no matter where i am at. time saver!
. the app is good. they can still work on some parts to make user experience better.
. won't let me add bank accounts. app is useless.
nathalie dodon maquilleuse pigistefreelance makeup artist. j’adore cet app pour me facilité la vie! géniale pour les pigistes ou travailleurs autonome. par contre on peut pas faire certaine correction avec l’app sur le cellulaire... il faudrait trouver une façon pour ne pas utilisé un ordinateur.
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
garbage update. please test all your updates before releasing them to paying clients!!! invoicing issues, client search issues, expense issues, wth!!!
highly functional for an app. unlike other folks i find that i can get the majority of what i need to accomplish for daytoday business done on this app. very user friendly.
qb. it would be 5 but i use it on several devices doesn't sync well phone app need more functilnality
. beware anyone cis don't use this use xero being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. i'm stuck till end of tax year then i'm off
does it work?. great app. keeps me well ordered and never lets me down
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
no refund and help support was clueless.. called twice no one could help me and both phone numbers proved useless. billing support was not helpful. could not even locate my ipad online subscription thru itunes. waste of time and money in my experience.
. great app for small business. easy to use and saves me a ton of time doing my accounting. accounts payable and receivable couldn't be easier. i really like the free bank transfer option i can provide my customers in their invoices. taxes are quicker and easier thanever everything is in one place and no more collecting receipts. i highly recommend quickbooks to anyone running a small business.
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
update???. aren't things supposed to get betterlol
changed my life..!. qbo has made the bookkeeping side of my business a dream. it has given me so much time back. if i forget the rest my business to run as smoothly, i would be a happy man…
. after i finish a job i get my invoice right out to my clients, it starts that (30day net) clock ticking.
no support for timesheets. also no custom reports
. so easy to use and realized how much i've been spending. really hurting profits. now i can minimize expenses and increase profits. worth every penny!!!!
sage. there are far too many bugs for my business to depend on this. what is really more important than dependability in book keeping software? besides there are very limited features to begin with.
business owner. qb app is so hard to use and is different on every device. if you lose connection while creating an estimateinvoice etc. you will lose all info imputed and have to reenter everything again
great app. works as intended handy to have quickbooks in your pocket
. easy to create an invoice, a little difficult to look a customer's information via the phone app.
basic functions always don't work. touch id malfunctions, syncing is very very slow.
perfect. works great for my contracting business. i mainly use it for estimates and invoices.
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
um yeeaaa.... it’s kind of crappy i can’t link my bank accounts with out manually entering the transaction it kinda takes the quick out of quickbooks
finally organized. this program has allowed me work on net 15 and 30... without worry of payments. also freed up estimating time. thanks
found a problem. when creating an invoice adding parts even if you search when you go back to it to add another part it’s still in that same form from before and if you cancel nothing happens you would have to search for whatever else you want by name, you can’t just scroll please fix
useless app. mileage tracking is grossly inaccurate, way too many inadequacies and limitations on the invoicing and accounting features. this app is a joke. i tried it for several months and have lost money as a result of it's shortcomings. the positive reviews here must be fake. do your research and search the web for accurate reviews. i recommend everlance as a better option.
. great app! well worth the investment!!
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
. the app is horrible. doesn't update ky information, ia like a month behind. very frustrating. you are good at billing me every month, that part is up to date🙄.
. this app works really good makes owning a service business simple. love that i can get done at a customers house and send an invoice
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
bad program. won't send estimates and invoices. buisness cash flow has been screwed up.
works great. this app gives me the functions i need from my phone.
. great app except one thing... why is intuit nickel and dimming us for tools and apps. i can understand pay extra for using the payroll feature in the actual program but paying for an app is stupid. if they made this app free i would be will to bet sales for software and online versions would increase more than enough to pay for the app development and running costs. other than that, great app.
very limited... quickbooks is one of the best accounting tools out there... however this app is very limited. ipad is a very powerful device. but this app doesn't take advantage of that. things like: * auto save invoices to the files app * option to choose payment type * when you paste an email from the email apps, it doesn't recognize those emails.. * option to add company stamp and seal to the invoices
best bookkeeping app. it has everything you need to make your small business life easy & hassle free!
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile i am a paid version user and i am pc login all options are work properly but mobile apps issue i have made complete 4 tims in call center but agent ask me team work this issue
very helpful. i own a small company and this app makes it very easy to keep track of my customer information.
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
. takes ages to load then crashes to a black screen. i have had the app for 3 months or so and only ever got it working for a few moments once. as it is so unreliable i could not trust it as an app to rely on, for example to use in front of a customer in their home, therefore i cannot recommend this app. i run a ltd company and we use qb as our accounting software.
great app always adding new features. great app always adding new features.!
jason arnold. so far quickbooks has been great. their program has some flaws i’m told they are working on. the payroll is very very slow to get up and running. but all i. all it saves me time and money
. i can not accomplish anything in the app, a blank screen comes up no matter what category i try to go to.
wow superb app. it is so well designed
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
keeps crashing. i am trying to use this app on my s7 on sprint. everytime i log in it crashes and ask to send crash report. ive installed it a few times now. please fix bug.
suits me. so easy to use, perfect for my tiny business. don't need accounting skills the workflow has been designed very well and support is great.
. great but sometimes invoices lock with the inability to edit unless opened with a different device.
great app. yet again another update and even more glitches, you charge a fortune and cannot provide a decent service  i’m considering switching to a competitor as you have breached the contract that you have with me. this needs fixing urgently and you need to refund subscription fees! my advice to businesses and the selfemployed is do not use quickbooks!
non emergency medical transportation business owner. there are obviously some differences between the desktop version and the app. the app gives you real time overview of everything you might want to double check on the go. quickbooks is a great tool and the app is a great extension of it.
. pos app!
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
great product. been using qb for 10+ years. moved into the online qb and have been more than pleased. other than the occasional tweak, it's been helpful and easy to use. support is fantastic as well. and,,,,,, they speak english! yeah! thanks qb!. awesome
love it, but. i love the app, but different devices have different functions. some things i have to do on the laptop. the internet version will crash and i have to reload it. not sure if its my internet connection or not. it is helping me get more organized and ready for 041516, ugh!
can't log in on nexus 5x. i haven't been able to log in on my nexus 5x for 23 months (maybe longer). i can get to the login screen and put in my credentials, but when i click next it errors. tried uninstalling and reinstalling. even installed a qb app update recently if i remember correctly. still can't log in. tried emailing info to support, but i still have the same problem. i can login from my computer or ipad mini just fine.
good but could be better. overall quickbooks online is a reliable usable and productive app. it continues to lack obvious things like an ap screen on the landing page and better shortcuts to accounts. but it does the job well.
accounts. simple is the new smart
keeps crashing. keeps crashing and doesn't track mileage for work and charity. really disappointing.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
can't live without it. i don't know how i did business before this app. i love that i can access my company books anywhere. i love the way i can take a photo of the receipts for my expenses. thank you qb!
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
easy to use. look, read a lot of the reviews and people are expecting their own accountant with this program. it does what is needed to keep your finances in order. if you want 4 ,ill ion graphs to impress and be bigger then you are....go hire a team. great product, easy to use, tracks everything for me, keep my books straight, and recommend it to everyone.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
. stupid 2apps at qb idot coders. so you have one app and it is great that tracks mileage and receipts but it doesn't communicate with cloud quickbooks. then you have this app that doesn't have those features. how can you dominate the market and be this foolish someone's going to come along and take their lunch money.
great app. good for a non accounting person like me. i can keep track and give it all to my accountant and it gets done. i love that i can send invoices from my ipad and enter info etc. two thumbs up!
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
. experience several issues with the mobile app.
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
major problems with the newest update!!!. the app was working great until a few days ago. now i cannot receive payments on my iphone due to a bug in the app and i also cannot send an invoice via email on my iphone or ipad now. ☹️
awesome ap for a handyman. emailing my client the invoice or receipt is effecient and impressive. being able to enter expenses when they occur saves me office time. only fall back is i cant yet enter store charges.
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
needs features. app seems to get bug fixes but vary rarely does it get new features. as a mobile professional i would like to have the same features in the app as on the computer. currently investigating other more powerful mobile options vs quick books update: can't even enter expenses with the app only a pc! in the usa they can enter expenses with the app.... wish i could deduct an extra star just for that.
good software, app needs work. quickbooks online is a great way to manage your business. this app, while functional, still needs some work
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
. this app sucks! i can't even login
. very useful
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
. what an utter waste of my money for initially subscribing to it. very difficult to use. the questions are complicated when declaring expenses. don't bother using this app better keeping your own ledger!
. great app. makes it easier to run my business
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
still useless. what is this for? can't see the check register, can't add vendor bills. you should be able to access all aspects of qb online. i guess its ok if all you want to do is look at pretty graphs.
so far so good.... it is working as advertised. would like to have a bit more color and design to the invoices. not complaining, just suggesting.
. what i don't like about quick book is that when u use your phone to record a payment. you have to use the computer to move the cash from undeposited cash to cash in hand. but it is a good accounting software. and i love it
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
luv it. app is a bit different from the qb we are used to, however, it's very easy to get used to. and the ability to access it from mobile devices is perfect.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
logo. this is a great mobile app but i wish you could put your own logo on the invoices.
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
very useful, ios 13 login issue however. as the title says. this software, when combined with the website version, can be incredible useful. the layout is good. i use it for work and once you get to know it it’s pretty good. currently there is an issue logging in with ios 13.
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
fix log in problems. the latest update made logging in extremely difficult. i am no longer able to use my pin or fingerprint even though they are both enabled in the app.
. problems with poor follow up i had problems with this app send support email and they don't follow up
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
. i use to love quickbooks but now it's not working anymore. please fix immediately because my whole business is run on this app... are you gonna fix this?
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
. app is nice but it stops automatically some times
at $12.99 month not free (false advertising). imagine my surprise, i trusted qbooks desktop to run my company, not sure i can trust some goof advertising free app and not letting you see anything unless you sign the free trial then $12.99month
great app. absolutely helpful and useful
. don't waste your time with other apps
. extremely slow. no it not slow wifi no it's not the device note 10 it's just a slow app
could not run a business without quickbooks!. i own a pool service. i love how quickly and easily i can enter information on the fly. it’s just as fast as scribbling a note between customers, and when i get home at the end of the day, it’s done! as long as i stay on top of my receipts, my taxes are practically done for me at the end of the year.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
looks excellent, just too complicated for me. i've been testing various apps that would suit my small businessfreelance needs. the app is limited which forces you to the website for certain deletions, updates etc. i also had difficulty navigating. i've since switched to freshbooks which was easy for me to figure out.
great. great app. love all the online offerings!
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
iphone x needs ui adjustments. the “accept” button at the bottom of banking transactions is on top of the “home bar” on iphone x please fix the ui so that there aren’t any usability issues on iphone x
. only started using quickbooks last week but so far so good. will update rating when i am 100% au fait with and satisfied with the program.
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
got worse after the update. it shows the information of last week, it doesn't update
makes it all the easier. program runs excellent always active on me note 3 a couple of things id love to see added. purchase orders and file attachments to invoices this would perfect it for me.
employee. love quickbooks but really want to incorporate it into my service vehicles please make a employee version
good app. it does ok in a pinch. certainly easier to search transactions on a computer.
. this app is amazing. still trying to figure everything out for my business but i love it. i just wish i could create order forms for my customers
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
phoned in. this could be such a cool extension, but like a lot of qb online, it feels a bit phoned in.  expenses show without account coding  what's the point?  report viewing is limited  dashboard is not customizable
great app a must for business. i have waited to switch to qb online as i had read a lot of negative feedback but this is a great app for keeping in touch with the finances of you business and easy for those not trained as an accountant
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
. not so great. have two businesses and the app mixes and misses my customers
so amazing!!!!!. this has made my life so easy with estimates and invoicing.
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
dubai. i tried to register dubai address but looks like only us address possible.
it's a great app.. good to create invoices on the run, and keep track of your business. my only complaint is that there is no place to put in a po or job name. i would also like if customers could sign with a stylist or finger on a touch screen phone. i have a samsung note 3 and would like to see that option. but still a good app.
. no unit field in invoice or estimation. makes it impractical in real life transactions.
extremely slow. painfully slow on both my mobile device and macbook. also, i have to refresh the app over and over to see the latest data. that wasn’t the case before. when i opened the app, it used to show the new data.
makes life easy!. best program i have found in 5 years. the app has worked flawlessly for me since day 1.
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
starting with errors. i am just starting my beekeeping business and trying to track expenses. quick books somehow has me making a $164 sale. i can't erase it because it doesn't exist. would love it but can't reconcile the books if random numbers are calculated out of thin air!
. very helpful with running a small business. tech support is amazing!
quickbook. on trial will notify later
great but needs some updates. just recently i am unable to log in to my company. i can get on to my online account, but not on the app?? says my email and password isn’t found?
great app!!!!!. great app for your business. really makes things easier and proactive. it also tracks everything
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
not happy with this. i've used quickbooks for years and have several corporations that i handle on the program. i'm also computer literate and have been a quickbooks tester in the past i'm not happy that it took me a whole day to download and set up payroll and still haven't figured out how to print reports for my customers or check for that matter
must have for any mobile business.. great app, syncs nicely. will give 5 stars once more functionality evolves. very user friendly.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
useless. can not load. i have a brand new iphone. i have tried to log onto qb at home, at work & without wifi at all. i have never been able to log in. it always says downloading company info and just keeps loading. i never get in.
really love it,. make me simple i can input data of company everywhere that i want... thanks for this great apps.
this app is harmful. support is useless or you really can’t recover the emails you sending to the clients with your invoice
terrible. this app has so many problems. it will freeze up and the only way to fix it is to delete he app and download it again. i wii ok old not recommend.
a very useful application. i find it quite convenient to be able to enter expenses from my phone and include photographs receipts when i am on the go. i use quickbooks online and although the app is limited in some respects as far as functionality goes the limits that other reviewers have discussed has not affected my business at all. i like it a lot :)
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
disapponted. thus app us completely worthless to me without the register.
. this is a great app for small businesses on the go. 👍👍
improve inventory management. very good software quickbook .. we are the manufacturer and we want to manage inventory of the raw material also ... when we sell a product then the raw material should be automatically deducted... otherwise very good sofware
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
best accounting app i've used. this makes my business run smooth and conveniently, i hope they bring more functionality to it still.
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
. can't view emails that it sends, it doesn't track when reminders are sent on past due invoices, you can not offer multiple terms (i.e. invoice net 30 but offer a net 15 discount if they pay early). tech support wait times are extensive (40 min on one call, 20 min on a chat). all that and it's expensive.
. trola app
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
unable to download. it keep saying you already own this app so it will download, but nothing happens
helps me so much. new business owner, this app has been so helpful. can do estimates send invoices and input expenses from any where, weather im at the store or on the go i can work
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
. great app
. using this app had help me reduce the time required to prepare my client account significantly from months to just weeks. some from 23 years backlog to weeks. i can use the time saved for other aspects of my client business.
. non function cant gain acces to app kicks me to google play store. cant make invoices cant get paid please fix immediately
. great software. will continue to use as long as it makes sense for my business!
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
. crashes again and again
. very happy. i'm a sole trader but still enjoying the benefits of the full version. worth every cent
only problem. i have a few problems the app is very slow when editing email address in the send invoice i don’t see a few things that i’d like  discounts for example no way to customize message to different customers most of this is pretty minor biggest issue is reconciliation of books at end of year
rip off. installed as companion to desktop. feature guide limited to decide which online version to choose. chose simple version since my needs are simple... no, wrong version, could i upgrade, no... support desk said i’d then lose the introductory half price... changed version... losing £6... chose next tier up for billing, £9 per month... no, wrong version again... so i’ve lost £15 and now need to upgrade to the plus version... beware folks, money grabbing machine.
continuous improvements appreciated. keep the updates and enhancements coming!
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
*terrible app*. do not take the chance with this program its flawed at best and is only designed to take as much money off you for as long as possible. it has multiple errors all the time. find something for better value and don’t pout it in control of your business because when it fails you have no control whatsoever.
it works most of the time. it’s useful to have the app but more often i go to the browser site as you can do more on it. the app is good if you just want to record a quick expense and take a photo of the receipt to attach. quickbooks itself is a good accounting package, it’s just the app needs a bit more functionality.
. the software is easy to get started with. however, matters such as how to generate p45, p60, issuing dividends, needs improvement.
sloooooooowwwww!!! iphone 6. very slow to do simple things like log an expense. camera feature is useless with crop feature. can i have the option to turn this off? just wanna take a photo without auto crop which 90% does a bad job. other than that its great :)
. user friendly. i am an accountant and am moving many clients to qbo
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
owner light it up. cannot login iphone 6s qb update will not download properly can't get into customer information what the cuss😡😡
great app. could do with a little bit more graphic approach, but very effective.
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
. useless app. not user friendly. waste of money. major disappointment
. so simple to use i love tht i can send invoices on the go and accept payments with my phone!!
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
. my business depends on qb and thankfully the web portal works. on my samsung s8 however, all this app does is give me an unresponsive black screen if i'm lucky enough to even load a login screen. not compatible with samsung s8 apparently. this app is trash. stick to the web portal and save yourselves the aggravation.
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 3 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank. the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
crashing. 4.0+ crashes on startup on cm13. however 3.9 works fine.
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
new update has stopped my app from working!!!. since the update i now can’t accept anything or change anything!!! the only thing i can do it add the expenses!!!! sort it out please!!!!!
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
. re routing several pages.. but not able to sign in.. after installation of app and having my all personal details it's showing that we should go n check desktop version.. then why it's as android app?
. easy to use. minor software glitches occassionally but great !
app crashes. everything was great until one day the app crashed. now crashes every time i open it. reinstalled and same issue. help????
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting and tracking of actual sales, mrr, and kpis
we are using this with the construction side of our business and so far the customer service has been wonderful. there are things missing or not working but customer service had said they are working on getting them added or fixed. makes it really easy for our employees in the field to create invoices and send them to clients as well as receive payments. will change to five stars when missing components are added.
does not work. cannot trust any invoices under clients or vendorsall are bad. only thing it can be used for is to take a photo of a receipt and add it to a vendors account. can make up an estimate in the field otherwise it is terrible
very good mobile app. i use this on my computer and when i noticed that there was an app for android, i immediately installed it on my tablet and phone. a must have if you have a mobile business or have to give invoices on the go.
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
. totals liability accounts into expenses in most cases and ends up double counting items.
just as simple as we could even think !!!!!. this app according to me is best as it's not that complicated and makes my business easy, i've not used any other accounting app so i consider this very easy for any layman who is not very good in accounting. it could have had few more options like individual job closing so to get more accurate and decrease the paper work.
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
. i have had this app for my business for about 1 year. every time i spent the money new transection comes up 2 time . and it's too hard to remove on transection.
. great app
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
serious billing issues.. the app started out wonderful. i could do anything i needed on the fly, then my monthly renewal came along. my card had expired, so i had to update my info and resubmit, not a big deal. it has been 8 days and they say they can't do anything about it, except convert me over to intuit billing, which is almost $10 more a month. i would not recommend using this until they get things figured out with apple billing.
works well. easier than the web interface sometimes!
update to the update.. they fixed the update. i updated my rating.
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes. in response to the developer: it seems i have to reinstall it every day just to get it work. i have been doing this fix for a long time and it still does not resolve the locking up or crashing problem.
. very convenient for recording expenses on the go
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use! still not working! uninstalling for now! i hope that you fix it!
functional and practical. love the cloud software, love the app.
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
broken. for the last two weeks every time i log in it tells me i have no online company.
small business app. good small business app. careful, they will rock bottom your entry price, get you hooked, then double or more your cost.
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
. currently unable to use. logging in on a huawei tablet the app crashes whenever i click on the banking tab as accountant login
great!. supeper user friendly aloha
it's just not the same as online. though the app does do most of the basic functions that you can do online it is still lacking some of the advantages to just doing it online. it is convenient to be able to access it on the go but it should be as versatile as the online version, also some of the menus are a little confusing on the app.
. keeps crashing when entering receipts. it's infuriating. updated review 6 months later still crashes when splitting an expense. tried deleting the cache. it's useless.
quick books. very complete app. easy to use on the go .
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
will not let me access my info!!!. ever since i got new phones for my technicians ,samsung s5, i have not been able to access any of my customers, transactions, or invoices. i use qbo for my business, but have now lost all mobile capabilities. if not resolved, i will be forced to use a different accounting software. 5 stars if working properly.
. good user friendly
accounts. simple is the new smart
need ipad update. the ipad app should be as capable as the desktop version. when are we going to see this? iphone app is pretty stout but the ipad app needs update and soon.
. good app
problem. please update the quick book we are not able use from india..
. very slow to load and often locks up.
love quickbooks and intuit. makes my job and my life so much easier. thank you quickbooks
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
why use the app when you it lacks the features of the website. you can’t change the status of in invoice on the app and must be done online only. this is a major flaw in the app. once i do my taxes i will no longer be using quick books, because of the enforced complexity the system is rendered mostly useless. the app needs to have complete functionality of the site.
quick easy access. does most needs, mindful it is not the full program.
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
. not very user friendly. can't enter data easily. the point to download the app was to have an easy access to my account when i am out working or if i have walkups. i will be able to easily send out an invoice or charge a credit card.
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
setup. could not setup company profile, kept getting error message. on to the next one.
app is good support is horrible. call qb for basic questions lady name amanda hang up on me.. dial back in the she place me on hold for 15 minutes
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
very user unfriendly.. i'm an ex myob user and also, lately, an invoice2go user which i find a dream to use. quick books however is so convoluted and unfriendly, i just don't know where the designers were coming from. i'm sure they've never tried to actually use the software. rubbish.
great app!!. no issues so far. simple to use.
not bad. could use improvements but will get by in a pinch when you don't have access to your main computer. 82317 update 1 year later..... my review stands. too many things you can't do compared to full version on my desktop mac computer.
logs me off all the time. every single day this app automatically logs me out, displays a message that there’s been a critical update, and that i need to log in again. even worse it requires you to actually enter the password rather than allowing face id authentication.
awesome app. helps with all business expenses and just great interface
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
best business app. i never write reviews but had to for quickbooks. absolutely love. couldn't run my business without it. have recommend it to everyone.
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
app problems. app keeps crashing haven’t been able to create invoices for days
record keeping at its finest. works great and keeps my business records up to date at all times. so simple to use but capable of handling any business transaction you may need.
. i am with digital account
. this app no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
. great app does everything you need it to do on the go. perfect!
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
sorely disappointed. intuit made good products maybe even great products at one time. now their cloud offerings a just released with out any concern for features and bugs. disappointed. somebody has gotten to big to care about their customers.
simple, just plain works.... easy to set up, use and send invoices, receive payments and figure out the taxes.
. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:) 23092019 i wish to ask, wether you can remove the function which not allowed to screenshot ? it is very frustrated when i need to inform my customer how much they owe. please !!!
". pretty much a steaming pile of frustration. don't use it to record invoice pmts. the app will apply the payment not to your chequing account, or the account of your choice, but to some weird account called ""unapplied amount""."
works well but. some features don't integrate with qbo and visa versa. i think this product should be as similar as possible across all available platforms.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
. thieves. they refused to deposit funds into my bank account and kept my customers money. i would not recommend.
. great software. easy to use!
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
hate it. i officially hate this program and will be changing to another accounting software in july. i have been using quickbooks since 2000 and used to love its simplicity but it has become time consuming and harder to use. make a mistake...can't fix it. if you are away you can' access all the feature using the app  you find a computer and log on.
easy to follow. app is easy to follow even if you are not an accountant.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
. waist of time app. does what it wants not what you want. worthless
. it's ok for invoicing other than a few issues with dates. but i'd like to know why supplier transactions entered as a 'bill' through the desktop app don't show up in the mobile app, but 'expenses' do.
. can do a lot quickly. like most apps doesn't allow you to do everything you can do on full site. great for adding invoices on the go.
mobile app. you cannot check your inventory or edit invoices from the mobile app.
great app. just need a bit more of the functionality of the full site. like the time activity bit. account balance updating would be good to.
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
how did they not see this coming?. quickbooks is currently not working on any update from apple. doesn't work in ios 10, doesn't work on safari 10 on the mac, can't download the mac app! business has been crippled for days. a business app like this needs far better reliability!
. we just started our own business loving this for estimates on the go!!
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
perfect for first time small business owners. maintaining all the records for a construction company can be intimidating; quickbooks has made it less stressful and easier to do my job!
. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:) 23092019 i wish to ask, wether you can remove the function which not allowed to screenshot ? it is very frustrated when i need to inform my customer how much they owe. please !!!
app not working since update. normally i'd give the app 45 stars but every time i log in now it says sign in successful but there is no online account associated with the email and to start a free trial. however when i login from safari, i get in no problem. please fix as i am unable to access data from my phone.
. fantastic and user friendly
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
interstate_g. i’m a young entrepreneur. no degrees and some college classes in my background. when i say that this app is easy and straightforward forward, helps me run my business, and does most of the work. easy is an understatement. if accounting is your barrier in your buisness look no harder cause qb is the answer.
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
great app on the go. view invoices ,do invoices and bids on the go no need to wait until you get to your laptop or computer
don't like new update. i prefer buttons actions on the bottom than puede corner and still missing two things, send invoices by text, fax, edit or view notes online
. i'm amazed by how much i can do quickly in the app, but the number of touches it takes to switch back and forth between screens gets old fast. the app dies every time i switch to a different app to look up a piece of information, and when i start the app back up, it has completely forgotten what screens i was last in.
small business accounting. very helpful software for my business. has everything from accounting software to expenses, to employee payroll and deductions. has helped me become more efficient with my time. makes estimating and invoicing more streamline.
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
not very user friendly.. not very user friendly. have to open the app twice every time i use it. it says critical updates required log out and log in to refresh. every. single. time. i . open. the. app. i’ve tried deleting and reinstalling multiple times. when entering receipts it could have a search box at the top of vendor list do you don’t have to ask to search every time.
great as an on the go app. we find the app ideal used as a reference for clients address contact details, quick invoicing whilst on site and a generally speedy server. works for us using the desktop as the main hub.
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
nexus 6p problems. still does not work on nexus 6. i'm trying to run a business this app use to make me efficient. now it sucks that i can no longer log in to upload receipts. i would give it zero if i could.
life changer. doing what i need it to do
better improvement. app running better
meh.... still can’t accept checks as payment in conjunction with payment services on mobile app. lots of glitches...
a pretty good app. all in all, this is a pretty great app. it does just about everything i need it to while on the go, but it is missing one key piece of functionality. it does not allow the recording of deposits and that is really important for me. other than that it functions flawlessly and has never given me any trouble. overall, i love it!
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
glitchy and horrible, like everything intuit makes. i'm a quickbooks proadvisor and have worked with quickbooks for several years with many companies. my advice to businesses and individuals is always the same start looking for something better, it's out there. intuit has horrible customer care and constant software issues that make simple tasks very tedious.
this has made my life infinitely easier!. intuitively designed, have yet to need a feature it doesn't have!
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
terrible to customers. your website deleted my account, which i spent hours putting together, and had every intention of subscribing and paying for this service, and then when i spoke with customer service to see what happened, i was told to call two other numbers for the same service, then placed on hold by the final number for 510 minutes, and was hung up on. they had my number and never called me back. horrible service to your customers. i will pursue a different company.
fantastic app. easy to use and works very well.
. awesome app for small or big business owners that have a lot of paperwork customers etc
not suitable. i was hoping to be able to manage qb from my ipad as if i had access to my qbo accountant tools. sadly not. back to the laptop to actually get my work done.
. use this app all the time, bc of that it a time saver!
multiple selection?. hey is it possible to do multiple when using this app on iphone like it’s possible when using my ipad. if not can you make it possible.
awful app.. literally the worst business related app that i have to deal with. get ready to log in every six seconds and have no changes saved when you modify things. the idiotic data entry fields do not allow you to enter information half the time. if literally anyone anywhere came up with a program that would import my contacts and records from this steaming pile of junk, i would switch.
great app. works great for invoicing or estimating on the go. 5 stars if it was completely synced to my laptop. sometimes i don't see estimates that were done in the office available to seeedit on the mobile app.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
deceiving. it doesn’t show a price until you’ve finished setting it up then offers a 50% discount or pay full price. so i deleted it
. business on the go this is an excellent app
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
. last night's update totally messed up our county taxes, forcing you to use an incorrect rate, less than the state and county expect. we will need to use a different system now do avoid tax issues.
. great app
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
. this was almost my solution to doing invoices on the road. unfortunately, they do not allow pdf attachments when sending an email. i need to send a pdf not jpegs so until this option is added this app is useless for me.
excellent new user interface. i waited quite a while to switch to the new user interface for quickbooks, because i usually find that such updates change without really improving. but i was pleasantly surprised. tasks are much easier with the new interface and the android app is much improved. excellent job!
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
. update has not fixed this issue! why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
. i use this for my startup business. the invoices help a lot!
it could use some improvements. i would like to have the option to send partial invoices from the app
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
. nice software and easy way to learn.
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
can't view customized reports. nice app. not very useful for tracking your business through reports that you have setup using quick books online. what's the point of having your company books in your hand if you can't track the information you need?
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
. with the newest update cannot reliably attach receipts! although a long time user, will be unsubscribing soon if not corrected.
over promised, under delivered. the desktop app is slow and the mobile app is lacking pretty important features. their tech support is horrible and can take days to resolve an issue....if they even admit that there is an issue.
owner. thank you for qbo! it's a breeze to use and i love recommending it to my clients! can't wait to get updates and see what else qbo can do.
great app. need security code.. the app has lot of confidential data. please add security code to open the app, similar to quicken.
. everytime wont open says error etc etc
. very good and useful!
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
. my wife has this app and it works well for her business. i got this app based on her recommendation but unfortunately it has been full of technical difficulties. several hours wasted on talking to tech support and was told the tech team might resolve issues in a week. all details of my invoices are erased and wrong dates are shown on all invoices amongst other problems. wish they could solve this faster, has been very stressful experience so far for me.
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up!
. the app is great when it works! it took 3 times of deleting and reinstalling to get it to work again. but its working perfctly again.
. app freezes and crashes several times a day. the photo receipt scan feature is probably the biggest culprit. even simple things like updating my business contact information yields an error message which is usually followed by a crash. the mac version of qbo isn't any better. similar issues there. very clunky, buggy applications. too much time spent troubleshooting. time for an alternative.
. great app , looking forward to getting the full version.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
disappointing update. was able to do deposit on the go with earlier version. please fix.
superb app. works everytime for me, allows me to update invoices, expenses and record payments.
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
. this is the absolute worst application. my account has never reconciled. cancelled the subscription. it's worthless.
so far so good 👍🏻😃. software is straight forward and easy to use and if you are unsure, the support team explain everything.
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
. excellent for mobile businesses, only wish that i could see the same dashboard as on the pc version.
. great app except one thing... why is intuit nickel and dimming us for tools and apps. i can understand pay extra for using the payroll feature in the actual program but paying for an app is stupid. if they made this app free i would be will to bet sales for software and online versions would increase more than enough to pay for the app development and running costs. other than that, great app.
"awful app... can't even sign in. migrating to qb online so thought app would be great.. wrong! app won't sign in and reports 'communications error' in addition, it's not compatible with my 8"" tablet running android 5x  come on intuit  sort it out"
ios 13 problems fixed very quickly.. quickbooks is pretty good, the online version is fantastic. issues are attended to quite quickly. from a small business point of view, i simply can’t fault it.
. great customers support
qb app. not useful as it could be as you can't enter a bill! not being able to enter a bill makes it useless to work from an ipad or tablet device.
awesome!. so easy to categorize expenses and view financial statements in seconds!
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
. problems sending invoices. update to customers from ipad doesn't always work. other issues. still a good app.
. samsung galaxy s4 i rarely give five stars. i dont use this app like i thought i would but may in the future.
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
iphone app is the worst. the iphone app doesn't work. their customer service people admitted it doesn't work. don't even try to use it  too frustrating and a big waste of time. online version and ipad versions are good but too limited for price  reports can't compare year over year
love it for our small businesses. love using quickbooks for both our small businesses! makes collecting our invoices and communicating with our customers super easy!
scope for lots of improvement. given that this app has been out for many years, it seems like it has been neglected. the interface shows it. for example, if we touch a vendor, only the address shows up and nothing else. ideally, all details related to the vendor have to be displayed  po, bills and payments. many such improvements can be done.
terrible app...... terrible app it does not work. since last update👿
great app. builds accounting teamwork and keeps management decisions up to date...
. it's a decent app. not quite a full model with some basics left out. also, they need to make it available for kindle.
crashes. same problem: crashes. looks good though.
excellent!!!. this is easy to use and very convenient! most of the functionality on the app means it's easy to work while out of the office!
too expensive. i do to want to pay for s subscription , i just want to buy the software
saving issues. a lot of problems with saving customer information or updating invoice. also have problems updating information after it has been saved.
awesome. this app is perfect for all users. i haven't found an instance where this app can not be used. it lets the boss and employee work together from anywhere. it can only get better with time. if u need an invoice or quote program. this is your app. (+more). a lot less paper work that's for sure. 😉
. found a better app for my needs
. dissatisfied. was able to get on to thw app because it kept saying there was an error. i was to finish the processes of registering online but just want to try out beforw purchasing it. it would allow me too. uninstall.....
great app. i love working with quickbooks i can take it with me anywhere i go and makes everything with my business that much easier. i have used other apps that were good but they didn't tie everything together like quickbooks. i highly recommend it.
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
. useless app. waste of money. lousy support. subscribe at your own risk. i am cancelling mine
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
good if it's working. tedious authorization every time you have to reconnect with your bank. the desk top app isn't quicker and it seems to crash at the most crucial time!
easy to use. a very easy to use software that is cloud based with a great phone app. i’ve been using this for some time now and it evolves every year. most for the best. a helpful help call centre should you have any problems. 4 stars as i don't believe you can back this up
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck. all fixed. awesome work!!!!!
help. there doesn't seem to be a way to tie in purchases on to a invoice to charge specific customers. when you call in for help with the app, customer service does not have access to see what you're looking at.
. good app. like the integration with online accessable pc version.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
my business has transformed.. i have received multiple compliments from my customers regarding my new invoices and estimates.
. quickbooks online has been an invaluable management tool for my small business. i give professional estimates for services & am able to create invoices, receive payment, & track income, expenses, etc.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
does not even log into my company. installed the app, entered my login details then tells me sorry it cannot download my company details and to report issue. i've reported and typically the response i get back is to redownload the app???
. great program!! very easy to use and has many options.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
limited, buggy, slow... this a majorly limited version of quickbooks online. you really can't do much with it. it also crashes often and is extremely, painstakingly slow. but so is qb online for that matter.
amazing app. excellent service?
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
this app is harmful. support is useless or you really can’t recover the emails you sending to the clients with your invoice
fantastic software !. this has made my life a whole lot easier. invoice and estimates on the go. i really feel in control of my accounts.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
very unintuitive. is hard to tell which expenses are finalized which ones aren't. it's just not a very friendly interface.
great app. very easy to use. reliable. every once in a while it has loading issues but it's rare.
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
. installed on android yesterday. cannot see anything on dashboard. called customer service and they don't know anything about the issue and can't help. she said she can see it on her iphone. account can be seen on desktop version but the mobile app is useless.
quickbooks app. i like the app except i can’t seem to add accounts to the chart of accounts.
. all selfemploy business need a quickbook to hepl delivered business closure with your busines transaction .
google auth broken. can’t login to my account using google auth.
good when i'm away from my cpu. i didn't expect a full service app. but it's still a great app when i need to get something done on the fly.
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
intuitive and very useful!. i'm surprised at how easy this app is to use and how much functionality it has. i'm able to do pretty much all of my typical day to day tasks within this app. it's extremely useful to be able to quickly put together an estimate for a client from my phone or categorize a transaction. intuit, you've done a great job here!
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
totally useless. as a long time quickbooks user i thought this might be for me. after many frustrating hours trying to figure it out and the seeming absence of help i’m just going to delete it and cancel my subscription. as i said a total waste of time
amazing app. i got this because of danny devito
owner. love the program i am having problems inputing my desktop customers and previous business information. called the help desk and still waiting forba fix
horrible customer service. product is a great product but the customer service is absolutely horrible!!! i was on holdon the phone with customer service just to be told to call back on monday.
. i love this app. anyone with a small business should have this!
only problem. i have a few problems the app is very slow when editing email address in the send invoice i don’t see a few things that i’d like  discounts for example no way to customize message to different customers most of this is pretty minor biggest issue is reconciliation of books at end of year
update ruined app. crashes constantly and that when you can get in. half the time it’s ‘downloading company data’ and won’t let you do anything. i find this making it actually harder to run my business.
great!. enjoy the app very much
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
app login. i can not login to app using my online login details. have reset again and again and nothing works. very frustrating
. great app
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
best program.. essential for any business.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
. words cannot express how unfriendly this platform and interface is. both on app and desktop. nothing is plain and simple, switching back to invoice2go as i've been trying to create an estimate for over 6 hrs here and it takes me 5 mins on invoice2go
love the app. excellent app just wish you guys would add the ability to turn on quantity while leaving rate off in estimates and invoices
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
cannot perform some basic banking.. after two years of waiting for the app to be capable of making deposits, it still cannot. that certainly seems like a very fundamental process.
aaaamazing. i run a mobile and in home boutique and this app has been a life saver! i'm so happy with it!
. it doesn't have a feature that allows to also monitor the business on the pc, i mean webversion linked to the app.
extremely limited, useless. inability to enter time activity which is basic functionality that’s extremely useful on mobile.
great app. i have to switch from another accounting software to quickbooks and every thing is easy to use and easy to navigate.i use it on my phone,desktop in the office.i wish i had it ever since i have been using the other accounts software.
. you don't need to understand double dutch accounting to use it.
. waste of time, the app frequently crashed and doesn't have anywhere near the functionality of the web app.
. great app. very convenient.
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
awful software. i have quickbooks for years and the service is awful and the customer service reps can't help you. plus read the small print about the merchant account i have been paying 4% on credit card transactions. simply horrible
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
unexpected error 10000. iphone 6s plus. would love to know why i always get this message. i'm unable to use app at all.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
very convenient. nice format for creating estimates and invoicing. although, it is frustrating having the keyboard cover the un scrollable typing field on note 4. you must continuously press the back button to view the text.................i just realized i'm having the same issue typing this review. could be the note 4. hmmmmm
stop downloading.. i have redone load company data every time i log on the app which can take hours, and essentially makes the apps convenience useless.
love using quickbooks!!. i love using it and it makes my business so easy and don't even need to carry my computer. i can actually do all of my invoices estimates anytime anywhere with my cell phone!
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
app doesn’t recognize credentials. this app worked well for me until the most recent update. now i cant login, says can’t find the account with this emailpassword. this is very annoying since i travel frequently without a laptop. now i’ve lost the ability to access my accounts via the app.
small electrical business. this software is perfect for anyone starting a business. it keeps everything organized from billing to customer records.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
terrible, embarrassing. after purchasing and downloading the app, it worked fine on day 1. tried to open it and show it off...it would not open. the next day, i gave it another chance. i successfully created an invoice template and then tried to edit a service. the app then froze. i will obtain a full refund and never give this another look.
great app. very happy we use if for all our companies and recommend to our clients
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
pretty useless. very slow and painful to use, doesn’t let you bank any payments etc. probably only useful for those who wish to produce very basic invoices
new business. great app, easy to use when building my own business.
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
. the app was good until the free teial was up. i tried to subscribe but it wouldnt go through.. i uninstalled and reinstalled and lost everything and it still wouldnt work!!!!
really great :). really great software package. requires some dedicated learning for someone with no accounting  bookkeeping background  but functionality and power of the software are fantastic. very happy with quickbooks. thanks :)
features are good but i always found bugs. errors everywhere
. entered in info 2 link bank business card. then i went & made a purchase with that same card & nothing showed up. giving apps a shot, even though i know in the back of my mind that anything can be hacked. i'm not trying this again will uninstall.
absolutely love it! best business accounting app. great mobile online app tool that syncs with your online quickbooks on both mac and pcs. is everything that you could ever want or need for bookkeeping, accounting, invoicing and estimates.
. preparing to start a business and this software was rated the best. i took a 5 day class for 4hours. i was so happy that i downloaded this app and used in class too.
mixed bag and ball and chain. a great improvement over the years but the system breaks down at the worst times. today(friday) could not access any of the program for 4 hours. no invoices. no purchase orders. yikes!! when it works, it works well.
the quickest cost effective solution!. pros streamlined nicely, easy to use, awesome price point! consnowhere to delegate and calculate non paid or invoices in collections and its a looong 2 days to pay day if attached to paypal.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
doesn't work. app isn't working with lg g5 with android.6.0.1. won't let me login.
. powerful yet easy to implement. i can help my clients set up estimating and billing on the run and remotely update bank recs, etc
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
. effectively useless. crashes after tapping on anything
cloud attachments  well done!. i've been waiting years for the ability to attach files to an invoice from a cloudbased source and it's finally here in this release. thank you! now my computer usage is 99% ios, independent of a desktop.
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
invoice missing. i sent an invoice from my computer but is not recorded in mobile app. prob wont be buying
amazing product. great product for a small company. combining quickbooks online with the phone app is a great tool. being able to look up customers, create invoices, email invoices anywhere you want. i am also excited to be able to pair qb online payment with this also. all in all it's a great product for a great price so many things you can do with it.
onion vs. desktop. i have just purchased the desktop version. i would.like to use the app to record my expenses on the fly. from what i can tell you need to have an online account to do so. please help if there is a way.
freezes. freezes when saving a new client. app is useless.
. love the program, but still new to it, and ned to learn more about it.
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
. so you have to purchase the software for desktop but if you want to sync it to mobile you have to pay monthly to use this app? why is this? why is there no onetime fee option?
. maks invoicing on the go fast and easy. just write it up and send it to their email.
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
horrible. it’s true the only reason i will install qb on my phone is to record expense on the fly,and it doesn’t do it
great. best tool for small biz ! make my life easier and my customers happy...10stars..
. extremely useless and convenient!
doesn't work. omg i'm so frustrated with this app...now it doesn't work at all on my note 5 i've report the error so many times and no reply
. i'm a small business and growing this app has been a god send
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
doesn’t always work. says it can’t show details on invoices. annoying.
easy to use once set up!!. works great
missing some key functions. 2 big gripes: purchases are always entered as expenses, requiring editing if it's a purchase for resale; there is _no_ timer or time sheet entry function. i have to use a third party app for this (tsheets.com, works very nicely)
don't make me log in repeatedly. it's an app.. ux execution for this company is repeatedly abysmal. i have an account. i download the app. i activate thumbprint authentication. and they repeated log me out and have me sign in again as though i'm a new user to a web site. this kind of crap ux plagues this app in the most annoying spots.
great for small startup. just started using the app as the business grows it has been easy to track travel expenses and everything else we need to keep growing.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. app crashes 2sec after being turned on on iphone7. restarted phone, no luck
great app and the best accountancy system so far.. i've tested many different products from competitors and quick books is the best so far. i've used online version first and then downloaded mac app which is quite fast to use. mobile app works seamlessly with both and its great business tool. i don't really understand other negative reviews and people having issues with software. please make sure you're using latest updated version of the app and your ios. thanks matt
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
bad.. very bad. it just plain don't work and when i called tech support they said it is working fine it must be my phone well i have tried it on another phone and still get the same thing.... for what i paid for this service it should work.. maybe i should just go back to the old version and not pay the monthly fee!!!!
. for the entrepreneur on the go, this app is fantastic. i post my expenses with photos of receipts and create invoices from the car! terrific.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
. i trust this app
great app. very helpful, only complaint is, i would like more features like the desktop version. i would like to be able to get into my online version and accept register transactions, look at taxes that are owed, stuff like that. but over all a huge time saver. and has gotten me out of some tight spots. thank you
awful. slow, takes ages to load photos, can only load one photo at a time. constant errors where the invoice will be paid twice
great, easy to use quickbooks app. so many great features with this app, love it. so easy to use!
it works ok. using this app for serval years now. mainly i’m bothered by the small glitches and performance of the app, not so much quickbooks. every so often a new annoyance will pop up.
poor app not intuitive. some features are good, but (and it is a big but), the desktop app does not work, the web app is poor and the iphone app almost forces you to make errors, which you can't seem to undo. this is a waste of money. if the app were more intuitive and flexible then you'd have a winner. for now you won't be putting accountants or spreadsheets of business.
. great tool for our business. definitely makes life easier!
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
poor software and worse support. software has limited features and the support agent gave me 3 different answers to 1 question. what hope does anyone else have with support like that. avoid this product
auto service. makes my invoicing a lot quicker and easier to get taken care of.
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
missing data on iphone and ipad. i have an issues where invoices are missing for some customer on both iphone and ipad. the show up absolutely fine on the web. i can see the payments but get the error when i open the payment qbm.error.00500000.reason.iphone. please fix asap
changed the way we do business. i love this app. we needed something that we could easily use in the field. we can create estimates, invoices, receive payments and even attach check images to those payments. our productivity has skyrocketed. quickbooks has figured out the mobile accounting software. customers for life.
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
mixed bag and ball and chain. a great improvement over the years but the system breaks down at the worst times. today(friday) could not access any of the program for 4 hours. no invoices. no purchase orders. yikes!! when it works, it works well.
. having a business that is mobile and takes cash payments this app is brilliant. can't find a way to automatically assign mileage to each sales receipt... that would be invaluable!
great but needs improvement. app is really great other then one key thing missing. i need access to employees and doing payruns while on the go and be able to enter in employees hours for casuals with ease.
still slow & buggy. home page shows update date as current and. transactions to reconcile yet when i go to the individual accounts to do it the numbers are either wrong or transactions not there...
. the support team helped with my expense logging issue. awesome!
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
poor service. difficult to set up invoice template and negotiate site, customer service poor, and when you try to write a review and send it off if the nickname is taken you have to write it all out again. as usual well advertised on tv but fails to deliver.
. geat app!
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
besi. it just makes life easier awesome app
okay. this app would be perfect if it didn’t redirects me to safari to login every single time
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
love it. love the app, really intuitive!!! and great customer service!!!
. easy to create an invoice, a little difficult to look a customer's information via the phone app.
it worked good until it didn't. i can't even login it says app closed
. slowly improving gets better and better, though slow to do so...
. would be a 5 star is the mobile app scanned and allowed multi page receipts and used ocr to recognize amounts categories etc to short data entry
. recently broken. was using this daily on my samsung tablet but as of a couple days ago it stopped working on all my mobile devices. i've sent feedback within the app but still broken. it's frustrating as a paid subscriber to qb.
sooo easy. i love quickbooks. has made my life so much easier
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
awesome ap for a handyman. emailing my client the invoice or receipt is effecient and impressive. being able to enter expenses when they occur saves me office time. only fall back is i cant yet enter store charges.
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
not accurate. even after the most recent update the app still dose not accurately reflect my qbo account. all information on vended and clients are not up to date. this had been an ongoing issue for more than a year now. i keep hoping with every update this will be correct, but nothing yet.
great tool for small business. i'm a self taught qb online user. was very intimidating at first, but what makes the difference is the amazing phone support staff. they are so patient and professional, i've never had to wait long for them to answer either. i highly recommend qb for anyone who wants to understand their business better and make better business decisions.
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
nothing but glitches on my ipad. really not worth it nothing but problems one operating on ipad
. i am really happy by the way it helps me keep track of my expenses and consumption taxes. one thing i would like to see on the mobile app is being able to view your taxes, same as you can on the desktop version.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
. please update. can't login
i am truly loving this app. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
fire the entire team. worst app. login doesn't work. recovery doesn't work. craptastic adventure
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
no inventory tracking, no reminder. very disappointed with this no inventory tracking, no reminder for the app no not also for me its pointless quickbooks you better fix it i am cancelling my subscription
. this version of quickbooks app works great. very happy.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
poor update. unfortunately this latest update has a bug which believes i am on a free trial which has expired. i can still log in to the system on the internet but the ios versions do not work on ipad or iphone for me now. in addition, an option to receive funds in to another account other than the main current account would be a great feature to implement on ios which is sadly lacking at the moment.
simplifies. this app makes it really easy and fast to manage receipts and expenses.
fee increase is a bad deal. fees increased but same services rendered. otherwise it’s a decent app. i’m disappointed that they get people to invest all there invoices and history in app and program then up the fees in them nearly double. can’t trust a company that does that to ya.
"about 710. not bad but not good. the app keeps requiring updates if used on apple products. not an issue but the updates never appear. quickbooks blames apple and apple blame quickbooks. we ""updated to the cloud version"" from a pcm based quickbooks. so far we are very very disappointed."
. great app
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
great app. the most recent updates made this app amazing. it is invaluable in my business. there are still some tweaks to be made but overall i give it 5stars.
need o and p. really need to add a way for someone to mark up of the invoice and show change orders to estimates.
awful. it's so confusing i hate it can't seem to manually enter stuff have to download from hsbc but other accounts i use ie trade card & fuelgenie aren't recognised so it refuses to set up & let you enter stuff manually. i so much preferred to enter everything manually you know where you are with this i haven't a clue it's all over the place. i want old fashioned quickbooks that was easy and understandable this is a joke.
. simple and easy to use app. makes life easier for small business owners.
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
made my life easier. i use to spend all weekend doing paper work and now i do it as i go in the car.
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
can't invoice to job address. no good
. great program
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
crashes every time i try to open anything.. i hate this app.
really like it!. this app is very easy to use. i just wish that i could deposit from the app. i love being able to make the receipts on the go but i have to wait to get in front of the computer to make the deposit. other than that it's great.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
very nice!!. have been using this app and computer software for 2 years now. very easy to use, have had no errors or screw ups with the app. it's great to link bank accounts to app for instant payments from invoiced. it's helped me with my business and accounting dramatically
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
sign in problems. there should be a way to sign in without a password or touch id. for me touch id rarely works.
. great app for individual
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
. there is a error when trying to add item, i have sent message to support with no reply, as well as requested input from the community. i guess you can't ask for much help with such small fees per month.
. office on the go! i run a tree service so i'm never in the office. this app let's me take care of businesses while in the field and frees up time when i get home at night.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
total crap. this app doesn't work. it shows numbers which doesn't make sense, you can't rely on it. i just go to safari web and login to my quick books account. please change it if you can.
best app i've used!. i started my small business with quickbooks and i was able todo everything in one application! from sale receipts, expenses, lodging gst and more. i would highly recommend quickbooks to all business owners
limited options. i love the app but would l like to be able to fully edit or create new customers and vendors in this app. although it is possible, it isn't as detailed compared to the online desktop version.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
top notch. this app works great, easy to use after i played around with it for a bit. very convenient and quick to use.
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
some problems. when it works it's great, i use it every day and every day there is a problem, the system tells me they are having problems, please try again later, takes forever to send email. it's very frustrating when you have a business on the go.
. does what i need
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
not many useful features...yet(?). no access to trial balance or p&l reporting. no access to cash balances. no report writing or report generating capabilities. i guess it's free, but i hope there is a robust pipeline of upcoming features.
very good for any kind of business!. quickbooks is great app for managing the everyday finances. it's very fast to send invoices, with this app all income and expenses are simple and quick.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
update the update, please.. i love this app. i use it every day, but the new update (4.5, released yesterday) will not let me record payments or save new invoices. it forces me to cancel each time, which doesn't save any changes made. please fix asap.
. so far the ability to track expenses has been extremely easy and seamless.
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck. all fixed. awesome work!!!!!
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
only if it had bank register :(. that's my only complaint. other than that this app perfectly suits my needs
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
quickbooks mobile app crashes continuously, unusable. the quickbooks mobile app crashes continuously and is totally unusable in it’s current condition on ipad. frustrating and we are planning to switch accounting app companies, after years with quickbooks program. intuit seems unconcerned with fixing the problem that has been plaguing our recordkeeping for weeks now.
great for on the go businesses. i have been using quickbooks mobile for about a year now and it makes keeping up with invoices and payments a breeze.
. you don't need to understand double dutch accounting to use it.
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
outstanding accounting software. perfect for sme's. enter bills and invoices on the go including taking photos of your receipts and signatures for invoices. absolutely outstanding accounts package, i couldn't recommend it more, well done intuit!
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
not a user friendly apps. not flexible
. very user friendly app.
. great app, though i still need to refer to the desktop version. i am unable to pay employees through the app.
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
love itrepeat user. i love quickbooks because of the ease of getting things done in accounting. i am by no means an accountant but this does everything for me and i just hand it to my accountant at the end of the year which makes it so easy.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
stopped working after the update. this was working great until the software update last week. now i end up creating multiple copies of invoices and estimates and the app just freezes on the saving screen. i can only finish off by logging in through a web browser and completing the task. please fix this fast intuit!
"didn't want to give in but i did lol. i didn't want to get quickbooks for our small business but finally did. i'm glad i did because now i don't have to go through each invoice ""old school""."
great app. use it while in the field working on my samsung galaxy tab pro 10.1 don't even need to break out the laptop!!
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
. great app got payments and invoicing and cloud access
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
unhappy v18.12. as of version 18.2 i can no longer “switch company”. looks like the developers broke a really great app.
. great invoices tool
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
working great. seem to be doing really well. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
. very convenient it's a convenient and easy to use app. the only downfall is not being able to insert new fields. so a ;  )
i like it but am confused. the app works very well, but i am confused how to change a quote from pending to approved. when i click on edit the option does not come up
. after updated the app to the latest version, this app can no longer be used as it keeps forced closing.
. on the iphone app you can swipe left or right on expenses, depending on wether it is business or personal, is there a way to do this on the android app? thanks!
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
"what are you thinking qb???. when you send invoice or proposal email, it doesn't come from your email but from ""qb do not reply email address"". so if customer wants to email you back with question or addition they have to start new email thread."
so far so good. it's not fussy like sage one. just nice and simple. it's saved me time just to do my invoices worth it for that.
invoicing. i'm sending invoices easily!
. why can't i login
one of the best accounting software.. very good and well made accounting software. very easy and friendly to use. the things i especially like about this application is that i can book an expense on the go through the mobile app and i can access this accounting software from anywhere and on any device!!
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
not compatible with my lg g4 phone. i bought new lg g4 and installed the app on it, once i try to sign in the app crashes , i sent email to customer service and it has been three months since then, they keep saying we are trying to solve the issue, worst customer service ever.
awesome app. quick books is really an awesome app. links up to accounts quickbooks payments. i can access from all my devices. it’s really versatile. you can make great estimates as well. emailed invoices and estimates look very professional.
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
inconsistent. ipad app is missing enter bills. doesn’t match screen layout of online.
simple and efficient. this makes invoicing on the go so simple. i love that it syncs with my computer and i can take a photo of receipts and it adds them to my expenses. very convenient
. great for on the go i mostly love it. i wish there were options to run individual client reports. also, a search option by keywords or invoice numbers. sometimes, when i open it, there's no information in the app! have had to uninstall, then reinstall multiple times. galaxy s2
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
great accounting app. very happy with my quickbooks app.
only problem. i have a few problems the app is very slow when editing email address in the send invoice i don’t see a few things that i’d like  discounts for example no way to customize message to different customers most of this is pretty minor biggest issue is reconciliation of books at end of year
. horrible. difficulty in getting customer service rep. when asked to speak to a manager she continued to argue. not easy to speak to a rep. i signed in and went thru steps to set up quick books it didn't like my information to deposit money. horrible and don't advise wasting money. sat on hold for a manager for an extremely long time more than 15 minutes.
batman. super friends
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
worst app update. after updating the recently, app is crashing. unable to login
works well on samsung note 2 & 4. i used the app mainly to create invoices when i'm out of the office. it's so awesome to be able to do this on the fly!
functional with problems. the latest update took away the ability to choose territory in the app even though using a web browser does. i contacted intuit to report the problem. very nice but nothing has been done to fix it. also, common reports aren't available in the app.
useless since update. the last update brings a gorgeous splash screen. i know this because i see it dozens of times each day since i have to log in every time i open the app! completely useless now.
. works great! i own a mobile cpr business and i'm able to create accurate invoices on the fly.
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
four leaf hvac. love the app. makes my life a lot easier.
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
fair app version, but not good as browser version. i’m not able to select item groups when creating an invoice. also im not able to enter sku when creating an item. neither im able to search items by sku info... they dont let you set a fixed price for an item group on any version of the software which o find really easy to implement by code which is dumb...
great app. need this so bad
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
. dissatisfied. was able to get on to thw app because it kept saying there was an error. i was to finish the processes of registering online but just want to try out beforw purchasing it. it would allow me too. uninstall.....
. as someone starting a small business, i needed a quick and effective way to keep track of receipts, other costs, mileage, as well as sales and track a percentage of my profits that goes to a charity. i love having this easy to use app on my phone so i can input info on the go! highly recommend for the small independent business owner.
found a problem. when creating an invoice adding parts even if you search when you go back to it to add another part it’s still in that same form from before and if you cancel nothing happens you would have to search for whatever else you want by name, you can’t just scroll please fix
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile i am a paid version user and i am pc login all options are work properly but mobile apps issue i have made complete 4 tims in call center but agent ask me team work this issue
. nice app. easy to build and send invoices.
intuit quickbooks. software
looking for another software. they always have “50% off” that’s just to get you because i have a year with them and it is the 3rd. time they had raised the price ! i’m now looking for another software.
so easy to use!. love how simple and easy this is to use, love how it all connects to my paypal account too
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
. piss poor app most of time it don't work keeps saying error. very disappointed
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
bill pay ach services via intuit are so difficult. 2 months 3 support tickets, 3 phones 1.5 hours each, and so many emails i lost count... still can not get the ach funds deposited. if i did not know better i think they are just trying to see if i give up so they can keep the funds... i am not impressed, and quite honestly will probably cancel all of it.
. i love quickbooks online. i've used quickbooks pro for years. am now retired but started a similar but now more relaxed field. i would give everything a 10 star if only you would put a time clock in the app. i would greatly appreciate that. would be so handy when i am on a mobile job.
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk please tell me who to email in response qb
owner and operator of cool rush inc inc. this app has helped me to manage my business keep track of my account receivable keep track of my spending this is the best app i ever had
great app but sign in issues. wont let me sign in anymore keeps sayin error restart app.
. jai presentement un bug. perdu les taxes
. i am very very convenient and easy billing....so i am happy...my feelings is good...best app for small business
. not being free hurts. if this app was free and did not require a subscription to use for us that buy qb pro i would give this app a 45 star rating. this app is not perfect but what really hurts it is the price being 10 dollars a month to use this app.
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
. great app. let's me work from anywhere!
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
useless for mobile access. doesn't have any of the features you would expect from a mobile app. if you want to do anything other than create a invoice or view transactions you put in from your desktop, its a waste of time. no balances, no accounts, nothing useful at all.
convenient app for my accounting on the go. love the user friendly interface and convenience of upkeeping my accounts anytime anywhere
like it so far!. at this point i have only used the free trial version of this app. i like it. i do wish that it was linkable to my bank account or at least had a register like the software version i have used in the past but i am still going to buy the full version.
cannot drill down for info. why bother making an app if you can't drill down for information? i am able to have full functionality with our hosted data base, so why can't intuit make this happen? i love intuit's products, so this is most disappointing.
great app!!!. this is a great app for my small business. i can make and send out invoices from my phone. which is great!!
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
no longer loads. after upgrading quickbooks online, this app no longer loads on ipad or iphone. please fix.
well done. good app to compliment online services
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
"soooo slow. i have been using this app for about three years , and it was very functional and useful, but now, almost every time i open it, it says ""downloading data,"" and stays there... for 35 minutes doesnt matter whether my phone is on wifi or cell coverage. i hope they fix this bug."
quick accounting. works great , makes life a lot simpler getting invoices in and keeping a tally on pending jobs .
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
signature box not wroking. when client tries to sign in box on a credit card transaction with a apple pencil or with finger the box moves around. no signature is captured.
. great accounting app
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
experience getting worse. entering transaction requires way too many taps. it isn’t location aware to suggest transactions you just always search. recent updates have some bug that makes the app download the data file with almost every login and login often you must. usually twice a week it loses my password. i have enjoyed quickbooks online but this app experience may have me evaluating competitors in december.
mobile invoice and so much more. great app!.
app crashes. everything was great until one day the app crashed. now crashes every time i open it. reinstalled and same issue. help????
terrible app. quickbooks is a terrible app on my iphone & my ipad. it's not even a good program on my computer. it's extremely limited & each update does nothing to improve it. if there was another accounting system i could use, i would.
. i love the app! there are a few updates i'd like to see on the estimates and order entry fields but it's still saves so much time. it really has changed the way i do business. great app and program.
. pretty good app. lots of features like asset register need to be accessed through desktop. ocr not available for receipts on this version
new update is awful. the newest update is so awful! i can't post things on my invoices, i can't email invoices, nothing! it acts like it is doing it, but then it freezes and tells you to refresh before making changes. i refresh, make the change again, and it gives me the same message again. awful update!
. great app
accept button. accept button in banking is not working after update. it is now working :)
. i am a quckbooks junky, but i have to agree with the comments. this app needs to link to quickbooks. it is useless. i love everything else qb does. i've used them for over 11 years. i really can't praise this company enough. super excited about the app for integrating affinity live!!!! just synced it.
excellent. does what it says on the tin.. excellent app. works brilliantly on the ipad, sometimes find it a little sluggish on the iphone but i put that down to the poor wifi we sometimes have and bad signal from phone operator. anyways it's so easy to use and i can produce an invoice there and then and email to the client instantly. don't know why i took so long to move from desktop to quickbooks online.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
. for over a week, the app has been failing to load my account details. i sent the error report by email too. i am using the correct login info and i have a samsung galaxy s10 plus. the app is poorly designed and maintained... spending all the money on those commericalsads vs on the actual product, not looking to renew once our lisence expires at this rate... we can just build our own system instead or use other functioning ones..
. when it comes to converting an estimate to an invoice or processing transactions, the app experience is excellent and even preferred to the desktop version. smooth and easy to learn.
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
. keep having to login which is annoying. very slow in general. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. after 3 years, still quite disappointed with it.
. great app to perform some business tasks on mobile
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
. when it works it works great. however i have to periodically delete and reinstall the app because it gets buggy entering new expenses. it will get locked in the expense screen. in the locked screen if i hit save 5 times it will record the transaction 5 times while still sitting in the entry screen.
excellent piece of kit. i've held back from making a review as the requests for a review before really using an app seems pointless. i have now used quickbooks for around five months and to be honest i now could not imagine working without it. it is easy to use, clear and without doubt a high quality product. first class and highly recommended.
keep crush !. my iphone version is ios11.2.1. i can’t open this app. keep crushing. please fix asap.
i can't put in negative numbers 😡. i'm trying to make a receipt for a client. i'm a property manager. i need to explain deductions i made but it will only add not subtract. it does both on the computer so i guess i'll use the computer for that.
game changer. changed the way i handle my business transactions. from a simple to complex my invoices and estimates are presentable, traceable and accounted for. my reports help me secure loans in a flash. and my accountant loves me.
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
garbage. app stinks
. this app has made life much easier and more organized
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
service date. been told by intuit several times that service date will be available on invoices almost a year ago....still nothing and it is crucial to have in the lawn care biz
. great app! very affordable. quick to uload and edit inventory items.
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
. very confusing, it's easier to just go to the website.
awesome. it's taken me a couple of weeks to figure everything out but wow this a well thought out software and app!
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
horrible customer service. horrible customer service
good app and great support. easy to use although experienced problem with vat rate not being editable in online desktop version. intuit' response was really quick and efficient and friendly. highly recommend.
good functionality but slow to load. great functionality, good app but it takes too long to load. i don't need the homescreen with current activity to load each time. i just want to add an invoice.
"rarely works. the quickbooks app worked great for awhile. now with the last update, nothing refreshes. i'm always receiving messages that it can't ""update at this time. try again later."" very disappointing"
boost to my business image with my ipad!. i went from handwriting every estimate, sales receipt and invoice to bringing in new paperless technology. at the end of the day i would have to have my wife input everything in our quick books online. then file everything in our office. it's not only impressive to our clients, but it also eliminates filing and an extra step of data entry, it saves time and money and gives you a competitive edge over your competition!
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
. my accountant said everything going digital. use this on lap top no problem. but it wont even open on my phone! not great when out and about trying to get payments in while running a business! oh and paying for this... service?? not happy
lee. alot better and easier to use than some book keeping companies out there.
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
free trial. what free trial?? it requires a subscription to even open the account!!
love new layout. love this app it allows me to create invoices and receipt on the go with tablet or phone
excelente aplicación. tengo un negocio de control de plagas y esta aplicación me a permitido realizar cotizaciones y facturas mientras estoy fuera de la oficina.
. can't connect my bank account. please fix this error. i have to manually put my expenses in the app because when i try connecting my bank account i always get a pop up saying an error occurred.
fantastic for when you’re on the move. this app has really helped me operate more efficiently from a mobile office. the ability to quickly and easily produce quotes and invoices from my ipad has been extremely useful. the app isn’t as fully featured as its desktop counterpart but it does enough to suit my needs, whilst i’m on the move. i’m running this app on a 10.5 ipad pro and it has been flawless.
. not the smoothest running game app
. they make it very confusing to cancel your subscription. i've been playing around eith my account for 30 mins and still can't find where to cancel my account and not get charged by them. i swear i'm not stupid either. also half the pages don't load when i need them.
. a little bit confusing for new users, but overall an ok experience. online version is better
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
crashes. it crashes upon opening on iphone 4s now
great app on the go. view invoices ,do invoices and bids on the go no need to wait until you get to your laptop or computer
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
. as stated on my previous review,, i have tried every method including the ones quickbooks suggest and i still cannot find an unsubscribe button anywhere, this is very frustrating and ironic in the fact this app is ment to save you time, i spent half a day trying to unsubscribe to this with still no joy , last result to phone the number which does not work over a weekend.
helpful. this app is so helpful to my business. when i am on the go i can always retrieve the information that i need
review. happy with qb is working for me just need to work out how to link my bank in and do my accounts on it this should be simple but l am no wizard on tec. the code that l am ask for from my bank is not linking and not sure why. but so fare it's good.
. the updating is slow and i have to manually refresh before changes show up.
intuit. great app will be nice when we can scan bar codes on receipts
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
missing features. it would great if it could read data from receipts and auto fills the fields. i can't get my clients to use the app, because re silt entry is too cumbersome. reports are lacking.
. great app. use it to run my business.
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
. consistently slow and glitchy. slightly better than the computer program, but still not the most user friendly.
perfect for construction guys. i'm always running from job to job and the mobility to give estimates and invoice is on the spot is priceless... plus the customizable terms for each buildercustomer with the added alerts helps me stay on top of receivables
tax invoice as per india standard. dear, please give us more invoice style templates as per india stander
great app when it works.... after update to ios 13 as well as the latest version of the qbo app, i cannot access supplier information. on top of that, i am unable to save expenses that i am trying to enter too. there goes the productivity. qbo team really need to be better at this!
. very user friendly great app great technical support i recommend it to anyone
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
stop downloading.. i have redone load company data every time i log on the app which can take hours, and essentially makes the apps convenience useless.
participated promoted priceless!. it enhances your ability to multitask better than others. sleek app for all business owner's success!
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
worst app ever ! not reliable. been using qb for may years, the last few years have been tough for them. we use our mobile app constantly, but it has many issues. it constantly crashes and some day it just won't open. not acceptable. we have taken to customers service many times, but the problems still persist. i get it growing pains right ? is just too much. we are looking for an alternative software like cero. sad but qb get 1 star .
so much better than sage. we moved from sage to this and haven’t looked back. the app is better and the links to banks work (unlike sage). the help and support is better than sage too. all in all, well worth a trial.
application bug. depuis la mise a jours de ios 13 je ne suis plus capable de facturer mes clients . j’espère qu’il va avoir un correctif rapidement merci
update terrible. completely broken at this point. searching for a viable alternative
great app. the only thing i would change is making the app run things like the “report” section so that i could view profit and loss in categories such as “classes” or ‘’cashaccural” and add the ability to view and record sales tax payments. other than that this app is amazing and i don’t know how i would run my business without it.
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
. this app stinks. no features. nothing
intuit. excelenta si detaliata
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
. works great until about a week ago. now i can't save anything from the app it won't sync basically nothing is working right with the app. i even tried installing it on another android phone and had identical problems. don't bother trying to call customer service they say they have nothing to do with the app and that's it.
. ok for a mobile app
this app is harmful. support is useless or you really can’t recover the emails you sending to the clients with your invoice
qb ol user. i almost can't believe they actually released this to the public. it is only half an accounting system. all you can do is see outstanding invoices. it is at best a limited reporting system. it is not a way to control a business.. a long way to go before even thinking about paying $0.99 for it ..
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
good but won’t take my money. every time i put my card info they charge me $1.00 and then it says subscription canceled. so i put in my info again and agin and they charge my card $1 but it never runs so i can be a member.
great book keeping app. use this app with the online version at home. very happy with it indeed. support could be a little better. but support is adequate. been using it for a couple of years and i'm very pleased.
. its easy but the app needs work to be seemless. its not as userfriendly as the desktop version but for what i use it for its alright.
. i have had this app on my phone for years. i tried opening it and i was told to update the app. so i did. now it will not open. it just keeps telling me to update. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it still does not work. my business is important and this makes me very mad
. superb app superb app
. sometimes glitchy. some days it works some days it doesnt but overall worth ther money becasue the website always works
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
qb online. tout ce qu'il faut pour la pme. facilité, mobilité, flexibilité! un support technique accessible, compétent et rapide.
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken.
if you don’t use quickbooks you’re probably wasting a lot of time.. i find the day to day management of my business much easier and less time consuming since i started using quick books. as with everything, it isn’t perfect. i would like to see more features on the mobile app. that being said, i only use the app and it works well for me. customer service is excellent. they strive to resolve any issue you throw at them. i would highly recommend!
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
. was unable to add transactions today
. easy to use and navigate
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
whyyy. why on earth would any app ask dor my banking information and password etc theres an api for those theres absolutely no way for me to share my password with anyone or anything... zero stars
awesome app. i run a small business and i use quick books to manage my entire business! from estimates to invoices to getting paid its all so easy and fun to use! thanks guys
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
not free. wish there was an app like this for free the soon i started free trial next step was if i wanted 3months and pay or have a small discount and still pay :
. great app easy to navigate
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
". apps for ordering pizza are more useful. a company like intuit putting out an app with such limited features is unexcusable. fan of qb online, this ""app"" is a waste of space."
excellent program. i am so impressed with this new app, it is very easy to use and very helpful for my construction business. i don't even have to go to the office to make an invoice i can do it right in my truck on my phone and send it. i can check on expenses... it's a breeze and worth the time to get to know this app and online program.
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
awsome. very good program has helped me a lot.
nice but buggy. first i'd like to thank you for a great app that makes my business easy on the go! needs some attention but on my s5 it doesn't appear in the multitask list and my friends iphone has the ability to match bank feeds also which is missing on my android?
invoice and estimates not saving after last update. you will have to delete app. then reinstall then it will save.
"brilliant!!!!. works like a dream with qb online. i can finish a job and then send the invoice from my phone (whilst sitting at home drinking a cuppa!). just include ""totals"" for estimates and sales invoices please!"
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
app fails to load on iphone x. failed to start in iphone 6s and iphone x
qbo app. luv the new dashboard!! excellent app. no complaints.
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
. might need to buy an apple phone again this android version is useless.
. great app
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
. error everytime i log in, and requires password so often. edit: the log in is working, but when i try to add an expense it doesn't save, the same button doesn't work
a+. app works great
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
. just unistalled and reinstalled the app hopefully it is going to work. after doing over 70 invoices it stopped working dashboard showed blank 😕
. good app
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
. does not work on my pixel phone. sucks i have to pay the same rate as everyone else but can't get all the benefits. update...the email address intuit gave me to email does not work...shocker.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
small business owner. it's fantastic and professional for service contracting for management, but the fact that the crew in the field still use paper carbons to submit & clients want paper makes this a major problem. if the client doesn't give an email, or the field crew doesn't get the right info, i end up spending extra hours trying to figure it out...
not able to enter bills. i cannot on this app nor the mobile site enter bills or purchase orders!! its very bad because now payments cannot be entered from my asus padlaptop please update this asap!!!!!
. this app has been helping me manage my business much better than before
i am impressed!. i had to leave a review after being able to set up a new customer and then bill them all from my iphone! not a detail was missing compared to the desktop cloud version of quick books. good job intuit!
invoices and estimates design. the design and layout of the invoices and estimates templates are outdated. seems like a small thing, but it reflects poorly on a business’ brand, and it is so easily fixed on your end. hire a professional designer and give clients a template that says quickbooks cares about our brand too.
. easy to use and make life way easier to keep track of inventory and sales.
. for a mobile accounting app it does a fairly good job, and obviously the most important part is the qbo intigration and having that information accessible wherever i go. one change that i wish was made would be a frequently used or a favorites at the top of the list of vendors and accounts. it really stinks to have to search for the things i use the most
touch id fail. please stop making us enter a password everyday. every other app that uses touch id doesn't have this issue. thumbs down qb 👎🏼
touch id rules. much easier to login now.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
. what an utter waste of my money for initially subscribing to it. very difficult to use. the questions are complicated when declaring expenses. don't bother using this app better keeping your own ledger!
amazing. at last i can invoice on the move and do the rest of my book keeping as i go. great app and easy to use.
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
iphone app is the worst. the iphone app doesn't work. their customer service people admitted it doesn't work. don't even try to use it  too frustrating and a big waste of time. online version and ipad versions are good but too limited for price  reports can't compare year over year
amazing. thank you for keeping it simple.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
. a very nifty idea, makes life alot easier 👌🏻
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
quickbooks. quickbooks has been absolutely amazing overall. main issue is customer service and their ability to provide customer support for the app. i was required to ph 3 different numbers, one being out of service. once i finally spoke to csr he was extremely friendly but did state they haven’t been provided proper training to assist with app related issues but would do his best to help. i would upgrade to 4 or 5 stars if they provide a user friendly option for support.
quickbooks online. i love it! i have been using the software for quite some time. quickbooks products are one of the best accounting software i have used. i have used peachtree, and power church plus. in my opinion they don't compare.
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck
excellent software. so easy to use, it's great and self explanatory.
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
great app!!!!. i am a simple tradie and this app has made life so easy! not complicated easy fast and effective.
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
. why does it keep saying that there is technical difficulties in using the app? even before prior update, it had this issue. no issue with the ios app though
. this is a pretty amazing service, and i highly recommend. the only complaint i have is that the setup of products doesn't make a lot of sense to me, by way of required categories that i don't quite have nailed down, but honestly that seems more like user error. love it, haven't looked back since.
crashing at start up with ios 13. love this app but it crashes with ios 13 :( please fix
just awful!!!. is this seriously how you're going to roll out your app by pissing off customers. can't even sign in half the time due to 'connection errors'. your company is an ultra fail.
miss e hughes. fantastic resource easy to you & amazing customer service.
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
. the app freezes frequently. when it's not freezing, it's too slow.
. quickbooks it's been awesome for my business. i can send estimates and get all my receipts taking care at one app. i highly recommend quickbooks to anyone who has a business.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
update needed. for the past three weeks has not been tracking the miles. otherwise a 5 star app when working properly.
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
description is misleading. there is no way to enter or see expenses in this app and of course no way to attach receipt pictures to these expenses. you can enter expenses using computer and attach picture of receipt there, but not in this app. if you need a plug in to do that, why not to say so? or just remove missing components from description.
crashing in ios 13. crashing in ios13 can’t even open the app .. having trouble managing my business
. great app, simple to use, alot of resources.
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
poor payroll and after service tech support.. been waiting months to try and sort it out. hours on the phone. not worth the energy anymore. looking at zero as a worthwhile option. regret being tricked into the cheap price. pay peanuts you get monkeys.
. streamlined very easy to navigate. really makes getting the job done a breeze
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
. emailed 3 times now would be nice to get a reply as would like a refund due to canceling my subscription in the first 30day free trial but have still been charged for it.
. this app is easy to use and convenient
. very useful software all customers use
really good, but.... the app does everything i need it to, but the fact that it doesn't show up in the recent apps list makes it unusable for me. i like to copy paste from a emails, and receipts into the app, so not being able to quickly switch back to it from another app sucks. fix that and likely a 5 star.
makes life easier. does everything i need! only 1 suggest...i want to sort quotes by date created...
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. really hard to un subscribe , cheep get what you pay for ...
occasional early glitches with mobile overall v good. i use the mobile version and it's access to my phone contacts makes it really good. there have been a few minor glitches with support but this is getting better and better  so apart from the few minor glitches early on then it would be getting 5⭐️ latest update after 6 months  excellent 5 ⭐️
please update. please update so it wont crash with ios9
. very close to cancelling my subscription as app doesn't work. after adding 45 receipts i get an error message that my request cannot be added and i should call customer support. have tried reinstalling clearing cache signing out and nothing works permanently very frustrated
good program. qb online is very accessible
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
not working on ios 13 :(. it crashes right after opening. i tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but have had no luck...
pretty useful!. i can add my expenses and match them later and now they even. updated the web internet so i can use it on my tablet and it's become super helpful! thanks quickbooks! i think what's they update it to where you can do all the thing you can on the tablet web interface that you can do on the computer it's going to be top notch
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
crashes. since the update to ios 9. totally unusable. i have uninstalled and reinstalled and keeps crashing on my iphone 6+.
. moderate user, nice to estimate and invoice on the go
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
missing features. missing bills (that you print cheques and pay later). missing payroll. this would be fine except they're raising the price on everyone in a few months.
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
only problem. i have a few problems the app is very slow when editing email address in the send invoice i don’t see a few things that i’d like  discounts for example no way to customize message to different customers most of this is pretty minor biggest issue is reconciliation of books at end of year
. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless. hello quickbooks how about a fix?
ez modern business book keeping. i love this app program... it's very ez to apply it with your business services.. download it 2day!
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
. this app not work in my phone .i am opening this the screen is black.i am purchased 1 year subscription in last two days back.
. great app. i manage my painting company from here ...
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
does not work. i have just spotted an ad on the bus in london. installd the app. created an account. it was difficult to activate my account as the app does not read sms itself. all in all, after logon the carches  it is not unable at all. i use galaxy s6.
no complaints!!!. 👍👍👍👍the first business app ever that i'm unable to find anything wrong with. my boss & i love it. it's incredible how close this app comes to the qbo full website in terms of what we're able to access and accomplish using it. leaves all competitors in the dust. keep up the good work qbo!!!
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
does not work with ios 13. tried all the suggestions from the developer without success.
great app. good for a non accounting person like me. i can keep track and give it all to my accountant and it gets done. i love that i can send invoices from my ipad and enter info etc. two thumbs up!
. very useful software all customers use
poor implementation. need more of desktop features and views.. poor implementation. need more of desktop features and views. can't print packing slips. needs a simple overview page.
useful. useful for capturing my daytoday personal spendings
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
. great software i use it on my laptop, phone and tablet. easy to use very happy with product. would recommend to any business owner
great but needs improvement. app is really great other then one key thing missing. i need access to employees and doing payruns while on the go and be able to enter in employees hours for casuals with ease.
. i run a small electrical company and the app does not let you do cis payments like the online version of this. this takes the mobile out of this app for us and only allows cis payments to be done on a desktop with windows...its very annoying as apart from that its ok
really good !. used a different invoicing program for years but would not sync with quickbooks. so i went over to the best and figuring it out. quickbooks online has made it easy to work through. good job developers !! been 8 months now and have to say quickbooks online has been excellent ! not too hard to learn and very easy for my customers. a winwin
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
lame. i don't understand how anyone can make an app that isn't fully functional on an ipad.
amazing. amazing app i use it for my online business
no bills. has great functions except cannot enter billsinvoices from vendors.
bank sync. errors while synching bank accounts for matching invoices. this is a basic function and not sure why they cant fix it. account shows as not deposited though its in bank. please fix this.
life saver!. i absolutely love this app. when i first started out and i didn't have that many funds in the bank, this was one expense i didn't even have to overthink. after using quickbooks online app for only a week i knew i could never go back to organizing my finances on my own. i use it every single day!
please prioritise. can you please forget about the fancy fonts and new colours!! first repair the many bugs and crucial features missing from this app so we can operate our business efficiently. once that’s done feel free to change as many fonts as you like.
crash. latest update causes app to crash on loading.
. this is seriously a great app. thanks devs
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile
love!!. the quickbooks app is absolutely perfect! when handling business on the go and clients are making payments, i can easily create an invoice andor sales receipt. makes my job easier. it tracks all of our business expenses, profits and losses. this is great!
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
buyer beware crash instantly on iphone 6. this app works sometimes but it will instantly crash and doesn't operate properly on my iphone 6 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work properly. why don't you guys fix this? also, it annoyingly downloads company info every time you open it which takes what seems like hours. i have a very small landscape business. should this be the case? come on intuit! get your act together
great!. new to the app, but so far it is great! especially when coming from doing everything manually with spreadsheets and boxes of receipts. much better than the qb for mac 2015 i tried.
. it doesn't have a feature that allows to also monitor the business on the pc, i mean webversion linked to the app.
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
. very user friendly, works great on my samsung neo and desktop. highly recommended
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
terrible. try to do estimates on the quickbooks for ipad. it is easier to do on the quickbooks for iphone. intuit needs to get some people like myself with an office any where that using qb online very hard and heavy to beta test there software.
. runs our business so much smoother for since app was created.
nice, but naughty. i am writing this review at christmas, that explains the headline :) this app used to be awesome. now i get a lot of can not connect to data or can not refresh data even after multiple refreshes. hope they fix it
. your app is not allowing me to create an account. it's keeps saying content type missing. really would of loved to use this app.
. this app has, literally, changed my financial standing. as a fantastic it engineer but rubbish at business management i would struggle to arrange invoices for the many small jobs that i do. now, with this app, i'm able to raise and send invoices on the spot!
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right. update 020219; still has constant logout problems after all these years. would give 0 stars if i could.
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
. very user friendly great app great technical support i recommend it to anyone
. its pretty good, but the scroll bar on the side of the expenses list is driving me absolutely insane because i keep accidentally scrolling and jumping through the list
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
makes books much easier to keep updated. this is a powerful combination of mobile, camera, and bookkeeping. much easier than relying on the desktop.
just too expensive.... i run a small business and can't afford the monthly dues of qbo. hoping they come up with a more competitive product at some point...
. garbage! just a scam that fishes for personal information. stay the hell away!
. i share this app with a gal pal of mine and she loves using this app
awesome. love this app... i'm about to do a lot of work from my phone.
. keeps stopping mileage tracking, gives me message about battery optimisation....... now my phone is on 247 so unless the fairies are messing with my phone when i'm asleep there is a problem! getting answers from qb is nigh on impossible!
. awesome account software
better than desktop. used to use desktop version of quick books which unless you were an accountant was near impossible for the average person to use. qb online is so much more user friendly!
quickbooks online not working. i paid my subscription thru itunes, got charged but haven’t been able to use it.... it keep giving me a message to subscribe which i already did. contacted apple, itunes, and intuit quickbooks and haven gotten anywhere... frustrating!!!
good so far. it seems good so far, will update later when i actually have time to form an opinion. it keeps begging for a review so here..
. you should make the interface exactly the same as the desktop version. we don't mind paying more for online, knowing that we constantly get updates, and logon capabilityfrom any computer and can have the online backups. but having the desktop vs online being totally different and opposite from eachother is annoying. i will give 5 stars when this changes.
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken. 21517 latest updates are a constant crash.
no more receipts in my pocket. shoot the receipt and record the transaction, now even more quickly with touchid
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
. the app has been having system errors & technical difficulties since january. why? my credit card is still being charged monthly fees and the product that im being charged for isn't working. your system is broken & flawed. please cancel subscription and refundcredit my card back. i would really appreciate it. i'm not interested in speaking to another rep. refund...
on track. keeping track of daily expenditure, and the performance of my business is so much easier with this app.
. i am downloading this app but downloading is very slow. happening only with this app.
mobile app. you cannot check your inventory or edit invoices from the mobile app.
amazing!. this just made my life much more easier to manage my small business! well done!
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use! still not working! uninstalling for now! i hope that you fix it!
quickbooks. does exactly what on tin. takes fair bit to set up but boy its worth it
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
. you did an update on friday afternoon while i need to use the program. now i can't access the program because i need to do an update that o cant do because of a glitch in the update
. great app
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
not quite what i'm looking for. after the invoice2go update disaster, i read a lot of good things about this app. sadly it fell short of expectation as i was unable to change the invoice number, which i would think was a pretty basic requirement. advice on the internet seems to relate to an older version of the app as the information did not relate to what was on the screen. i won't be utilising my free trial, nor will i be subscribing.
. best accounting app
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
. the apps always crashes!
excellent program. 👍
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
would have given 5 stars. i love the application. i would have given five stars if it allowed entering of vendor bills. it only allows expenses to be added.
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
so much effort!!. downloaded this to try and make my life easier but setting it up is so much hassle!! can't add my bank account for some reason though i believe i'm typing the right details in  zero replies to my emails for help and whenever i've called for help i end up speaking to someone who obviously has no clue about the app for 30 mins  why is it so difficult?! don't bother.
love it!. this app is great. i can almost do everything i need to on it. great way to check accounts on the go.
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
useless. takes too long to add a simple expense.
. exelent app!!! excellent app it works for my small business if one tech and one office lady.i just can't figure out how to add small items i use to repair i.e. couplings tees nineties and what they fall under. other than that i love this app.
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
latest update is garbage. update: 1620 still a garbage app even after multiple emails back and forth with quickbooks development team and now it’s been weeks since i heard from them the app still don’t work even after new updates app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
. banking is better and easier with the quickbooks app
. it needs customizable products and services. it updates to often.
. leaks your info to several malicious ip addresses. including facebook. sad but true. (no root firewall app)
great for my small business!. all my invoices, sales receipts and estimates right at my finger tips. no need to wait until i have computer access. saves tons of time and i can get paid much quicker!
. working hard to get this goning
won't save receipts. try to record receipts in expenses, just get error message. called the number the message had, person they don't offer support for mobile devices or their app.**** update i did as you requested the day you requested and to date have not heard back from your staff. same issue with samsung 10.1 tablet and s6 phone.
great accounting app. i've been using the quickbooks app for a over a year now and i love how it allows me to stay on top of my business accounting. i love that the app allows me to take a snapshot of my receipts and link them to their corresponding expense transactions within quickbooks.
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
. the service online is terrific. the app errors anytime i try to update from my smartphone for over a month now. support is unresponsive via email.
. this app is super easy to use. love it. idk how many estamates iv created on the fly and converted them to invoices.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
bs you suck!. h8 it when the bastards don't tell you its a trial. free means free you idiots!
great business app. run your business on the go
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
. good app, simple and yet very decent would give 5 stars but the hardware android menu button doesn't do anything. set it to open that side bar, also it needs a speed increase. sometimes it takes over 40 seconds to update. otherwise great app, easy to use. eagerly await updates to this.
. great experience. great results. making me run my business. more efficient
subscription renewal poorly thought out. i have been using qbonline for more than a year. it picked the worst time to time out and demand a subscription renewal. further it requires multiple logins and you must be st your desk top. nothing more frustrating than what amounts to a software crash when you are trying to get things done. huge fail quickbooks
non functional. could not edit invoices, tried to edit terms would not allow very frustrating
works great, but has quirks. i love the convienience of being able to access while on the go from my phone or tablet. i came over from using quickbooks 2013 on my desktop so there was a learning curve and you have to get used to the pause between transactions.
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
another quickbooks app. it gets super frustrating that you guys keep making us download a new app so you can start your reviews over. now your new app doesn’t recognize my account i have to sign in and out multiple times for it to actually load my data
it's happening. the quickbook people are really developing this app and there complete system, from a very poor beginning the app is is really strong now and very functional, please keep up the good work quickbooks people. highly recommended book keeping system.
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
the android app is so diffrent than the ios app.. ios app has the functionality to select multiple items too an estimateorder with the multi select feature. this is missing in android. also before the update, the send comand asked the way we wanted to send the invoice and we can select email, fax application. but with the update it only send with the quickbooks email. cant send by fax anymore. please provide the share option on invoice and estimates atleast.
the best invoice app. very simple to use and helps a lot! i recomend
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
was great and then they updated it. i loved this app when i first got it. i used it all the time for 5 months strait, and then they 'updated' it. now, it's awful. i don't see any of the new features and it is buggy beyond belief. please go back to the older version. this is a joke.
brilliant. excellent accounting software for new small business. only issue i have is that i bought a subscription online and the app keeps telling me to subscribe
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
. intuit sucks! scamming company ran by non english speaking reps. bought simple start 2007 for 125.00 with online access ,etc. in 2010 they ended all support for this software. that is shady. they promise you all these free services and then years later a foreigner informs you that all support has ended. to better serve there newer products. they suck.
if only i could run payroll. the only thing the app is missing is the ability to run payroll from the app. if it had payroll it would be a 5 star app rating.
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
ios 10.01 update...... awful! not user friendly. keeps telling me to update safari to use program. still can't run checks!
good. excellent app. some very slight issues with layout and the occasional page that can't be used on ipad. but overall good. would recommend to others
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
basic functionality. just signed up for quickbooks online. the android app installed fine on my new samsung tablet. no issues running and using app. however, the app is minimal functionality. there is also no good dashboards like the pc or online web version of the program. pretty disappointed being development of such features is not complicated nor expensive for a home dashboard.
. great app
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
doesn't send invoices. my customers stopped receiving invoices from me via email. i have to send it to myself and forward to them. customer service is a joke: they think their clients are stupid, their advices are just ridiculous: are you sure you put the email in the right section? really? i had been sending invoices via email before and they all received them.
easy and convenient. as a first time user, both app and desk top versions of quick is easy to use. moreover, the app makes my life much easier. even when i'm out of the office, invoicing, paying, receiving, and quick views of current status can be done at the fingertips.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
. useful
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. after this last update the app is worse, you can't see your last invoice or overdue invoices, you can't create new invoice or see your customer or create new customer.
. good accounting software. use it mainly for invoices.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
almost useless. the app is good for sending invoices only. don't expect to be able to do any other business on the app. the mobile site is about as good as healthcare.gov. you can look at some things but forget everything else. again good for sending invoices only. i expected more from a established company.
. great software !!!
. how to manage inventory ? i need to know the state of my stock, ie item, quantity, cost etc as the sales goes on how to do that ???
missing allot of simple things. to receive payments i need a computer but to convert estiments only works on the phone really odd service i need it but still don't like it
great wee app. i've had this app a few week very easy to work with.
emailing payment receipt. via the phone app when i email a payment receipt it opens my email app with texts as opposed to sending the pdf payment receipt as it use to do prior to the last 3 updates. this was confirmed by one of the staff from intuit.
. mobil app to slow
. best app
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
does not intergrate with the desk top versions and is way more expensive. i bought the desk top version because i was told the app would work with it. now they are discontinuing the app and forcing users that need mobile access to use this, but it does not share data with the desk top version. it would not be so bad except that i bought and paid for qb for windows 2014 and is substantially more expensive in the long run.
qbo quickstart. i find it user friendly, reasonably easy to pick up and the ability to use it on my phone, ipad or pc is very useful.
. awesome! they still need to improve a bit for the mobile app, as some things are not available on it compared to desktop, but really, i couldn't run my business without quickbooks online
. recently purchased quickbooks and have been locked out. no reply from the qb team. inspite of sending mails and calling their representatives. thanks to qb; it sucks
ipad mini. app works great
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
ios 11 not ready? lot of bugs and crashes. every time i’m make a new invoice it crashes and take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
. i have not been able to sign in to the app on my phone for a few months now. when i select ny company file, it has to think about it for a few minutes then i get a message saying an error has occurred and to try again later. i then can send this to intuit, which i do, but have never once heard back as to what the errorissue is that is not allowing me to sign in.
. game changer. invoicing and tracking expenses just got so easy. it's amazing, and i am only sad i didn't know about it sooner!
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
. brilliant app. works well. intuitive
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
rates have doubled with no appreciable improvement in the system. now i just tried to use the app on an ipad and i cant even generate a journal entry... grrrrrrrrrrrr!
. very simple, easy to use and seamless between desktop and mobil
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
useless. maybe im missing something, but wouldn't the point of accessing you accounting software to be to actually get useful info? you cant even see bank accounts or balances. why have a way to make payments without seeing whats in your accounts?
. really like being able to send invoices and estimates out in the field.
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
poorest customer service i’ve ever experienced. wow quickbooks has done it again making key changes without customer notification changes leave me hanging with no ability to do business then phone calls to customer service are long waits. must be effecting a whole lot of customers just a simple email or cs agent phone call might help. but the changes for worse again. seriously poorest service ever!!
. great app
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
pretty complete finance from your phone. i'm not too sure about the need for a separate app for payroll, but this does work as advertised for the most part.
. we have been using for a couple years now and are very satisfied with the flexibility and reliability of the program. the integration with tsheets is real time saver. highly recommend
". creo está app buena administración de empresas x ese motivo desidi "" instalarla y google como responsable de negocios, se entienda, bien con esta empresa y tiene juegos de lotería de los casinos, también, para yo jugar en ratitos,"
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing i can't create and send my invoice please fix asap
great app. i love it! it keeps everything organized!
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
. extremely limited functionality. disappointing that intuit doesn't wake up to the extended needs of the new mobile app world. despite their efforts, feels like they can't shake the qb desktop mentality.
. best value accounting app hands down
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
. error everytime i log in, and requires password so often. edit: the log in is working, but when i try to add an expense it doesn't save, the same button doesn't work
. so far easy to navigate and set up still learning the system cool so far
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
you need to purchase one per company. if you own multiple companies this software may not work for you. unless you rather pay double and in my case triple for each software per company. highly disappointed and no one that would solve it. regretfully invested.
great. great app, great software all around for my small business!
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
down hill. the app use to be great and every time i launch it it would use finger print to open, but now it is asking for a password every time i shut it down. it only asks for the finger print if the app stays running in the background.
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
the app needs work. the web based service is great, but the app needs work. the tool i need (journal entries) are not available through this app, so it's not very useful.
. awesome app
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
good for invoicing only. i was really looking for an app that i can put receipts for purchases in as i buy things and download later to qb. this is not it
i like it.. this app is very user friendly. and makes it easy have an overview of how things are going, place orders. run quick reports etc.
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
. used to be an ok app, but it hasn't worked at all in several months. every time i open it there's some kind of problem and i should try again later. worthless.
great app. very user friendly. easy to edit and add customers.
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
. i've downloaded this app, uninstalled it, and reinstalled it and it will not allow me to create an account. it continually signs me out and i have to reenter all my information. i'm giving up!
managing partner at green mesa capital, llc. a very useful app. i can do everything i want through this app. in addition, the app has features the browser does not have, like the expense receipt capture.
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
". the banking feature is horrible. i hear it's a problem across the board with androids. while trying to add expenses that have been imported from my bank, the app freezes or crashes. calling quickbooks gave me a generic ""we are working on it"" response but no solution. if they didn't have the market cornered on accounting software i'd use something else. but alas, i'm stuck with the frustration and urge to throw my phone everyday."
keeps getting more user friendly!. the new video tutorials make it easy to learn. the portability of switching between the mobile app and the desktop version online is a priceless feature, thanks for all of your hard work!
tax invoice as per india standard. dear, please give us more invoice style templates as per india stander
ok... like seriously. i’ve used this app for 2019 mileage and expense tracking. but every week i have to reconnect my bank account. like every single week! why?? i don’t have time to do that. fix this! or i’ll be forced to find a better working service!
so easy to go work with!!!. as a new business owner this app makes the process of dealing with the administrative side of it easy and convenient!
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
. cant even login. keeps telling me to restart app amd try again
keeps me connected to my business. the qbo online app is a great compliment to qbo online when i am on the go and do not have access to my laptop or computer. i love the fact that i am always connected to my business even when i have only my mobile phone.
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
can't log i. i haven't been able to log in the past 4 updates _ this was the easiest way for me to mark payment as it was received given the mobility.
. simple and professional.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
incompatible with ios 9. this app is great in ios 8 and even supports touch id. however, it does not work in ios 9 and needs an immediate update.
great app. love it real simple to use!!!
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
. inconsistent.. can't access my file through the app today. keeps force closing after authentication. not really good enough intuit!
. sole trader; i was spending hours on spreadsheets before finding this app. it has frozen a couple of times at inopportune moments but overall great. the ability to create a purchase order on my phone is the only missing link so far. 5 stars!
please add delayed charges. i like this app, but i mostly do my bookkeeping at my desktop. delayed charges are something i would like to add on the fly, using mobile. please add!!
broke!. worked perfect but for some reason it doesn't at at all anymore. crashes at login. i have deleted and reinstalled same issue. this is costing me time and money. really stinks.
. convenient, but i wish i were more familiar with business accounting. not for beginners.
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
brutal support and comparability. currently looking for another accounting solution. the intentional limitations and total lack of cooperation with the support team leads me to the opinion that all positive reviews are fake. epic fail intuit.
great companion app to the main qbo. i like this app a lot. it really helps run my business and to continually update my main desktop app.
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
easy to use and keeps me updated. works great on my s4.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
. data always not updated. when try to update manually, it takes a very long time.
. great! i like the ability of generating an invoice without a computer.
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use! still not working! uninstalling for now! i hope that you fix it!
j’aime!. it’s a great app. i love it!
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
. can't view financial report when i use android phone, could you fix it?
small bussines tool. perfect! for on people with small businesses that are on the go. this app makes my life easier! i totally wish it was cheaper!
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
dont use free bank transfer!. it says you will receive funds in 23 business days but they don’t tell you it will take 23 days until they process it and then another 23 days to process it to your account. would have been worth the 3 hour drive to pick up the check. don’t use the free bank transfer just tell customers to transfer bank to bank instead of using quickbooks accounting bank transfers.
great. helps me track all of my business needs from estimates and invoicing to financing. great app!
owner. love the program i am having problems inputing my desktop customers and previous business information. called the help desk and still waiting forba fix
not very good. there seems to be issues here. a lot of errors with login on this updated app. as well as having to wait so long for funds to be deposited. not happy
amazing app!. very good app! helps you learn a lot about coding!
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
love it. so easy to use and fantastic customer support for those of us who are not good at this kind of thing, would highly recommend quickbooks for all small businesses, we love that being online we can have it on all our devices and have what ever we need on hand all the time, no more leaving quotes at home! invoicing on the run is great too.
. with the newest update cannot reliably attach receipts! although a long time user, will be unsubscribing soon if not corrected.
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2017 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays last years (2016) scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. just another step to my day to day book keeping tasks...
good but can be better. like that i can update bank info. does double entry sometimes.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
rubbish. absolutely rubbish since the last update . keeps crashing on iphone xr. screen message = app needs to close due to critical updates. happens 2030 x times a day when trying to set up an invoice estimate etc. test your updates before release you them, you idiots!
very easy to use and good app. very easy to use and good app
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
hideous to use on smartphones. before accessing, must always get email code, and switching screens hides quickbooks application. then, can't access checking account balances. very typical of a quickbooks experience.
. this just makes things so much easier to keep track of and you give customers more, and easier ways to pay.
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
bugs and bugs it a jungle. need to be able to email multiple emails at one time.
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
no more bank sync?. used to be able to sync to bank in qbo. please bring it back! 37 did refresh but still no bank tab like in qbo with balance?
mobile access. when i am waiting for kids or train etc i am still able to post and make hanged using the ipad or iphone and very convenient
. would be a 5 star is the mobile app scanned and allowed multi page receipts and used ocr to recognize amounts categories etc to short data entry
horrible!! worst waste of space ever!. would give negative stars if i could. absolutely horrible app, can't do a damned thing; can't enter or edit or view bills, can't enter new customers, can't enter new or edit existing invoices, can't enter new expenses or edit existing, can't enter or edit payments. can't figure out what this is supposed to do except take up space and cause frustration. do not waste your time downloading. like others said, use excel and a shoebox.
. good so far only on trial run right now
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
"gary. customers complain that they cannot see your company's remittance address and are confused by the presence of a ""pay now"" button which doesn't work unless your company subscribes to additional services and fees."
fantastic app for a superb product!!. i've been using quickbooks since i began my private voice and piano studio. i am able to easily track invoices and payments and send reminders to my students and their parents. the app has helped me save time when adding payments so i can focus my time on my students. i also love how i can send receipts and reminder invoices even when i am on the run! definitely a 5 star product & app!
description is misleading. there is no way to enter or see expenses in this app and of course no way to attach receipt pictures to these expenses. you can enter expenses using computer and attach picture of receipt there, but not in this app. if you need a plug in to do that, why not to say so? or just remove missing components from description.
. indian user is not allowed
best way to handle your business needs. great app
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
needs improvement. i just started using this app while traveling. it doesn’t compare to the site on my pc. very unfriendly and difficult to impossible to bring up to date.much incomplete data. need to go to work on this one of its to be useful.
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses. all from my phone
we are using this with the construction side of our business and so far the customer service has been wonderful. there are things missing or not working but customer service had said they are working on getting them added or fixed. makes it really easy for our employees in the field to create invoices and send them to clients as well as receive payments. will change to five stars when missing components are added.
". update 101619: still useless as constant login issues persist, why use the app if i constantly have to uninstallreinstall + clear cachedata. constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
. very useful
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
great for my small business. getting used to generating invoices and managing the books. perfect for me.
not free. unless i missed it this app says free. when you try to utilize it, it asks for $$$. if i'm wrong i will change the review immediately.
drafting estimates. when drafting estimates, system should auto save as many times hours of work is erased if you don’t constantly save before stepping away. in addition when you click the description box there should be an undo button in case it grabs all the text and it gets erased by pressing any button in accident. two very simple and logical things.
ease of use app. loving to use app on phone writing invoices.
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
. dashboard won't even populate. menu button doesn't work. i can only see recent activity. i can not use the app at all!!!!
. great app for small business. easy to use and saves me a ton of time doing my accounting. accounts payable and receivable couldn't be easier. i really like the free bank transfer option i can provide my customers in their invoices. taxes are quicker and easier thanever everything is in one place and no more collecting receipts. i highly recommend quickbooks to anyone running a small business.
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
. intuit sucks! scamming company ran by non english speaking reps. bought simple start 2007 for 125.00 with online access ,etc. in 2010 they ended all support for this software. that is shady. they promise you all these free services and then years later a foreigner informs you that all support has ended. to better serve there newer products. they suck.
thumbs up for the business help!!!. take the time to go through the tutorials and this is an amazing app to help with any small business!!!
. you should make the interface exactly the same as the desktop version. we don't mind paying more for online, knowing that we constantly get updates, and logon capabilityfrom any computer and can have the online backups. but having the desktop vs online being totally different and opposite from eachother is annoying. i will give 5 stars when this changes.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
. it is very nice application, i like it, but we wish in future to be supported by arabic language so we can fit new rules issuing invoices in both english an arabic
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
. wonderful app! extremely helpful when needing to createsend an invoice on the fly
ok, room for improvement. quickbooks needs to build in a way to enter time via mobile devices. why have an app for quickbooks for mobile devices if you cannot enter your time in on the fly?
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
nice app. best app for running a business from a tablet.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
good but............... this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
best app ever!. as a business owner on the go, this app saved me lots of time and money. highly recommend it to small business owners like me who need to keep their books update while on the go. professional invoicing and end of the year reports for taxes are a life saver. everything on the cloud so no need to worry about loosing file. i love it!
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
easy to use. great app. very happy with it
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
switching between account requires logout and login. so annoying, especially since there is no support for touch id. why can't you let us switch from within the app?
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. i love the update with the option to deposit money in different accounts
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
easy to use. a very easy to use software that is cloud based with a great phone app. i’ve been using this for some time now and it evolves every year. most for the best. a helpful help call centre should you have any problems. 4 stars as i don't believe you can back this up
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
new version stinks. one of the main reasons i use the app is so that i can pull up my customers entire transaction history when i'm out in the field. the previous version did that beautifully. other problems as well.
awesome app!:. this is perfect for on the go invoices and quotes for businesses.
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
can't even register. server error when creating company 1000x sgxs5 + sgxts (lollipop)
. setup is easy. can't imagine running my business without it. accessible from mobile, desktop and tablet from anywhere. all of my accounts appear seamlessly in qb. started with enterprise edition and switched to online edition. more in tune with my needs. highly recommended it for business operations. shows reports in real time.
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
doesnt seem to work on lg g4. cant even log in to the app.raised it with quickbooks support over a month and we still cant seem to get it working
jackrabbit. enjoy using this app. would like to see more options on bank balances
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
incomplete functionality. there's no way to run a report, print it to a pdf and mail it to someone, or even save the report to storage, as far as i can see. i'm on the road, want to send the balance sheet to one of my colleagues, but can't see any way to do this from the app.
mr. brilliant app
. great but i would like to be able to customise the quote and invoice templates and a bit disappointed that the mileage tracking is not part of this its a different app with it's own cost otherwise great
". getting this message last 3 days. ""there was a problem syncing your data. wait a few minutes and try again"". please fix this"
smart. smart move to have quickbooks for a small business owner. makes it easier to do my job  one man show !!!! ces lico
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
. can't get any email response from quickbooks. bad customer service. i want to download my account transactions but no reply from quickbooks.
business owner must have. great app to work on the go. create, modify and email invoices. keep track of anything financial on your handheld device. fully automated office on the go for the busy self employed entrepreneur.
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
thanks qbo. i have upgrade to plus but my note3 can't review bills & purchase order. pls advise.
much help. other then the normal bugs, this program works well and is easy to work with. nothing in this life is perfect but they strive to make it so. thank you staff of quick books. keep up the good work. peace & blessings.
. all selfemploy business need a quickbook to hepl delivered business closure with your busines transaction .
app crashes on ios13.0 & 13.1. i’ve just updated the app and it’s still crashing on ios13.0 and also 13.1. i have tried to make contact with the developers via the support page but it also loads to blank pages after opening chat.
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses. all from my phone
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck. all fixed. awesome work!!!!!
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
great app. super friendly and sweet app
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
sign in error. can't even sign in anymore. tried on multiple devices so i know it's not my phone. please fix
impressed.. very impressed with how far intuit has taken the qb online product, and this app is a nice extension of that! all the talk of cloud and mobile being the future..is now thanks to this cloud product. i refer many accountants in my network the qbo accountant version, which is the best solution for most small businesses in my opinion.
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
glitchy. only problem is if you’re doing a live estimate or invoice, if your screen goes idle this app makes you log in again and you lose all the information you’ve typed in. super annoying especially when you’re measuring out a house or doing a walk through with a client and entering information as you go.
great software for small business.. only complaint is that i'm always greeted by a pop up, asking me to rate the app, which i grow weary of, so here i am.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your laptop or desktop.
crap. this app is a piece of crap my dad got it on our computer.when u scroll it goes the opposite way and there is also a bunch of other crap. i would. it recommend getting this
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
nice app. works better than the online version
love it, but. i love the app, but different devices have different functions. some things i have to do on the laptop. the internet version will crash and i have to reload it. not sure if its my internet connection or not. it is helping me get more organized and ready for 041516, ugh!
don't waste your time. everything is centred at getting your secure bank details. so they can send it off somewhere unsecure. total waste of time. smooth to use but practical use is zero. for example you can not input expenses on the go. what's the point of the app then? so many little drawbacks. at this stage intuit should have had these things covered.
. very efficient and works great on my tablet.
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
didn't work for me. kept getting an error that i don't have an online account. yet it asks me to verify and gives me my cell or email to verify with.
. works great for me sending invoices and receiving money
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
doesn’t work like the app on a pc. the fact that the apps are not the same on a pc than on the ipad or mobile is frustrating. can’t see running totals on the register, can’t add transactions the same way, etc. and the kicker is the website version doesn’t work at all on the ipad, can’t scroll through the register because scroll bars are absent in chrome or safari. horrible adaptation and makes the ipad useless to conduct accounting business with quickbooks...
makes it easy. i love the easy to use format and more professional looking invoices and estimates. and the format saves me a lot of time filling out forms. before i was hand writing the estimate, scanning and then emailing from my computer at home. qb does all that from my phone. it works very well for my small business.
where is the payroll functionality?!?!. the app seems to intentionally not include payroll functionality, that’s what i need most! f
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
easy to use. i found it very convenient to use from anywhere i m
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
ran into unsupported transactions within 1 minute.. the app is difficult to navigate, bloated and slow, using a ton of wireless data. the app would be much better as multiple singlefunction apps. i mean, do i really need to log in to qb to snap a pic of a receipt and submit it for later? typical quickbooks bad experience. very disappointing.
. this app is very useful for my shop for trak inventory item and gst purpose and more
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
unusable on ipad pro. was intending to transfer all of my business computing over to my more than capable ipad pro. intuit seems to have other ideas. unable to run my business with the quickbooks software with the app or through the browser. a very unsatisfactory situation having my computing need dictated by intuit. will change software as soon as practical.
dig it!. i mainly use the app for looking at financials, but the invoicing, reporting, and such is great too.
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
. signed up to app. no clear pricing. my invoice had vat numbers all over it but i'm not vat registered. seems impossible to take vat number off invoices. customer service very slow and hard to get though to. no tel number.
love the app. excellent app just wish you guys would add the ability to turn on quantity while leaving rate off in estimates and invoices
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
. dashboard unable to load after dozens of reinstalls, reboots and even on another phone entirely. ever since the new redesign the app has been riddled with intermittent loading of the dashboard to now nonexistent. tmobile, oneplus 6t tmobile, samsung galaxy note 10+
. excellent app
. great app except one thing... why is intuit nickel and dimming us for tools and apps. i can understand pay extra for using the payroll feature in the actual program but paying for an app is stupid. if they made this app free i would be will to bet sales for software and online versions would increase more than enough to pay for the app development and running costs. other than that, great app.
"it was good no it's just horrible. i used to be able to update my invoices from my phone and now it just locks me out. it also used to show when customers viewed my invoices but now it keeps saying ""it might not be up to date"". after 7 years with them. i'm going to find a new pos at the beginning of the year."
contractor. amazing product for having customers and businesses on point and updated on the spot
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
. live this app
quickbooks online. 80% of business can be done from smartphone including invoicing and expenses.
not user friendly. it probably wouldn't be bad if i kept a spreadsheet handy while i was away from my computer so i could reference invioce and estimate numbers with addresses. it kind of defeats the purpose though.
great app. this does everything i need it to do!
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so.
fantastic. easy to use on all my mobile devices. makes small business operations much easier when you cannot afford office staff.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
. small business owner. this app is terrible, do not not rely on it. does not work well on android devices, no matter how many times the browser is reset along with strong data connection.
. very good and useful software.
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
half way. all i really want is something i can scan in my receipts with. they say they have this feature but they don’t. even the free wave accounting app has this feature and now i’m left wondering what the point of paying for this service is with an alternative such as wave.. not looking like i’ll be bothering to continue after this free trial if they can’t compete with a free alternative otherwise quite functional.
making life easy. qbs has enabled me as an absolute novice to business manage the financials of all components of my business. the ability for my accountant to look in and assist were necessary and conduct tax admin such as bas preparation has been such a relief. making life easy in small business is a welcome capability.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
. does want to launch properly on huawei p30. android version 9 please assist.
. great app
expensebill data missing in app. expense and bill data is not available in the iphone app while accessible online. what is the meaning of the app when i can't see any of my vendor bills or company expenses. development team???
. after upgrading to lg g6 the app no longer works. can't even get it to load. reinstalled, rebooted still nothing.
excellent app for small business owners!. has helped my business tremendously and makes us more efficient even on the go! love it!
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
was great and then they updated it. i loved this app when i first got it. i used it all the time for 5 months strait, and then they 'updated' it. now, it's awful. i don't see any of the new features and it is buggy beyond belief. please go back to the older version. this is a joke.
touch id rules. much easier to login now.
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
why bother?. don't understand why they bothered developing this app? much more functionality available using safari and logging into quickbooks!
landscaping on the run. always busy. not a lot of time set aside for paperwork. i'm loving the convenience of this app
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
. doesn't have any of the essential functions.
time saver, makes everything simple. thus app saves time and allows for doing simple tasks on the go making my church more accurate and efficient
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
paid for itself in one hour. after a long, frustrating search for a robust but simpletouse accounting platform for my growing fitness business, i came across quickbooks and have been exuberant ever since. my invoices go out on time, expenses go in live, and it even tracks my inventory. paid for itself in the first hour. highly recommend.
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
. extremely happy with qb online. from invoicing to expense tracking to customer payments via electronic check or credit cards all at my finger tips. any device 247365. best business decision for accounting needs.
great app but sign in issues. wont let me sign in anymore keeps sayin error restart app.
. this app hacked my phone and when i uninstalled it it reinstalled itself and destroyed my phone, do not install this app
great app. one of the best app on my ipad. great for auto repair invoicing. +++++
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. horrible
work. great app especially for small businesses
good but. it would be great if you could take a photo of a receipt instead of having to scan and save to a location on the phone
just ok. your misleading us when you say i can run my entire business from my phone. try opening an invoice with an employees time added. i also cannot enter time.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
it’s great. although this program works incredibly well and i’m happy to of used it for the past two years… i would love to do an annual subscription, pay my payment once a year and carryon.
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
. awesome app works well
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
. better on desktop, was hard to use
. great app
good functionality but slow to load. great functionality, good app but it takes too long to load. i don't need the homescreen with current activity to load each time. i just want to add an invoice.
. i was not aware that you needed their main subscription of $25 per month to access this extra monthly charge. also i am still being charged my one month payment for thinking i could use this on my andeoid only and signing up. not impressed for a co.pany i worked with their software for years. now like microsoft, it's a money grab with subscriptions. sad. loved them for years.
. brilliant app
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
error. error showing while signing in
mostly simple app. mostly simple app. only issue is posting payments to invoice within app but online no problem.
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
deposits take too long. overall the app is convenient for clients to pay me, but it takes entirely too long for deposits to be posted to my account.
love quickbooks. just what we needed. we started a company a year ago and wish we had used quickbooks right from the beginning. it's simple to use and powerful enough to do everything we need to run the accounts effectively.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
a very awesome easy to use tool!. a very awesome easy to use tool! my accountant loves it.
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
phone app fail. what ever opinion you have of qbo ... the phone app fails. it will not let you see the estimates and invoices for a customer. they exist, in your system but they do not show up in the app. everything else.... any other feature discussion... it's all irrelevant. if you can't view basic customer info, the app fails.
awesome. works great never had an issue with yet to date
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. the app is horrible. doesn't update ky information, ia like a month behind. very frustrating. you are good at billing me every month, that part is up to date🙄.
qb app. excellent app is very funcional
overall but problems. overall works well for small business. a lot of problems with checking account and credit card connections. one i am still going to have to sort through to make sure transactions weren't missed, as it only loads back 90 days. and you get no notification if an account suddenly disconnects. its a mess but customer service is good and they work with you well.
not working properly after update. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. why did you replace the pin with passcode? i don’t want to log into my iphone, ever. all i need secured is my qb app and the pin worked just fine for that. with this update i can login successfully once every 2030 attempts. intuit, test your updates before you release them!!!
very good app. give the ability to capture signatures and it will be great.
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
doesn't sync. app doesn't sync with qb, banking features (adding expenses, vendors) also doesn't sync with online site.
great start. app is perfect for a small business. the sooner you get organized using the app the less work you have to do down the road. love it
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
. login with google sign on sends me out to my browser then asks for password creation. continuous loop back to app then back to browser. have not been able to log in once. followed directions online for help still unable to sign in. no other app does this. guess im stuck using my desktop for quickbooks. may have to look into an alternative.
business owner. this is a great product ! i don't know how i would keep my business organized without it. also customer services is awesome. this is a must have app!!!!
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
touch id does not work. i have it checked and yet when i load the app it keeps asking for password. pointless, just remove touch id as an option since it does not work as it should.
great and easy to use. anyone can figure it out! nice, fast, and easy. qbo has been a big upgrade for our company
. all new version is awesome this app is awesome! when intuit separated the quickbooks mobile app from this quickbooks online app they fixed a bunch of bugs and added a ton of features. if you have a quickbooks online subscription you need this app!
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
awesome. great app for the ipad. i hate complicated software a to tract my work. this ones the most user friendly app i've come across. great recommendation. 5*****'s
. very good program, other than the price has went up 3 times this year.........getting expensive.......started at $12 a month and now at $25
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
great app. quickbooks online is great with the addition of this app to keep track of your business finances
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
. superb app
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your laptop or desktop.
"cheap. it's one of those slickly apps that pops up in your search result which is filtered to show only free apps. after you waste your time downloading and signing up, it tells you to start your free ""trial""."
best way to keep track of your expenses. i love this it works very well a little hard to learn but very simple to use what you learn how to do it i use it to track all my business expenses and it works perfectly i love the touch id lot it keeps everything very secure you cannot go wrong with this i absolutely recommend it for small business owners and businesses in general
. i'm an owner operator in the trucking industry n i'm new at this so i have one question.witch qb is better for wat i do qb accounting:invoicing n expenses or qb self employed:mileage tracker n taxes
. unless you are truly tech savvy avoid this app since finding help was as bad as getting help from fb or instagram in my opinion.
. great for small business. easy to learn.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month.
great app. the app is great for on the move and for keeping you up to date on invoice payments, you believe you can invoice from the app but we only use it for day to day updates
sssloooow so very slow. latest update takes forever to load splash screen about 8 seconds then face id happens fast then loading data: no problems. just takes for ever on the front side to get going.
". app for android stinks. only loads a few visible parts and if you try to update an invoice, originally entered on the desktop, it will ""zero out"" the parts not found on the app (causing invoicing discrepancies). ayou also can't upload attachments to invoices (which i use frequently in my business). until intuit can make their app consistent with the desktop version it is unusable for mobility."
please add photo ability. please add the ability to upload photos to products and services! you have no idea how much that would simplify my life for me. please! other than that big issue (for me) i'm pretty happy with the way the app works  does all i need it to, except above mentioned issue.
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
. worst app ever. at best there is a 30 second lag when opening the app, at worst it freezes my phone up and i have to restart the whole phone. the app doesn't display most of my customer transactions. awful, ill be finding a new cloud based accounting service.
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
. so slow to picture receipts and save as a note!!! just scanning 6 invoices took about 20 minutes. nightmare.
qbo. pretty great app, i hope they add some additional features; like printing a pick list, and a few other things.
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
. it's been years and the login still fails 80% of the time. have to clear data in the app just to login. it's a nightmare.
qbo saved my books. this app is a great extension to the desktop, cloud based program. everything you need in the palm of you hand and more.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
update ruined a great small business tool. quickbooks use to be an awesome tool to let us send invoices after a job is completed on the spot. it also allowed a user to edit payment information anywhere via the mobile app. this is now all gone thanks to the new update. if it is not fixed soon, we are looking into transferring our accounts to another system.
ease!. makes likes easy as i'm out with clients, i can look up their invoices quickly and get information fast. user friendly. sometimes better than using the web version.
crashing. 4.0+ crashes on startup on cm13. however 3.9 works fine.
why bother?. don't understand why they bothered developing this app? much more functionality available using safari and logging into quickbooks!
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
worthless app. i was excited to find this app and, unfortunately, downloaded it. i really cannot figure out what is good for other than creating invoices. confusing when you open the app, it does not get better as you get into it, not that there is anything to get into. i run a small non profit & just found this app useless, except for taking up space. what a pity as i have been a qb user for years.
longtime quickbooks user. always pleased with the updates. best program i've used. very user friendly
program not working. i pay itunes for subscription. i pay directly to them and my program is not accessible to me because it says is expired. i make a case with them 1 mouth ago. create another case 2 days ago. and still i am not able to use the program. payed buy me 2 times (direct to them and itunes). do not use this program you will regret like me.
limited features. good app but still too many features missing that require logging in to the website. e.g. vat and paying salaries as expenses.
. it works so great to do invoices and sales receipts right at the construction job site.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
reduced feature set. previous version:the feature set of the web based app is not matched. (previous mentioned currency and time records). update: removed a lot of preexisting functionality and did not add any missing functions. much worse than before. cannot find a list of invoices due to a supplier. clicking on a particular supplier brings up only the address particulars.
. superb just need to upgrade to a better version..
. looks really good but not for me as i don't send enough invoices so not worth paying for. if i had more business and earnt more money then it would be perfect. but for someone who does cleaning a couple of times as a week not worth paying. shame there isn't a free version.
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day. unnecessary steps required for multiple entries, should use 'save and next.'
love it!. so simple to use… i absolutely love this app!
. preparing to start a business and this software was rated the best. i took a 5 day class for 4hours. i was so happy that i downloaded this app and used in class too.
this is useless for invoicing. useless: on the product list it only shows first two words and the ..... i have multiple variations in same item. i can’t search product with sku, when i search by name it only shows first two words and then dots. i cant add the exact product on invoice. so its useless.
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
tax invoice as per india standard. dear, please give us more invoice style templates as per india stander
more of a headache than a help. registered online, used same login info for the app, and the app says it's a free trial. online service not communicating well with app and i was hoping to use the app most of the time. sigh.
love it!!!. i am a tile contractor and use this app everyday. i love the latest update where the customer can sign the estimate.
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
. completely useless. tracks payments and deposits, but when you try and generate the year end report all items are zero. it doesn't tabulate for some reason. don't buy. complete waste of money.
getting better. they've agressively added functionality over the past year...becoming a more complete app!
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
cannot use non us address. quickbooks accountant online cannot he used for locations outside the us
. very helpful. great job on the app
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
after ios 13 update. after updating to ios 13 the app is not opening and i couldn’t use it.... please look into it and give us a solution
"amazing for my business. i wouldn't know where i would be running my own business without this app. it truly gives an ""on the go"" experience and aided with other tools i can work anywhere in the world. thanks quickbooks!!"
. good app but even just a few days in i can see areas the app needs improvement
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
well thought out. very user friendly!!. very satisfied.!!👍👍
. o app é bom, mas ou é uma bug ou é propaganda enganosa, porque diz ser r$13,99 por mês e ao clicar para assinar o preço vai para r$48
. i have trouble logging in the app won't let me it keeps saying my password is incorrect and i've reset it so many times and nothing works.
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
. excellent app
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
switching between companies. how come i cannot switch companies? cannot run p&l and balance sheet based on dates?
. very user friendly!
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
no longer works on ipad. this app is no longer functioning as of the most recent update. it used to work on the ipad. the camera feature is difficult to use when trying to take a picture of receipt. it doesn't allow me to record payments any longer. please fix.
it's a win. if your a small business like me, this app is a must.
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
lame. i don't understand how anyone can make an app that isn't fully functional on an ipad.
book keeping made easy. with constant updates this is the go to program for my business! this app assists in daily activity and allows me to be on the move.
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
. wow. can't even describe how annoyed i am right now. this app is horrible. it wouldn't even allow me to complete the account creation process. i attempted 5 times and no luck, so i'm leaving this review and uninstalling it now. get to work quickbooks, this is disgraceful.
love this app. awesome
timed out....... worked for 2 hours on typing big estimate, session timed out, lost everything, how is this able to happen? we send people to the moon in 1969 yet we can’t safeguardprevent this app from wasting hard work and precious time. it’s the first time i thought i could throw my ipad into the next county. fix this stupidity
app stopped loading after ios update. please fix
. great app
love it but..... seems like new technology with some bugs. also some reciprocity issues with what can be done on app as opposed to phone. i know intuit will refine and well worth it. it is helping me streamline my business networking system!!! love it and look forward to giving a 5 star in couple years!
incredibly glitchy. the app is glitchy despite updates. i’m not super impressed by intuit in general. i use their payroll for my business, a lot of glitches there too. app crashes or spontaneously exits my selections to “accept” for no reason and i have to start over. does not learn well, i have to reteach things over and over.
love tracking expenses.. being able to expenses right at the gas pump just makes sense. taking photos of receipts just makes things easier i wish i would've left the desktop app a while ago.
accept button. accept button in banking is not working after update. it is now working :)
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
amazing. i haven't seen smart accounting software like this 👍🏼
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
. very slow app
. great app for small business
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
if it worked.... won't load my bank balance in the app i have to do it on the laptop, it's frozen twice and can't connect to qb online. had it 12 hours so far
so easy!. keeping my books and budget up to date is so simple now. no more hurriedly scratched reminder notes that end up getting lost or having to wait to update my registers. great app!
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. needs registers and accounts
review. not quite as intuitive as i expected but otherwise useful app
i can use my phone and ipad!. had the desktop version for years and loved it! always updated every couple of years and learned the new changes. then went to online version, little less features but was more mobile. now i have it at the office, or anywhere! some features are still a work in progress  like receiving payments, but this quickbooks team has been developing and updating since the beginning. great accounting software!
stopping subscription. originally a useful app, but keeps crashing following the most recent update on 27.09. will have to stop subscription and find something that works, so whats the point in updating the app if you lose customers?
. awesome app. very handy very easy to use. highly recommended!.
. not the smoothest running game app
would be great if it worked like it should. i keep getting error message 6000 when trying to save a new client on my ipad not sure what the heck that is but can't find anything online that discusses it.
qbo app. great to know i can do invoices etc on the go.
. you have to pay and i am looking for a free app to do my stuff
. full time hang and not working properly
. very good app
invoicing. i'm sending invoices easily!
. doesn't work
great app. i love the app
great but needs some updates. just recently i am unable to log in to my company. i can get on to my online account, but not on the app?? says my email and password isn’t found?
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. 1.3.20 still hate it no ""billable button"". zero stars"
quick booksuseful app..!. it is amazing and very useful to me...and can you please tell what are the services we can access?
. love my quickbooks online, but this app lacks the one feature i need. i'm an attorney and want to be able to add single time activities. it's often when i am out and about that i need to capture some time, and this app would make all the difference.
signature doesn't work with ios 9. my signature for my invoices that i need to get paid on no longer works with ios 9. still no update!
. the app keeps me up to date because i can work anywhere with my phone
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
still waiting for receipt feature to work. i have made multiple inquiries about the receipt expense feature not working and they haven't even responded let alone fixed the issue. this has been happening for over a year.
. great app saved me lots of time
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
unable to login via iphoneipad. every time i try and login from my iphone or ipad it tells me no account associated with the given information. but when i login via a web browser with the exact same information i have no problem. basically defeating the purpose of the app. fix asap please
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
a handy little companion but it wont replace the website. a number of features from the web portal are missing such as matching bank transactions but its ok to use simply to check your chart of accounts and to record expenses.
quickbooks  issues and problems. i thought this may be reputable like the brand. boy am i surprised. can't even call to get proper support. they think that a 48 hours turnaround on a request is acceptable these days...for your important accounting software. give others a look first, this online version is lacking what the desktop has.
simple to use. easy to use and cuts out all the paperwork and spreadsheets
missing time activities feature. this app is pretty good for the most part, however, it is missing the time activities feature like on the browser based software. please add this feature!!
. bank feeds never update. been telling me to check back in a couple of hours for 3 days. resync doesn't work. completely useless without updated banking information. uninstalling and never returning. stick to the web browser bc this app is a waste of my time and space!
great for mobile services. i'm a computer technician and i use this to send a invoice or estimate for clients. quickbooks has a brand name which is good when you email your clients a invoice, it looks very professional. the best thing about this app is the cloud base syncing of your invoice, clients, income and expenses. it's worth the money if you want good quality invoices for your clients.
lots of shortcomings. qo is great and this app is ok. too bad so many features are missing
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer service (james refusing a last name or initial from customer care) experience, nothing resolved. no response from error logs. called and even gave control of my computer. never did intuit offer any fix. ongoing issues over 6 months damaging my business.
. i use this app for my small business, and it's fantastic everything i need and then some. all in an affordable package,and it's simple to use also.
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
if it wasn’t broken, it would be much better.. when i launch this app on any of my devices, i get an error in the app that says “unable to get all of your quickbooks data pull down to refresh your page.”
good app for accounting students. thanks quickbooks team 👍
expenses. how do add an expense thats on a 30 or 60 day account?
. the app is not updating on my phone
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
works great!!. using quickbooks since the past 6 months now. great software, thanks. :)
new to quickbooks. i decided to switch my established business from square to quickbooks and so far i have no complaints. it’s fairly easy to use. the only thing i’m currently waiting on is for my transactions to clear and be deposited which takes about a week since i’m new. should be a breeze after that.
can't do my expenses on the app. i've started using quickbooks a few months ago. all was going ok but now i can't do my expenses on my app anymore. can't take pictures of my receipts to add them to my expenses. i contacted them and they said they are dealing with it but still no luck after a few weeks waiting. very frustrating. all other functions are working fine though. depe
professional it consultant. i recommend this app for smb, especially when you're out of the office a lot.
. not perfect but eliminates laptop in the field. latest update makes it too easy to duplicate transactions.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
love it. love this app. makes business so easy!
. it doesn't have a feature that allows to also monitor the business on the pc, i mean webversion linked to the app.
waste of resources. so you have just put out an update saying how exciting that you have changed the layout and fonts... big whoop!! how about getting the program right first. as in the features that the web version do. bundled items can’t be seen or edited in the app you have to log into the web interface. etc etc. posting a premium rate per month yet you can’t add basic features. priority people!! oh wow a new font .... pfffft! :(
great app. very easy to use voice to text is amazing can't believe i hadn't done this sooner.
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
. i have not been able to log into the app. i keep receiving an error message indicating i need to install the latest version, but it is already installed. i even attempted uninstalling and reinstalling, to no avail.
. love it! i'd love to learn more about how to fully utilize it but it's pretty simple to use. and that very key!
. good app but even just a few days in i can see areas the app needs improvement
. not bad if all you need is basic access and are happy to ignore or correct inconsistencies in the web interface after. there are a lot of data fields missing in product and customer creation. you can't view or create purchase orders and no data regarding them is included in the activity and dashboard views. not a lot of development and improvement in over a year.
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
easy to use. really like the app because i can keep up with accounting on the go for my business.
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
. similar issues as gillian, dashboard blank, constant error messages on mobile. i also ended up accidentally reinstalling a slightly different version and was paying double!! i didn't realize there were two very similar apps!! i also uninstalled reinstalled and it didn't fix issue. i am currently trying to figure out how to recover all the expenses and photo's of receipts for the tax season.
. great program for everyday needs of running our landscaping business
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
. so many times it's hard to save invoices, cause frustration, i'm sorry tanks
great app!. very useful and convenient app.
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
nothing works!  waste of money!. on ios: keeps crashing, totally unusable. on safari on mac: tells me to update to the latest version of safari, even though i am on the latest version! what an embarrassmentuseless company!
. good app.
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
ads and limited features. it’s a hassle to figure out how to say no to the ads without accidentally buying something. that applies to ipad and web version. the ipad has limited features compared to the web version. if you pay for qb online, you will forever be a small business, working for intuit.
. works well. user friendly.
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
could not login. couldn't login. just unistalled. seems they haven't fixed this issue yet.
works like it should. the app works like you would expect it to and i have nothing but good things to say about quickbooks support!
. with the newest update cannot reliably attach receipts! although a long time user, will be unsubscribing soon if not corrected.
. mediocre app.
very useful!. this app allows me to send clients a sales receipt as soon as they hand me the cash, invaluable when visiting clients.
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
. great app! very convenient. it's actually functional.
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
. great app that allows you to run your business on the go!
. o app é bom, mas ou é uma bug ou é propaganda enganosa, porque diz ser r$13,99 por mês e ao clicar para assinar o preço vai para r$48
no multi currency = useless. i enabled multicurrency on my quickbooks account, which you can not revert once applied. and now i find that when i log into the app, it won’t show transactions or customers that use anything other than my base currency. useless. utterly useless.
constantly improving. great to see the new features, look forward to some more. smart, effect and smooth operations in all aspects of the software.
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
needs work. this app has a lot of functionality, but lacks consistancy with the web version. as it is today, i can't send an invoice from this app which looks the same as i send from the web version. if what the customer sees becomes consistant i could give more stars.
. awesome app!
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
getting too flaky. i’ve been a subscriber for about 2 years now but am now randomly getting locked out of the app where it thinks i don’t have a subscription! i’ve reported the issue , it always gets resolved but then returns ! went to do my accounts and quotes this weekend and guess what .... i’m locked out ... again! is that acceptable for a business app ! definitely not.
fantastic software !. this has made my life a whole lot easier. invoice and estimates on the go. i really feel in control of my accounts.
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
. the desktop app is great, the mobile android one is bad, it freezes all thr time, crashes, doesn't work.
. very good app handy
intuit quickbooks. software
can't log in?. login problems because i used turbotax. it says i already have an account but won't let me log into quickbooks because i don't have an account!?!
. great accounting app ,totally recommended!!!
onion vs. desktop. i have just purchased the desktop version. i would.like to use the app to record my expenses on the fly. from what i can tell you need to have an online account to do so. please help if there is a way.
slow. very slow
. great app, should let you see vendors as well
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
cannot input supplier invoices you have to upgrade. bought quickbooks for our subsidiary business, input invoices, pay suppliers etc to find out you can’t actually input supplier invoices unless you upgrade! so from £11.99 a month to £18.99 a month just to input purchase, very odd
great book keeping app. use this app with the online version at home. very happy with it indeed. support could be a little better. but support is adequate. been using it for a couple of years and i'm very pleased.
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
awful. it worked on my casio commando for a year and was great for mobile invoicing and keeping track of who owed what. then i had to uninstall and reinstall and it to try and correct problem with one customer that was showing different balance on phone then pc. it hasn't worked since. i can't log on. it looks like an updated version that doesn't work with my phone. i've sent multiple error logs. waiting for help.
great on the move!. really easy to use, keeps my accounts up to date all the time, so much easier than finding time when i'm back home! clients get invoices instantly and i keep on top of payments and expenses. first class
. all new version is awesome this app is awesome! when intuit separated the quickbooks mobile app from this quickbooks online app they fixed a bunch of bugs and added a ton of features. if you have a quickbooks online subscription you need this app!
doesn’t load (for me). app doesn’t load. tap on the icon and nothing happens. i hope no one else has this problem.
sooooooo easy. each update gets better and better, making bookkeeping easier and easier.
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
. love this app, keeps track of all my expenses and payments from clients. easiest way to do estimates and invoices as well.
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
worse than useless. i downloaded this app as use quickbooks daily, the pc software is great! the apple app is such a waste of time, i can’t access any reports and the info it does show me is a waste of my time just a load of numbers that don’t mean anything. no thought has gone into this app i suspect it’s just a tick box exercise creating an app...
excellent program. we are extremely happy with this program, it has made our company administrators live so much easier.
so easy to use!. such an easy app to use, these guys have simplified bookkeeping down from something i wouldn't dare touch, to being able to raise invoices from my phone and connect my bank accounts, no hassles at all.
useful but limited. useful but definitely not as many features as the web version.
business on the run. quickbooks online with the ios app make operating a travel based business on the run simple. log invoices as you go. input estimates along the way. print and mail or email all at once at the end of the day. not to mention the helpful reports and expense management. i couldn't run my business without it.
improve inventory management. very good software quickbook .. we are the manufacturer and we want to manage inventory of the raw material also ... when we sell a product then the raw material should be automatically deducted... otherwise very good sofware
ios 13 not supported. the app will not even start!
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
inventory & stock control. where do i find the inventory & stock control feature to invoice stock to the customer! is there a warehouse feature because my stock is also kept in different locations!
. for almost 2 months i'm not able to save an expense in android app..it's been showing an error everytime i save it.
awesome.. works great for invoicing and reports. love being able to email and print invoices and estimates from my phone. i don't use it for payroll.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
terrible app...... terrible app it does not work. since last update👿
best accounting software. best investment made so far on quickbooks and the app just excels... this is really awesome :) big ups intuit
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
. very slow on mobile
. really good for simple operations i only needed the app for a small subset of operations.... that is, quickly open,edit, and send an invoice. i am thankful for that capability. perhaps intuit could stress that the app is not intended to be full blast qbo.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
new update issues. the previous update solved these issues, but this current update causes error messages with sales rep login whenever creating invoices, and also causes printing communication errors constantly.
just about there.. for a small business the app makes on the go entries easy. saves me a lot of time when i'm next at the pc. i have issues with some functionality of the software that missed the port from desktop to cloud.
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
okay. this app would be perfect if it didn’t redirects me to safari to login every single time
so much better than sage. we moved from sage to this and haven’t looked back. the app is better and the links to banks work (unlike sage). the help and support is better than sage too. all in all, well worth a trial.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
fairly useless. this app is difficult to navigate. it doesn't come close to mimicking qbo for pcs. the functionality is very limited. it's ok for looking up some things but difficult to update info such as logging checks or deposits.
great app. this app has been a life saver for organizing my small business. i can track all of my finances as i go without worrying about carrying recipes and forgetting things. i highly recommend this to anyone is business.
. it's an ok app, tends to crash here and there.
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
welshman. love it. simple for me to send estimates & invoices from the field.
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
. best program and online service i have ever used.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
sucks. i've been customer for 10 years and up and out of the blue ask me to verify my account and every time i called no one was able to help after 4 tries. finally, after 1 and 12 months finally got fixed.
awesome app!. great software, well written and updated regularly, moves seamlessly between phone ipad and desktop
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
. the online version and mobile app helps me stay uptodate vs. the desktop version i previously used. i love it!
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
bad update. used to work good until last update now when i open the app is says downloading company data, gets stuck there for ages. if it finally loads, there are no customer invoices, just payments. tried deleting the app and reinstalling but does the same thing. the pc app works fine and my employees have samsung phones and they haven't complained of any issues may just be an iphone app problem.
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app. please add bills to the mobile apps.
. je ne sais pas je connais pas encor
stop downloading.. i have redone load company data every time i log on the app which can take hours, and essentially makes the apps convenience useless.
solid. i like that it keeps sync of everything smoothly. there's no wait time, and if so i never notice it. it's fast and convenient. best accounting software hands down!
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
. after new update the app is crashing
great improvement!. makes entering expenses & invoicing so much easier.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
awesome app!!!. so easy to use!
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
too many glitches. i love quickbooks and i love that they have an app but there are a lot of glitches in the performance. the screen goes blurry, logs you completely out of the system inconveniently, customer list is unlined with the screen, there are more but minor.
for a guy who is running his own business this is gold!. love how easy it is to invoice and snap receipts on the go. tracks all my invoices so if those subcontractors don’t pay i’m onto them straight away! cheers for making it so easy!
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
crashes after i hit “invoices”. love the app when it works please let me know what the fix is
effective. efficient. essential.. began using quickbooks at my brothers recommendation. it unified our estimating and invoicing process and surpassed expectations with all the numerous functions. it will quickly becoming your single source accounting software. to add on to this review qb has become vital to our growth and receivables are paid timely. we have recently switched from square to using qbo's merchant services and have had a seamless process. fincite group
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
mileage is a joke. i upgraded to this account from the self employed version and the mileage is a joke. i thought the self employed was horrible. it completely missed a whole day of travel and cut’s off trips in the middle of traveling. or cuts the trips starting and ending if it even records the visit.
love it so easy on the go. great support of an easily understood ap! perfect for my on road small horse business thanks
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
. handy but a little slow
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
. this app on android wont even open. i have the apple version and it works fine. i just keeps saying its stopped working....
cheap & easy. this program is cheaper than other accounting software & is easy to use.
. please add the option to take a picture to the receive and add it automatically to the transaction
awful.. you can't even add transactions to your account registers. ridiculous.
it is good app. invoicing is ok, but billing need to develop
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
great support. we use the app almost exclusively to keep our business mobile. recently had an issue and contacted customer chat to get it resolved. they had me screen record it happening and said they would push to engineering for fix. honestly didn’t expect anything fast but they fixed the issue and included it in the new patch. it’s been about a week or less so a big thank you the support teams for getting it fixed and getting us back to normal.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
nogo on ipad pro. doesn't look good on ipad pro and doesn't support split screen. need to be able to have qb open on one side and my project system on the other to create invoices.
. some quirks, but overall great ap
. difficult to navigate. starts with fairly useless information that cannot be sorted. does not sync for days on end, so it isn't current. cannot view statements or email one from the field. edit: it is getting easier to navigate and shows more useful information.
horrible. crashes every time. horrible customer service. move on to another app.
great app. great app for busy people! this is really useful for trades people and consultants. highly recommend, super easy to use
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
. great app and easy to use
truly mobile accounting apps. i have tried for a few days and it give me an impression that i can finish all my accounting without going back to desktop. it use the camera of phone wisely.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
incomplete. the mobile app is not very useful compared to the online version, missing so many functions! like time sheets and billing be with them!
. this app is simple and really easy to use. makes my job way easier.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
. we tried the free trial before purchasing.. quick books keeps changing my partially paid invoice to paid in full .. when i called tech support he told me to fix this problem its 129.00he was rude and started to raise his voice after i started hows it possible i have to pay that much for a free trial app when they are the ones causing the problem... quick books is no good.. and their tech support is the rudest customer service i've ever heard!
small business accounting. very helpful software for my business. has everything from accounting software to expenses, to employee payroll and deductions. has helped me become more efficient with my time. makes estimating and invoicing more streamline.
missing time activities feature. this app is pretty good for the most part, however, it is missing the time activities feature like on the browser based software. please add this feature!!
. since the most recent update i cannot see my dashboard or add expenses to my company. fix it. done all diagnostic steps so this update is invalid. galaxy s10+ here
great small business tool. very easy to navigate and enter information. i can enter data on my home computer and then access it with my phone when i'm not in the office. great app
. my subscription was canceled and i have not been able to restore it.
accept button. accept button in banking is not working after update
great. good app. does what i need it to do.
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
. bad tech support app has tons of errors had it for a year and a half and hate it !!
. awesome app and company! used them for several years now and will not go anywhere else...
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
. love it, very easy to use. excellent customer service
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
better than nothing. can't access all that i need to access on this app.
great tool for any business.. i like quickbooks online period. the app is great. as owner of the company, i value being able to monitor whats going on financially with the business while i'm on the go. i would highly recommend getting away from the software version of quickbooks and switching to qb online just for this app.
onion vs. desktop. i have just purchased the desktop version. i would.like to use the app to record my expenses on the fly. from what i can tell you need to have an online account to do so. please help if there is a way.
. doesn't allow you to update linked bank accounts to bring in new transactions
great apps. good performance
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
why???. for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
. great way to keep track of my invoices for my company
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
please: give us delayed charge. for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
. great app. awesome app!
consider other programs.... purchased quickbooks for the fact it is easy to photograph receipts and upload, which worked for about 2 weeks and now always comes up with a error.... tried reinstalling etc, still doesn’t work. useless.
don’t update!. so many bugs. a bunch of features have changed for the worse! running on ipad pro 11” ios 13.1.2
. awesome app makes invoicing and tracking payments easy
. when i am logged in, i can see all of my vendors, even ones i recently added, but there is zero activity listed underage vendor. customer service take several days to get back to me and then they don't actually answer my question
. okay but needs expenses option like on iphone. i justed switched from iphone and ios and am really bummed out you can't enter expenses: checks paid, credit card, or cash transactions. this is available on ios already why is this still not ready for android?
waiting for delayed charge on mobile app.. otherwise, its good!
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
touch id fail. please stop making us enter a password everyday. every other app that uses touch id doesn't have this issue. thumbs down qb 👎🏼
. i'm completely new to this app. because of that i might not know what to look for. but this makes starting up a business extremely easy. definitely plan on subscribing once the trial is up. 👍and would gladly suggest this app to anyone looking for this kind of help and ease.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
. i love the ability to issue invoices and check the current payment status. bring able to photo receipts and record expenses as and when they happen is a great touch too.
easy. i'm now able to send bids to potential clients easily.
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
highly recommend!. very useful when you're on the go and need to update and categorize for your accountant! better than their website.
crashing at start up with ios 13. love this app but it crashes with ios 13 :( please fix
crashes. it now crashes. tried several times. updated everything. looked at website  no help. very disappointed, we pay good money for this.
great app. really happy and love quickbooks
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
poor design. very hard to navigate and understand. customer service only works bankers hours and not when you need them.
highly recommend for startups. qbo does everything that i need it to. it is a great dashboard to see where i am at, with the ability to add details to all of my transactions.
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
. payment to vendors are shown as expense
. nice and easy app
. most of the times search for customers, invoice numbers, amount etc doesn't works. keeps on saying something went wrong!!! please get sortout this issue urgently.
can't login. every time i try to login it says that i don't have an online subscription.
. great app for small business works wonders for me
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
no mileage tracking. false advertising. the mileage tracking screen shot is from the self employed app, not the small business app
keeps getting more user friendly!. the new video tutorials make it easy to learn. the portability of switching between the mobile app and the desktop version online is a priceless feature, thanks for all of your hard work!
. pos app!
limited compared to quickbooks desktop. quickbooks online is just ok. it has some limits that did not exist in the desktop version. a lot of them have to do with assisted payroll. for example, the app does not tell you each pay period how much of a contribution to pay towards simple ira's and give you a chance to indicate whether they were paid. it just assumes it was done without giving you any notice. other limitations make it just ok.
. the app is fantastic everything works well little exhausting to set accounts and banking but once everything is done and working it's very efficient and my customers can get their invoices very quickly plus in my electrical construction business.
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
. it keeps logging me out. this is a pain in the ass. please fix this.
great app. love using qb vs the other one i was using. well worth the money imo.
every small business needs this. you have no idea how this app boosted our mobile productivity, billing and cashflow efficiency. we are a family blue collar business, no one here loves paperwork, we love our phones and vehicles though and quickbooks online allows us spend very little time at the office and more time doing things we actually charge $$$ for doing.
new update has stopped my app from working!!!. since the update i now can’t accept anything or change anything!!! the only thing i can do it add the expenses!!!! sort it out please!!!!!
won't print invoice with signature from my device. if i could i would give it five stars.. great app
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
c'mon man. still won't let you attach items. ...... please fix!
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
taking too long to integrate with desktop version and ask for id code almost every time. still not as useful as the desktop version. also extremely frustrated having to get a code to identify myself almost every time i go to log in. have now decided it is easier to tether the laptop to the ipad.
great softwsre. multiple devices awesome
system modify for the better. great system except when you send an invoice out there is no way to mark it that it has been sent out . so you constantly have to keep a note book with all the customers and what is going on with each individual invoice.
not like the online version. the app is alright. missing a lot of feature (if you compare it to the online version) but if they come up with a solution and have them on the app version i would rate it 5 stars.
more than convenient, it's necessary. having the app makes it so much easier to do business on the go. you can send estimates and invoices before the client meeting has even ended. efficient and essential!
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
app ruined. this is getting old. the app seems to be unusable every time an update heads out way. my invoices are showing old data, are not updating to show payments and do not match what is correctly shown in the real online desktop service. please fix , and stop updating prior to testing
ease of use. being able to utilize the app on mobile has made billing my customers so much easier for my transport company. editing and immediately sending invoices for quick pay is a great option as well. i've been a quickbooks user for 20 years now and will likely not stop anytime soon.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
unsatisfied. keeps telling me to contact support after trying to make an invoice very frustrating.
. i just got the program so far i really like it
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
excellent. quickbooks online has created a whole new dimension to bookkeeping and accounting for small business. the ipad app is very useful for an overview of transactions
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
update is awful.. please fix the app. it was great until the last update!! can't even get tech support without it crashing.
new horizons glass wa. works great. do all my bidding and estimates with this app.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
. app refuses login on my phone. pixel 2
easy and friendly. so far i am enjoying the app and it's easy to understand platform
. i dont have a comment, but i do have a question. is this app beneficial to a incorporated contracting company, or is it more so set up for a cash and carry business structure.
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
great. it is a great way of keeping on top of my finances, invoicing and money owed. allows invoices to be raised on the go when small jobs are completed. can see how it will adapt as my business grows as well
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
. so far total garbage app. i connected my app to my qb online account. i opened the app. snapped 3 receipts. camera worked well isolating the receipts. after that totally useless. despite a new tab appearing in my banking section online i cannot find the receipt copies in either the app or online. i really needed one to return a product. qb cs of no help.
. we do all of our estimates and invoices through qb. we love it
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
what is the point?. of supporting touch id on my mobile device if every time i go to use it first thing in the morning i have use my password then my touch id works for the rest of the day but back to square in the next. useless feature.
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone, and i can process things quickly and easily without having the panic of having to beside the computer 247. great
missing functionality  registers updated. the app itself is pretty clean and easy to use. however it is missing some important functionality, namely registers. there is no access to your bank or credit card registers, or to check their respective balances... for a financial application, this is a major missing piece. here's hoping this will be added soon. update: this has been fixed. now waiting for making deposits...
cant even start the app. how to rate a app that not even running
works great!. it's simple to use, great for small business owners. really helps you stay on top of your business.
. you have to pay and i am looking for a free app to do my stuff
business owner. qb app is so hard to use and is different on every device. if you lose connection while creating an estimateinvoice etc. you will lose all info imputed and have to reenter everything again
great app. great app links well details on the laptop. can create invoices on as soon as the job is finished.
. awesome... works across all of my devices so i can invoice, receive payment and create customers wherever i am. i can even check to see who has and hasn't paid me and send a reminder email to them if needs be, all from my phone, tablet or laptop... should have used this ages ago instead of previous well known others.
. beware anyone cis don't use this use xero being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. i'm stuck till end of tax year then i'm off
. great app great aap for my business for all my on the go needs....lacks some features but worth it
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
waste of money. it seems like they are doing what every other company is doing. charging more for less. switched over to qb online and it has been a waste of money. no customization what so ever. looking for another program with better interface.
time tracker missing. the online version is friendlier then the online desktop version, but all in all a great app. one thing missing is the time tracker. would be great to be able to track your time spend on a project and book it to an invoice.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
offres aux nouveaux clients. je suis client depuis le début nous avons eu beaucoup de problèmes au lancement, le support était moyen... aujourd'hui il y a beaucoup d'offres pour les nouveaux clients mais rien pour les clients fidèles. et une fois en place... impossible ou presque de partir et d'exporter ses données pour un logiciel sans abonnement. le produit est désormais fonctionnel et agréable mais cher pour une petite compagnie.
great small business app. just opened up my first company,being a one person office ,secretary, and boss this app is great to help micro manage all your small office responsibilities. it's a great app to email quick quotes onsite for that customer who looking for the job to get done asap. have to say this made my work day is alot easier and definitely is less complicated!!!!
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
problem after problem lately. first my bank feeds got messed up after the feed had to be updated recently. this wasted a lot of time. now, the app is telling me my account is restricted because they didn’t receive a payment  but i have an email from quickbooks billing confirming that they received a payment. this is not great for a company that is looking after my business.
. quickbooks makes doing business easy!! the app compliments the desk top program!!
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
fix log in problems. the latest update made logging in extremely difficult. i am no longer able to use my pin or fingerprint even though they are both enabled in the app.
easy to use. this app is so quick and easy. my business is on the go all of the time and it makes estimates and invoicing so quick and easy.
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
. syncing of data is not appropriate. on online it is showing latest data. on mobile always showing data one month old. worst experience.
easy to use. great place to start. use plug in apps to boost productivity.
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
way too limited. i can’t even use the app to see if a bill was processed. it only allows you to view check or ach transactions and deposits. checks processed through bill pay don resigister as activity.
. great app
scope for lots of improvement. given that this app has been out for many years, it seems like it has been neglected. the interface shows it. for example, if we touch a vendor, only the address shows up and nothing else. ideally, all details related to the vendor have to be displayed  po, bills and payments. many such improvements can be done.
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) the hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. please fix.
great for business on the move. this app is a solid connection to your quickbooks and allows for quick and straightforward posting of expenses, invoices and estimates.
. keeps logging me out otherwise really nice app
. invoicing only works when it feels like. app is very hard to navigate. half the tools i have to log in to my computer and do on the desktop version. very dissatisfied and will be cancelling this service soon as i find a better alternative.
. great software
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
pretty complete finance from your phone. i'm not too sure about the need for a separate app for payroll, but this does work as advertised for the most part.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
functional with problems. the latest update took away the ability to choose territory in the app even though using a web browser does. i contacted intuit to report the problem. very nice but nothing has been done to fix it. also, common reports aren't available in the app.
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
. grid great app need estimates though n e one know how to do that other than that great app very easy
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
not intuitive, not flexible, once in your stuck. terrible decision for a simple accounting software. converted from computer version...very unhappy.
. it's a great app
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
app says i don’t have an account. the desktop app and now the ios app don’t work. and accessing quickbooks online from the ios browser is a poor experience. from reading other reviews, this seems to be a known issue that has no resolution to date.
frank. this app is amazing. it is exactly what i needed to start my business. it makes it quick and easy to do your estimates, invoices, and keep track of all your accounting needs.
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
. unable to use your 30 days free demo, downloaded app, when tried logging in, it says app login feature is available for indian users. when try the same in browser, and after logged in when i want to use free trail it is asking for 10$ payment
. the app is a wonderful accompaniment to the software which makes tracking expenses and invoices really easy
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
crash with ios13. app does not launch.
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
feedback. the app would be better if you were able to enter bills not just expenses. very annoying to have to also use my desktop computer to finish my book work.
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
. great app. as a small business im able to send my customers invoices and customize them to fit my company needs. i love this app and highly recommend to small business owners that needs to keep track of all of thier company finance. thank you quick book for making my life easy.
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
good app. does all the basics and then some
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
pdf note on ipad. why can't we add a pdf note on ipad app. i can do it by accessing desktop version on ipad. but it's a pain doing it that way. it would be simpler to add that option to the app. come on guys keep up with the technology. quit lagging behind.
business made easy. use this app daily keeps everything organized
just too expensive.... i run a small business and can't afford the monthly dues of qbo. hoping they come up with a more competitive product at some point...
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
. i am a employee for a small business, and we use quickbooks for all our invoices, and keep track of customers.
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
disappointing app. you can’t really do anything productive in this application. it’s extremely limited in functionality.
. thank you for the update guys 😊 perfect accounting app for my firm
great accounting software. i previously used myob, thank goodness i changed to this  it is light years ahead and is saving me huge amounts of time.
. even though i canceled my subscription 1 month ago, it still continues to withhold money from me.
best app ever. i cant think of a better way to manage your bussinnes while you are on the go
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
. user for 2 years, samsung s8, app fails to load now. when it did work, it never showed historical customer transactions. never properly refreshed bank connections oh, you would have to go to the online portal and update first before you could use or see your transactions on this app. i'm pretty fed up at this point with this app, only thing i really wanted to do at this point was use the receipt scanning but i can't even do that now. uninstalled..
. love it! makes my accounting software much easier. no time wasting and sent direct to the customer and most times get paid straight away. fabulous!
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
starting with errors. i am just starting my beekeeping business and trying to track expenses. quick books somehow has me making a $164 sale. i can't erase it because it doesn't exist. would love it but can't reconcile the books if random numbers are calculated out of thin air!
thumbs up for the business help!!!. take the time to go through the tutorials and this is an amazing app to help with any small business!!!
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
new update keeps crashing. well ever hour or two it crashes while i am in the middle of looking things up or when i am making an estimate for a customer. and this is with the pastiest update. oh and it keeps telling me there is a new update, but i already have it. fix it, my renewal is coming up and you aren’t the only game in town
love this app and online version of qb 😬. i converted to the online version of qb from the desktop version and i have to say it was the best decision i made! my primary laptop crashed & nothing could not be recovered, the online version of qb was never an issue & continued seamlessly. this app is such a convenient perk to qb  i can't say enough how fabulous this app is. love it!
ok, room for improvement. quickbooks needs to build in a way to enter time via mobile devices. why have an app for quickbooks for mobile devices if you cannot enter your time in on the fly?
disappointed. i love quickbooks online, but i'm disappointed with the app. i would really love to be able to do more with the app other than enter transactions. i would like to be able to run the prepared reports i already saved in the online version and print them on the go.
. everything you could ever need to manage a business. financials at a glance and indepth, invoicing made easy, automated payroll, and so much more. 2 employees couldn't replace this app.
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
. terrible app, customer service is a joke with no follow up. switching to a different accounting software.
. i absolutely love this app. it helps me to stay on track with my small business even while on the move. i can quickly upload any receipts, create invoicessales receipts & even track my payments while away from my computer. i would recommend this appsoftware for any entrepreneur, startup, small business even big business which wants to have realtime tracking of what's going on in their organization.
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
. 3 years and the app still doesnt show bills????? support case opened 3 times and no one care. wonder how can we trust them with our data
very happy. i love this app for my business
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
won't sign in, incorrect subscription error.. like the title says, can't login tells me my subscription may have expired. i can log in through website easily.
great tool. very useful, and easy to access or use on the road.
. with the newest update cannot reliably attach receipts! although a long time user, will be unsubscribing soon if not corrected.
1 step forward  2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to redownload all the info. hurry up and wait
. great app. getting better all the time too
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
. great app to manage all paper work and finance.
employee. love quickbooks but really want to incorporate it into my service vehicles please make a employee version
junk. this app is an embarrassment to use. doesn't attach correct to emails, rude default email tags, and prints too light to fax. i used qb contractor for 10 years before being talked into ipad by apple as the way to go mobile. save your money do things right. this freezes up a lot too which if you have time to wait may be for you.
. just got it seems to be a good solid app for me to keep my business running
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
. it won't sync with my account and often won't open. update: after emailing my info to the email they responded with, i never heard back. i also called and was told that they'll work on it and email me. haven't heard yet, maybe next week.
easy of use. i think the app will be great once i figure out how it works.
every small business needs this. you have no idea how this app boosted our mobile productivity, billing and cashflow efficiency. we are a family blue collar business, no one here loves paperwork, we love our phones and vehicles though and quickbooks online allows us spend very little time at the office and more time doing things we actually charge $$$ for doing.
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
. it does the job.support is good!
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. freezes often and takes ages to recover
easy to use. i haven’t tried other softwares when it comes to managing my books besides quickbooks so i can’t compare it to the others in the market. but for me it’s very simple and easy to use. my favorite feature is the ability to take photos of your receipts and transfer them instantly. i’m sure all of them do that but it works great here.
. awesome! they still need to improve a bit for the mobile app, as some things are not available on it compared to desktop, but really, i couldn't run my business without quickbooks online
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
review. i am self employed, i find quickbooks is easy to use as my business is extremely simple. i do have an issue with the annual cost. i think that you should have different rates for individuals like myself who only use it a few times a week.
little disappointed. qb on the cloud is a great idea and that's why i'm using it. however  wouldn't it be nice if the mobile version dis half what the desktop version does. i use mint for my personal finances and for a free service their app does it all. qb please get some programmers to get this app fully functional! i understand that you may not include every function but expenses??? that's something i expected to be able to do on the road.
honestly i would rate this app 0!. app doesn't work at all, getting error every time i'm trying to login. no respond from team during a week! just stay away of it!!! if you think that your advice to reinstall would help  you are wrong! i did it already couple if times before your advise finally came in. this app just doesn't work and i wouldn't spent more time for it!!!!!! stay away of it!!!
great app. even better than the desktop version.
not bad.... would like to be able to use it to cray an invoice and take a credit card payment on the road
no grouping of customers or invoices. services that the regular version have.... i don't know why they didn't carry this over. if u have more than one customer base or if u need to send the same invoice to multiple customers you are out of luck. hope they fix soon very annoying
. awesome app
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
. not able to login to app since one month now.
. i am very pleased with this app
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
. excellent app makes having a small business so simple
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
new update keeps crashing. well ever hour or two it crashes while i am in the middle of looking things up or when i am making an estimate for a customer. and this is with the pastiest update. oh and it keeps telling me there is a new update, but i already have it. fix it, my renewal is coming up and you aren’t the only game in town
. made life easy! amazingly user friendly
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
unusable. can't even log in. really disappointing. the ability to conduct business while on my route is crucial and i have never been able to get this app to work.
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
waste of time. don't bother, it doesn't work and they could not care less!!!
. excellent app. i've been self employed for many years but have only starting using quickbooks recently and it saves me so much time...
. if i can navigate this app, anyone can! super easy and really professional. i'm loving it! i love the different reports as well. thank you!
. does not support in india
great little app. i do emergency call outs and can log in and keep up with my book keeping on the fly.
. excellent just sometimes login doesnt register
app ruined. this is getting old. the app seems to be unusable every time an update heads out way. my invoices are showing old data, are not updating to show payments and do not match what is correctly shown in the real online desktop service. please fix , and stop updating prior to testing
very pleased. very happy
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
crashes non stop on ipad. crashes non stop on ipad
qb intuit online app. fantastic program highly recommend 👍😀
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
. nyc app
. i dont have a comment, but i do have a question. is this app beneficial to a incorporated contracting company, or is it more so set up for a cash and carry business structure.
i can't run a business with quick books. the format is different on my ipad that it is on my iphone. i don't have the ability to do half the stuff i can do from my computer, which is a huge inconvenience when i'm in the field. i wouldn't recommend quickbooks or the apps to anybody.
. i absolutely love this app. so very user friendly and convenient when doing business on the go even from my phone.
improve your customer service. the program it’s self is easy to use, but if you need to call the customer service you have to request it by logging on and emailtext or the other problem is they don’t speak english well. with increasing prices they should have great customer service just saying!
. dont bother if you dont have access to pc or laptop.basic features like editing customer email is not available on mobile devices including tablets.if an invoice isnt sent because the recipient email address sends it back,you have no way of knowing that an error has occurred even when attempting to check via any web browser.caused me £1000's of cashflow headache. contacted customer support,got a nonsensical response.made it sound like the problem is an actual feature of the app and software.
. very user friendly
. i'm getting an error code when i try to click on mileage trips and assign them business or personal. works on desktop but not in phone. other than that it's easy to assign categories for transactions and separate business from personal.
. switch to xero even though its more expensive. better off wasting money on a useless app. cant even save a transaction. lousy support and engineering team to not resolve such a essential feauture after 1 month. subscribe at your own risk.
best addition for any business on the go!. the free trial was amazing. my favorite part is having the ability to send invoices. while setting up my merchant services, customer support was kind and easy to work with. now it's easier to bill my clients from my phone. i track everything. get the quickbooks app. you won't regret it!
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
. major issues with app and desktop versions. back and forth calls to solve the issues. finally gave up and cancled. on the plus side, customer support on the phone was polite. however, the product itself isn't worth the trouble. this will be the third time i have called in asking about my refund, its been almost 2 months... still waiting.
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
easy here, hard there. you can tell this is more for business that need to create invoices more than purchase orders. desktop as well. i’ll give 4 stars when they add a po feature to the app.
very handy  will stop the boss bugging me!. good app for the boss to have. super easy to check on customers invoices overdue etc. would like to see timesheet daily activity integration please  perhaps with a contollable daily multiple nag me to enter times feature? with timesheet integration i could roll this out to other staff :) cheers!
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
does not work. vendors don't display but when you try to add the vendor you can't find it tells you that the vendor already exist. even if account #'s are turned of ipad version still shows them. not worth the frustration!!!!!!!!!!!!
. the best part for me is the ability to create and email an invoice then recieve payment all from my smartphone.
. good software, could be better if cis content was accessible via app
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
. i love this app.
. needs more function like the web based app
. buggy, unusable basically.. can't create or edit an existing invoice.. keeps saying the terms not set and the dropdown for terms doesn't drop down with any options to select. other than being unusable, it's fine i guess.
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
app is changed for the worse. i am not sure when this happened, but the app is now useless and does not have the functionality it used to have. i now need to do everything on computer. not good.
. since the update i can't connect, always says i don't have a internet connection.
. good reliable app
. excellent just sometimes login doesnt register
. sometimes an app or service gets worse with time. this is one of them. it is stupidly expensive and incredibly unintuitive. please fix the random sign in and sales receipt bug and improve the ui or i will find another product.
. it takes a working knowledge of what this app is capable of doing to fully grasp how useful it is. i am learning more every time i use it.
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
. terrible customer service plinky plonky app. i have now moved everything over to xero which is much better
everything a small business needs. i absolutely love this app it does everything we need including taking pictures of receipts there's no reason to purchase another application or a scanner when you can do everything from your smartphone. awesome! #callsafe
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
great. for a small business owner quick books and the app have really improved my ability to effectively handle alot of my back end paperwork more easily.
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
. horrible customer service and support. do not use there merchant services
the most powerful option for business finances area. i love this app because i have access in my mac and then i can move to my bed with my tablet and continue working on my accounting so easy. the only thing that probably i would add is the access to the items, lists and charts through the reports, as is in the online and the desktop mac app.
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
login will not allow me to paste my password. i use quickbooks online, so i use a very strong password that is stored in an app (1password). it would be extremely annoying to hand type a 25 character random password into this app. and i'm unwilling to compromise my security for my online financial data. therefore this app is totally useless to me.
very easy and convenient!. i love having the mobile app. it makes it easy to enter transactions on the spot without having to stop and open up my computer to login.
. awesome! they still need to improve a bit for the mobile app, as some things are not available on it compared to desktop, but really, i couldn't run my business without quickbooks online
works good but. haven't been able to email invoices for over 2 months now.. what's up wit that??
. only just started using this app, and i'm already in love.
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
did update have had issues ever since. cannot download all of he files needed keep getting error code 10000. no resolution
good app. i like simple, this is efficient for my small busines, updates are making the app better. i can recomend it is supper easy to use.
. i love it on my phone . but on my tablet it's slow and says non responsive a lot.
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
great app. i love using quickbook on my phone. very easy to access and a quick way to send my clients invoice and get a signature! i'm definitely paying for this! it's the best app i could have downloaded to take care of business! 💯💯
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
. i have this quick books and pay outrageous monthly for the worst service specially the mobile app. have called them so many times but all they care about is to collect. just waste of time and no help. i wish i could take my customer list and go to another co. does anyone know any co. better?
makes it easy. so glad i decided to go with quickbooks, update daily to keep track of expenses and sales. fantastic for my business.
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
. it seems like every time the app updates it turns off automatic mialage tracking. what a pain. then i have to review my calendar and recreate mialage and likely to miss some.
. i've been using intuit, quickbooks, quicken for more years than i can count. i would never use another accounting software! i love quickbooks! easy to use
. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:) 23092019 i wish to ask, wether you can remove the function which not allowed to screenshot ? it is very frustrated when i need to inform my customer how much they owe. please !!!
it's only a trial. this looks brilliant until you've set up the account only to find out that it's a 30 trial. by that time they've got your email. well done them. clever!! immediately deleted
easy and super user friendly. first time user of this type of app but it was easy to set up. sent out my first invoice after 1hr already.
good but. it would be great if you could take a photo of a receipt instead of having to scan and save to a location on the phone
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wasted almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
great. very useful for a small farm.
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
really convenient. love this app. i'm trying it as a trial and i'm sold. we will be getting the monthly service for sure.
. tenue de livre simple et pratique!
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
. doesn't allow me to add my other business. i had to go to the website, add it, sign out of the app and back in again before it showed up. given the app has an setup business flow, you'd think they'd let you use this to add another.
i love it!!!!. i've been a real estate agent for over ten years & keep my expenses & income on spreadsheets, what a pain. this is awesome! i do wish however i could keep my mileage in this app also, do that & i'll give you six stars.
crashing at start up with ios 13. love this app but it crashes with ios 13 :( please fix
poor quality. poor quality. inconsistent design. loads of bugs. none of the bank feed transaction reconciliationapproval features have worked for at least the last three app updates. expensive rubbish.
great app. i have to switch from another accounting software to quickbooks and every thing is easy to use and easy to navigate.i use it on my phone,desktop in the office.i wish i had it ever since i have been using the other accounts software.
app is awesome but works better on iphone than android. love the app however why can't i pull up profit loss statement graphs on my s6? this was extremely simple on my iphone 5. any help?
crashes on large invoice. works fine until you get a large invoice and then it slows down and or crashes
. very useful app
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
. rubbish app as never let's me update my bank transactions. i go to refresh and it simply comes up saying none and all up to date when it's not. makes the app unusable for me.
. decent needs expenses like gas and food. also the ability to enter bank deposits and batch them together. this is a great app for invoicing and recording accepting a payment from a customer, that is the extent of it though.
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
. errors on free trail. can generate a invoice or put the company name on. i try my phone, tablet and laptop. keep on saying the same thing. error on tax .........
great app...! (sabre rx). great app, really works well now that the new syc app with square has been released.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
very disappointed. i'm very disappointed because i have been unable to login on with my iphone or macbook pro. i tried to get help through customer service but all i got was a link. very disappointed!!
. so far so happy!
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
. this apo no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
. quickbooks is amazing. i use it for my company and have never ran into any problems. they have a wide spectrum of things you can do, and the are probably the cheapest options for accounting software. #quickbooksforthewin
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
. all i need to do is pay contractors via direct deposit. after signing up for your the most expensive subscription package. i then found out i also need a payroll package!!! this was a total waste of time and money. i would give zero stars if i could.
documentcustomerjob searchinfo. i find quickbooks a great tool, however there are areas that could be improved firstly when i open a clients file i can see all the info apart from our reference, this means we need to search via pricedateinvoice number, it would be far easier to find a document by our job namereference
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
excellent for doing my accounts. this company is excellent i have a taxi company i can do my accounts online and why am waiting for customers if i have any problems they always solve them very quickly i would highly recommend
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
half way. all i really want is something i can scan in my receipts with. they say they have this feature but they don’t. even the free wave accounting app has this feature and now i’m left wondering what the point of paying for this service is with an alternative such as wave.. not looking like i’ll be bothering to continue after this free trial if they can’t compete with a free alternative otherwise quite functional.
easy to use. i love what i do. the finance side, not so much. quickbooks helps make that task a little easier and more manageable. now i’m learning about how different applications can tie into quickbooks and make my life even easier. there is a bit of a learning curve for those that are not as savvy into this area, but they are quick to help and point you in the right direction.
. have not upgraded since 2006, this app is great. i am not tied to the office for alot of tasks that used to only be done in the evening.
major flaw  can’t add receipts to expenses. no dropbox or photo option. they advertise this system as super easy and convenient. you can’t add receipts from photos or dropbox. that makes the ‘add attachment ‘ pretty much pointless. i take a picture of an expense receipt but 0 way of adding it ... seriously. who designed this app.???
. wonderful excellent program. does wonderful for my small business
where is the payroll functionality?!?!. the app seems to intentionally not include payroll functionality, that’s what i need most! f
. keeps crashing on my note 9 cant access the app
quickbooks is genius. i don't normally write reviews for apps. but quickbooks online is simply amazing. i've been using it for over a year and i absolutely love it. i can download transactions from the bank so no boring data entry and can create invoices on the go on my phone. so good.
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
. it's been years and the login still fails 80% of the time. have to clear data in the app just to login. it's a nightmare.
. makes my life so much easier.
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
ok but.... qb is ok. major flaw however when trying to look at a customer's order history. the list of invoices does not show the memo so you can tell what item the invoice is for. this is a serious problem.
"great app. great app. would be good to have a salesinvoice report that sorted by ""service date"". thanks :)"
sage. there are far too many bugs for my business to depend on this. what is really more important than dependability in book keeping software? besides there are very limited features to begin with.
. they billed my account even though i ended my subscription and was told i would not be billed!!! 😡😠
great app. there is no other app like it. this is probably one of the easiest apps to use and it is very userfriendly. i use it for my business and i have instant access on my iphone. you can send invoices on a moments notice.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
"locks, freezes, and won't sync. updated last week and haven't been able to use it since. i've reinstalled, cleared cache, resynced data... nothing. qb customer service ""can't see any issues with my login"" so who knows ? ive been reduced to entering all my invoices from my computer at home (defeats the purpose of the app doesn't it?). until they fix this update, don't download it."
owner. love being able to have quickbooks on my phone and being able to send invoices and receive payments on the go. makes my job so much easier. app works great and is so simple that even my husband can figure it out :)
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
good. wish i could do payroll on the app too
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
seles. how’s this quicker, how do you add vat, i was quite happy doing an invoice on my own heading paper, which looked professional, not like this useless thing that has cost more account fees 
. it's great handy thing. i like it very much because now i can produce invoices when ever i want.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. this app really is useless. i'm having to manually input all of my banking transactions because it never feeds in the real time info as it should. the layout is counter intuitive and frustrating to use. it's like they've made the app but never done any testing or had any feedback on how they can improve it and make it user friendly. my books are an incoherent mess at the moment, this app is supposed to make things easier but it's awful.
great mobile app. this app is perfect for my business. i'm out of the office majority of the day so being able to send or create estimates and invoices is very nice. quick and easy
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
. doesn't appear to allow access to my projects. otherwise it seems to work well.
. i am really happy by the way it helps me keep track of my expenses and consumption taxes. one thing i would like to see on the mobile app is being able to view your taxes, same as you can on the desktop version.
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
. very useful, simple, and advantageous over other apps when it comes down to the feasibility and quick access.
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
bad update. won't work at all after i updated today.
. wow this is a fantastic program i am a new small business owner. i have learned aso much just by using this app!
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
. seriously? this is the best you can do? ! so limited on basic functions. *updated review nice try quickbooks on the reply...no, your laughable update is ridiculous! not to mention the mobile device website lockout to access via mobile browser.... taking away another star for bad public relations. welcome to 1996 if you try to rely on this app for your 2014 business.
quickbooks all the ways. great product, services, app
cis transactions. cannot carry out cis transactions in the app for some reason, you have to use the web version. this is really annoying and somewhat inconvenient. other than that, a great app....
bugs and bugs it a jungle. need to be able to email multiple emails at one time.
. great and easy to invoice all my customers. my customers enjoy using quickbooks because its easy to pay and also accepts mastercard.
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
. the app is ok but it is super buggy
. great app, very useful
its ok. i was hoping for this app to have mobile printing capabilities so we can set up thermal printers.
prettt good. it’s a good app, i’d have given it 5 stars but the sequential number doesn’t load when using the app. this means to produce an invoice you have to go back and look up the last invoice number.
. saves hours of time linking with the bank account , quick and easy once you have the hang of it
description is misleading. there is no way to enter or see expenses in this app and of course no way to attach receipt pictures to these expenses. you can enter expenses using computer and attach picture of receipt there, but not in this app. if you need a plug in to do that, why not to say so? or just remove missing components from description.
. i'm very disappointed with this app. plus i'm trying to cancel the service but i don't see were to unsubscribe. 😡
. love it! hard to navigate at first but you get the hang of it.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
. not for india.. then why the hell u give option of india in menu .. if ur app is not compatible in india..
essential for small business owners. i find quickbooks essential for my small business. makes business management much easier than it would be with any other method or product.
inventory & stock control. where do i find the inventory & stock control feature to invoice stock to the customer! is there a warehouse feature because my stock is also kept in different locations!
. app doesn't work. it loads then an error message pops up. i've emailed a couple of times but no response. very poor customer service.
just works. great app! no complaints, but my business isn't very big. looking forward to quickbooks scaling up with me!
. for a mobile accounting app it does a fairly good job, and obviously the most important part is the qbo intigration and having that information accessible wherever i go. one change that i wish was made would be a frequently used or a favorites at the top of the list of vendors and accounts. it really stinks to have to search for the things i use the most
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
. very easy to use!! i do wish though that there was an option to send overdue invoices.
enables my business.... ...to run smooth and accurately from monthtomonth, yeartoyear. managing multiple clients and accounts would be a nightmare without quickbooks.
quick books online. good for customer data base. good for invoicing and receiving payments. fair at tracking expenses. near useless as an accurate or bookkeeping tool when linked to a bank account. so many obscure and poorly explained manual actions required that error is easy to introduce and tech support usually makes things worse. one may as use good old fashioned paper ledgers and a calculator. don't trust it with your numbers!
great, but missing one thing.. the only thing this app is missing is a way to input hours on my time sheet.
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
. app data is never accurate. i hate to login via mobile web to get accurate numbers. misleading and frustrating
easy and friendly. so far i am enjoying the app and it's easy to understand platform
great app... needs some work.. there’s no way to record a sale without attaching a customer to it. also, there’s really not a place in the app to keep a ledger. if it had these 2 things, it would get 5 stars from me, but as it stands i give it 4.
". was a good app. now it will not exit upon entering an expense. upon entering all the info and clicking ""save"" it stays on the same screen. if you hit save 5 times thinking it's not working it saves the expense 5 times. you have to back out and click don't save the transaction but it will be there. intuit  please fix it."
great. makes invoices and estimates from phone look right professional. i use the desktop version as well and it would be great if the different versions spoke to each otherwise best solution by far
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
good but lacks key feature. i love everything about this app for running my business, but they have not added the ability for a customer to enter a tip at the signing screen when paying with a card. i've requested the feature multiple times over the past year with no response from quickbooks. this is a key feature that is present in every other card reader app.
. i am enjoying this app so far but would be much better if i could also use it on my kindle fire. please make an app for that too!
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
the android app is so diffrent than the ios app.. ios app has the functionality to select multiple items too an estimateorder with the multi select feature. this is missing in android. also before the update, the send comand asked the way we wanted to send the invoice and we can select email, fax application. but with the update it only send with the quickbooks email. cant send by fax anymore. please provide the share option on invoice and estimates atleast.
i like it. just started using on the ipad pro and working smoothly so far. easy and quick to switch between multiple companies in the qb app.
please fix me. ios 13 ijust upgrade cannot write items into invoices
. does not work don't waste your time.
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
. i've had nothing but trouble with this app. i've sent numerous error reports made several attempts to contact customer support with no reply.
quickly. quickbooks online is ready to use. i write invoices and email the customer a copy immediately. thanks quickbooks for being so easy to use.
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
good idea. i love the concept but i've had to reenter several expenses up to three times to get quickbooks to except them in and that's rather annoying.
seems good so far!. i just downloaded the app, however for what i use qb for, this app is perfect and will definitely make my time more efficient. i am always on the go and handwrite all checks. from what i can see, you can quickly enter checks written (and even take a picture) and also manage your online banking. which is perfect for my needs.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
does not work with ios 13. beware!. crash on launch when using it on ios 13.
qb online. does everything i need and more!
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
business owner. qb app is so hard to use and is different on every device. if you lose connection while creating an estimateinvoice etc. you will lose all info imputed and have to reenter everything again
. absolutely love this app! makes running a business easy and quick. stress free and convenient! definitely recommend trying this over anything else!
has features the browser doesn’t. i can see addresses on the client list, and it integrates with maps to get driving instructions
crashes 48 times per day. app crashes over and over, saying you need to log in again for critical updates. there are no updates availability, and deleting and reinstalling the app doesn’t help. it’s frustrating because it takes 20 minutes to enter customer information, because you need to finish and hit that save button before the next crash. best to just use quickbooks in the browser, even though that isn’t perfect. four stars with no crashes.
great app. awesome
very good and getting better!. qbo has been a great addition to our company and has many great features over qb desktop. there are some bugs to work out but i'm very happy so far with the online application.
cannot drill down for info. why bother making an app if you can't drill down for information? i am able to have full functionality with our hosted data base, so why can't intuit make this happen? i love intuit's products, so this is most disappointing.
owner. love this service i can keep up with everything that we are doing great app
quickbooks online. 80% of business can be done from smartphone including invoicing and expenses.
"complete shit. developers can't seem to get it right.. going from version to version will cause problems logging in. might as well not offer as a mobile app, ""on the go"" my ass. i was told ""we're working on"" (for the past 6 times i inquired) then the last time ""too bad, use the web site for now""."
fantastic. fantastic. i'm am obsessed with this app. a must for everyone!
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
horrible ever since update!!. this last update completely ruined the app.
. très utile, mais surtout très complet!
improved greatly. since the last update, the bugs have been worked out and the issues i'd seen don't occur anymore. thank you
. litterally trash. never works. double invoices . deletes things. stayed loyal as they have promised fixes for over a year now. nothing but a waste of time
quick and easy. cool app if you have quickbooks already.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
useless. i'm not even sure what the point of this app is. there's absolutely nothing you can do with it besides see what what you've already done on your desktop. the app does nothing to help you keep things moving along.
. great app. very helpful for my small business.
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
ok but frustrating. doesn't do as much as online version. lots of error messages when downloading bank data. poor customer service, not responsive when errors flagged.
. good app
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck. all fixed. awesome work!!!!!
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
best app ever. i am a tech on the go , and we made the switch from paper invoicing to quick books online. i cannot tell you how much this app saves me on time and frustration , everything is there at the tip of your finger. thanks intuit for making my work that much easier!
. there was about to be going to be fight if those people dont get away from my accountant.
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
good value for money. happy with the program and functionality across varied devices
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
not enough. can’t do everything from app. they say it’s better, but it can’t be if i can’t access everything i need, makes the app pointless.
great app. works very well with the ipad. allows you to make invoices and notes on the go. much better being cloud based than pc based. it costs more but it definitely worth it when it comes to the convenience.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
. very useful app
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
why!?!. this app and online program is insanely buggy. every time i try and open the app it takes five or six trys before it loads. once it loads i am satisfied at best with the user experience, but if my internet connection isn't a gig a second the app crashes. i wish i didn't pay for a years worth of service or i would delete it with extreme prejudice.
. amazing value for money, i've successfully filed my accounts from using this app!
it was barely ok to start with!. i had used quickbooks for several years and then went to the online version. i liked the features it had, but really didn’t like the 600.00 a year fee. for the most part it worked, but never all of the time. then when they raised the subscription price to 720.00 a year, that was it. i said good bye and found another program. no regrets!
log in feature.. new version requires you to log in each day, while this may not sound horrible, this app was created for ease of use. previous versions required you to log in once, then your finger print or 4 digit passcode would suffice. please bring that back.
better than sage. with a properly functioning mobile app, square integration & receiptexpense management, 10 times easier to use than sage(simply accounting)
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
not easy to use. simple tasks like entering a transaction are complex. app and online qb have a slow response when tapping things. just overall frustrating trying to switch from desktop qb to the app and online qb.
excellent for small biz and freelancers. as a freelance artist who travels a lot, this app (plus online access) suit all of my accounting needs. easy to follow after you've learned the basics, and love doing my monthly books while on the subway. has clients and books all in one place. helpful to see who owes money and to track income flows across each year. all the reports are fantastic. best accounting software out there, worth the investment imo.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
functions missing. works well enough but when receiving payments it doesn't allow you to pick the bank account. frequent problems with it locking up as well
so easy to do books on the go!. i cannot say enough about the convenience of the app. i use it as soon as i get paid to log payments on it novices and enter sales receipts. this app and hiring a bookkeeper have been the best financial tools for the success of my business!
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
needs improvement. very few items can be done via app. you can look up balances. needs more work.
great app. works great thanks for rhe ease of use and being able to do my books on the go
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
broken. can’t save any new invoice sales receipt... ipad pro iphone xs max nothing works
. cool app!
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
. app never up to date with website or it does not show you everything you can see online. sometimes you can't even see anyone's invoices or estimates. always an issue.
. very good support in bookkeeping
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
terrible. glitchy. doesn't update new transactions. hard to navigate compared to desktop qbo app. honestly, intuit knows it can do better than this. they're just greedy.
can invoice from anywhere. i can start invoices at the gym and finish them at the office ! no longer putting things off and forgetting about them we love it!
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
. no issues for me yet.
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
. signed on to the mobile app but it will not pull up the data for my business. keeps saying that there is a technical issue. have tried many times. no luck.
. very convenient app. makes business much easier.
. please add the option to take a picture to the receive and add it automatically to the transaction
. malfunctions on every level. did not attach a single receipt picture to the transaction. brought in the bank accounts and scrambled them. even on the desktop deposits are expenses and you cannot edit them
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
"buggy, rough, glitchy. frequently disconnectswon't sync to my companies data. frequently ""has trouble emailing this form"" when i try to send clients invoices. frequently is unable to save invoices. using 4g lte network and wifi with same results. says i'm offline when connected to wifi and network. only way to solve problems is seemingly to uninstall and reinstall app. update: now app frequently won't create pdf's that i can then print out. absolutely horrible for mobile business convenience."
a++++. great program!!!
problem with quickbooks. i am having a problem putting my logo as the letterhead on an invoice
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
best business app yet!. i love using qb for my small business it has been one of the most important things in my business. ease of operation, receiving payments and financial reports are just few of its great qualities. thanks qb!
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
keeps everything in one place. great app! i keep all my business and personal expenses logged and in place from my phone. i can also track multiple companies. gives me so much piece of mind and way easier for keeping track of taxes and book keeping.
owner operator. on the go? this app will help your business keep going without slowing down!
crashes all the time. no matter what version this is, it always crashes on me. i never use this this app, although it would be fantastic if i could.
. there should be a feature that allows you to send invoices to cell phones also other then just emails
. awesome intuit continues to improve the app. i feel like i get more for my money.
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
great app. this app  software really saves my life.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
not very good. there seems to be issues here. a lot of errors with login on this updated app. as well as having to wait so long for funds to be deposited. not happy
user friendly. this app is super easy to use
. slick app designed to make your business life better.
please add a vital function. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. adding bank deposits etc. surely it's time to add this to the app. for me it's unusable
the best app out there by far. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far. every update includes a very useful useable option. 👌🏽👌🏽
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) then hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. not working on tablet either. please fix asap. update: seems to be fixed now. thank you
qbo in general needs work. this app is limited in what you can do. qbo was rolled out before they were finished developing even some of the most basic features.
. the app does everything i need it to and more.
. it doesn't have a feature that allows to also monitor the business on the pc, i mean webversion linked to the app.
. sucks keeps saying i have update available but then everytime i try to download the upgrade i get error code 927 saying unable to complete download. with current app it doesn't allow me to look up past invoices. the things i use most are not on mobile app. all i do with it is print current invoices with my wireless eprinter and find customer contact numbers to call them. needs upgrading with more features.
. good app, but need an expert.
missing key funtions. app is great for billing and reviewing information. only function i see missing the would give this app a 5 star rating is it doesn't allow for time entry's to track employee times per job.
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
checking the books on the go. great app to have on the run
invoicing. i'm sending invoices easily!
horrible app even if subscribing!. subscribe to the app yet they want me to pay for a new subscription, waste of money for months!
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
. all new version is awesome this app is awesome! when intuit separated the quickbooks mobile app from this quickbooks online app they fixed a bunch of bugs and added a ton of features. if you have a quickbooks online subscription you need this app!
"bad idea. i downloaded to approve parole only to find i need a second app for that. two out of three ""recognized"" transactions are inaccurate. back to my mac for qb. ugly app guys. sorry..."
awesome. looking forward to seeing what's next!. there's times when i get fuel and the gas pump printer is out of paper. i pull out my phone, snap a picture of the purchase and expense it. brilliant. i would like to itouch login option. it's not to cool punching in your password while shivering. thanks qbo.
a couple requests. could you make the search able to search by words in the invoice. i do automotive repair. like if i typed in starter it would show all invoices with that in it
". you broke the app!!! can't attach pdfs to invoices anymore!!! it litteraly worked yesterday, and today a ""new"" interface. make a deal with adobe and fix it now!!! update no your solution doesn't help. i already new i could do this on the desktop version. app is still broken and your proposed solution is just as useless as you have rendered your app. fix it"
makes it easy. quickbooks has done nothing but make my life as a new business owner a breeze. i can expense purchases, write up invoices and so much more right from my phone when i'm out of the office it's amazing. i don't know where i would be without quickbooks
. no unit field in invoice or estimation. makes it impractical in real life transactions.
it only took intuit 10 years to get it right. finally! a cross platform that works where i do and i don't have to re enter all my data. however the search feature has gone rouge. i want to look at the last 30 days but it crashes every time. yes i have uninstalled ect. poor continuity.
. this app is very userfriendly
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
useless!. who is writing these positive reviews? this app is completely useless. it has none of the functionality of qb online, and neither does the mobile version accessible from a browser. with all of the money we spend monthly on qb products, the lack of useable features on mobile devices is extremely disappointing. can't even get a register balance? ridiculous!
. great app gets the job done on the go tied it and liked it!
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
. great app !!
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
touchid times out. unfortunately the touchid authentication doesn't work as you'd expect. the app constantly asks for you to enter a password even with it enabled.
. this app has been great for be and my small business it helps me to be able to stay on track of my invoices in and out at the touch of my screen.
missing a major key demographic.. although a good application, there are some things missing  like the ability to do business income taxes for t2 (corporations). this feature should be able to send those docs to cra in a format that ready to go. especially when small business corporations are being targeted in the media. help make this easier  there's no reason this feature should not be incorporated into the software.
. new update and now all it does is crash!
tooooo good app for business. good to make business easy
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
excellent software. so easy to use, it's great and self explanatory.
better improvement. app running better
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
love this app. fantastic and easy use. makes business transactions easy
. je n'arrive pas à le télécharger!! fini jamais ...... :(
. sucks. terrible app
. the quickbooks app has saved so much time from my life! i can send invoices while i'm traveling, see how my business is doing in a few taps, and save receipts so i don't have to keep them in a file! many more features besides these. i love it!
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
not reliable on weekends or holidays. times when i have to work on weekends or holidays i have the most issues logging in and being able to invoice customers. there is also times when i can’t login during the week, i’m guessing due to quickbooks working on servers! wish i could install as a program on my tablet instead of a app or still be able to use offline to print an invoice and receipt
great app for on the go bookkeeping. i really enjoy having mobile access to my books.
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
. this app not work in my phone .i am opening this the screen is black.i am purchased 1 year subscription in last two days back.
brilliant!. after years of using outdated and under performing sage software, finally i can use a truly mobile cloud based app that fulfils all the needs of a small business. come change of tax year make the switch, it's easy and you will wish you had done it years ago.
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
. sucks keeps saying i have update available but then everytime i try to download the upgrade i get error code 927 saying unable to complete download. with current app it doesn't allow me to look up past invoices. the things i use most are not on mobile app. all i do with it is print current invoices with my wireless eprinter and find customer contact numbers to call them. needs upgrading with more features.
sweetness!. clearly...they have small, growing businesses in mind. this app has really brought our company to the next level. we love it!
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
feed. need to be able to change from sales receipt to invoice without canceling and starting over. would also be nice if every few months we didn’t have to delete and reinstall
. very good app
. as a quickbooks user anytime i'm in need of the app it's been brilliant. missing a few key features, but as i mainly stick to the web version it's fantastic when needed
awful. doesn't work.. logs me out instantly every time i sign in... wish i could evaluate more. love the online version, but this app is struggling.
. really helps me track my buisness expenses
i am impressed!. i had to leave a review after being able to set up a new customer and then bill them all from my iphone! not a detail was missing compared to the desktop cloud version of quick books. good job intuit!
. i use this app while i had my quickbooks trial, and it seemed to be working fine. the minute i subscribed, the app stopped working properly. i emailed support, no one seems to be answering my questions, and when i phone the customer service, they don't know how to help with the app. i'm stuck and ready to cancel the whole thing.
efficient. makes my life a lot easier i can create invoices. customers can pay their bill right in front of me what i sent them to the email. can’t get no better than that
better improvement. app running better
app doesn’t recognize credentials. this app worked well for me until the most recent update. now i cant login, says can’t find the account with this emailpassword. this is very annoying since i travel frequently without a laptop. now i’ve lost the ability to access my accounts via the app.
makes it easy. so glad i decided to go with quickbooks, update daily to keep track of expenses and sales. fantastic for my business.
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
. incredibly buggy, takes forever to open and crashes on every action. cannot move from xero to quickbooks while the apps remains this bad.
great app. easy to setup and use.
add more countries. i really love this app but my country, ghana is not part of the selected countries please kindly add it.
buggy. since updating to the latest version i can’t view invoices from the home screen or even update and send invoices from the invoices screen. hire some competent engineers.
professional.. this app helps me quickly and easily stay looking professional and on time with my invoices and government payments
ios 13. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please. thank you all fixed now
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
oakes firewood llc. great app! love it! easy and fast to use. good job!
. good app, but please can you add mode of payment to sale receipts and receive payment. anytime i do sale receipt on the app, it post the cash directly to undeposited fund account i created instead of bank account of cash and cash equivalent that i created... please help us fix this pls
. i can't see reports on this app
awesome!. this is app is like a holy grail! ‼️🙌🏾 it works really well with my iphone too💙💙
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
poor update. unfortunately this latest update has a bug which believes i am on a free trial which has expired. i can still log in to the system on the internet but the ios versions do not work on ipad or iphone for me now. in addition, an option to receive funds in to another account other than the main current account would be a great feature to implement on ios which is sadly lacking at the moment.
great app. just started to use. easy to navigate. have had no issues.
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
amazing. great app and really easy to use. no need to wait to be at the office to do any transaction, all done easy and simple right on the spot!!!!!!!
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
game changer. this has been a fantastic app. having the ability to access our estimating and billing from any devise has been great !
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
last update killed this app. i can't even.... will wait for the next update g to then i can't use it.
awesome!. i was hesitant about switching from desktop top to online, but once i adapted i found it was so convenient for people on the go. very simple and easy and ver accurate between desktopiphoneipad. extremely happy i made the change, highly recommended.
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
i'd complain about crashing. but it won't even open. i used this app every single day for years, now its trash?! get it working please. i have paperwork that needs to get done.
awesome. looking forward to seeing what's next!. there's times when i get fuel and the gas pump printer is out of paper. i pull out my phone, snap a picture of the purchase and expense it. brilliant. i would like to itouch login option. it's not to cool punching in your password while shivering. thanks qbo.
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
. doesn't have a way to track milage like qb self employed. we pay more money and get less features. qb is more concerned about segmenting the market to make more money than providing the best products. beware of qb scams and desire to gouge your pocket book.
easy!. this tool is really awesome!
. halimuzzaman syed. islami bank ltd bangladesh.
the worst app ever. this app is the worst app i have ever used. takes too long to update data .... and sync hardly ever works... does not have overview screen where it shows balances on accounts... no option to sort list differently... showing the oldest payments, open invoices on top... no option to change sorting methods... too many things to list...
handy and convenient.. i love this app. it is easy to use and always have it all at office when you go to do bookkeeping there. reports may be something to add so i could we what customer owe me. thx
. don't waste your time with other apps
". i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it."
. great app
. all selfemploy business need a quickbook to hepl delivered business closure with your busines transaction .
". you broke the app!!! can't attach pdfs to invoices anymore!!! it litteraly worked yesterday, and today a ""new"" interface. make a deal with adobe and fix it now!!!"
just what i needed. i run a small contractor business doing remodel work. the mobile app has been a godsend. i can track all my estimates, invoices & expenses in one place. helps me track clients that are late payers too (which sometimes happens). i like it. 100% worth the subscription
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
poor. need to put password in every time i start can't write a service invoice and an amount
awesome app. feature rich and also user friendly
. not the smoothest running game app
could be much better.. this app needs lots of work. is not possible to assign an expense as billable. is also not possible to add markup from this app. lame.
works well. i don't use this app a lot but every time i do it was worked well enough.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
was an excellent app but...... never had a problem up to a month ago. upgraded my phone to galaxy s7 and now app does not work. this glitch needs to be fixed asap. i rely on this as i'm out in the feild daily.
. very easy to work with and always someone to help you if problems occur
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
new version stinks. one of the main reasons i use the app is so that i can pull up my customers entire transaction history when i'm out in the field. the previous version did that beautifully. other problems as well.
. great app
a handy little companion but it wont replace the website. a number of features from the web portal are missing such as matching bank transactions but its ok to use simply to check your chart of accounts and to record expenses.
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
. very easy to use mobile app means i can invoice quickly!
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
. with a little creative googling this app can be very easy to implement.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
new update horrible. it's always been glitch but since the new update i can't add products to the estimate and customer service is clue less in how to resolve the issue.
. simple to navigate
ios 13. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please. thank you all fixed now
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
great app. since the last update everything seems great. if an option to maintain inventory is added then this app will be perfect for anyone.
good but could be better. many features that are online, you cannot use in the app. even the online version is limited.
"i can' t even register. ""server error "" i've sent emails and "" reported the issue"" but no response. i've used desktop quickbooks for years and was hoping to have the convenience of qbo on my phone. but now i think i'll just start looking for another online program"
business solutions made simple. it's really great to have such an app to manage the business. the best part is linking the bank account with the quickbooks gives the brilliant touch of managing accounts easily. it's been more than 6 months since i started using. one suggestion is that if they could add the birthday remainders that would be great. recommended for start ups and pioneers.
sage. there are far too many bugs for my business to depend on this. what is really more important than dependability in book keeping software? besides there are very limited features to begin with.
update. please fix soon app opens and closes after update.
easy to use. very easy to use and can so it when ever is convenient for u
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
. doesn't really do much in the big quickbooks picture
highly recommend. as an accountant, i use quickbooks everyday on a variety of clients. i wouldn’t recommend any other software. the cloud based platform is ideal for ease of access and management.
onion vs. desktop. i have just purchased the desktop version. i would.like to use the app to record my expenses on the fly. from what i can tell you need to have an online account to do so. please help if there is a way.
. there is a lack of flexibility. it seems like the app was modeled with a streamlined appraoch to limited process. maybe over a few business' but i am used to more flexibility that you would expect in an app like quickbooks but isn't.
great app for qb online. when i need an invoice sent out and i'm away from my pc, qb solved the inconvenience with this app. one thing i can't find is how to change the figure slide login.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
waste of time. horrible sync, features missing. do not waste your time.
best app ever!. this app makes it easy to do all the things i need to do for my business. it allows for flexibility and mobility which is needed in a business like mine.
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
very handy little app. as said in other reviews it is a little different from the computer version but it is such an easy way for me to do my invoices on the go! it's all set to go and it tracks all of my invoices and sends me reminds of unpaid one too! great little helper!
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
makes business happen!. this powerful app makes my business happen! very easy to make sales on the go and keep track of all my ins and outs. thank you!
good mobile app.. good app. unfortunately it won't allow you to look up customers by address.
bad update. each time i go to use the app i have to fully log in, choose what company info i want and have it reload everything. in the past i used to use my fingerprint scanner or a 4 digit code. needs to be fixed.
solid for business. great app for a small nonprofit. easy to navigate and i appreciate the prompts!
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
top notch app for businesses. makes it so easy to run my business on the go!!!!
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be. please fix back
. this is really a great tool for quickly adding expense to your accounts. definitely a time saver
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
. my wife has this app and it works well for her business. i got this app based on her recommendation but unfortunately it has been full of technical difficulties. several hours wasted on talking to tech support and was told the tech team might resolve issues in a week. all details of my invoices are erased and wrong dates are shown on all invoices amongst other problems. wish they could solve this faster, has been very stressful experience so far for me.
"no problems so far. i've only been using for about a week but no issues yet. i do wish qb would add a ""orders"" option that could then be invoiced."
. cant add expenses or clients to qb through my smart phone
. since the most recent update i cannot see my dashboard or add expenses to my company. fix it. done all diagnostic steps so this update is invalid. galaxy s10+ here
. game changer. invoicing and tracking expenses just got so easy. it's amazing, and i am only sad i didn't know about it sooner!
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have littleno confidence in the product.
. love this app!! so simple and extremely convenient.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
using for almost 30 yrs and about to quit. very sad that they charge for every issue now, to pay a bill, to use an invoice, even to do a credit for a vendor. it's going to be less expensive to hire a book keeper!
great for simple tasks. love the quick view and invoicing. easy to attach receipts. wish i could do bank rec
expenses. how can i add a credited amount in expenses? in the qb online mobile apps??
. tried twice now to add my bank account and no luck, keeps saying i'm logged in on another device but i'm not. been into online support twice now and they can't fix it so the app is pointless to me
. very good online accounting software .please update with reports for android version.
. you have to pay and i am looking for a free app to do my stuff
please fix it !. with ios13 the app is crashing all the time , for example when a i select a client immediately crash
no complaints. does the job.
. good app, but it is expensive....
not for administrators. this app may be alright for sales people but doesn't do bookkeepers and admin people any good. i need to check register balances, p & l and balance sheets. this app doesn't allow for that.
. this is a great app! makes billing expenses and invoicing so much easier!
great accounting software. i previously used myob, thank goodness i changed to this  it is light years ahead and is saving me huge amounts of time.
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
great for small business. such a time saver, easy for business owner, accountant and bookkeeper to enter review and lodge bas. love the fact i can take photos of receipts to back them up and also add attachments to invoices etc. such a great software with web access also
. most of the times search for customers, invoice numbers, amount etc doesn't works. keeps on saying something went wrong!!! please get sortout this issue urgently.
bull. don't work. won't let u log inn. all bullshit. i'll stick to the one that works. invoice to go
. makes live a lot easier
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
great. great software.
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
. app keeps crashing on lg g6.
. easy navigation, easy access to invoices
able to view lots. able to view lots, but this app is not the same as the online version.
not nearly as good as the desktop version.. the idea is great but i need it to be able to update to and from my desktop version easily which is nearly impossible.
great app. love having qb on my phone to receive payments, send invoices and other routine activities.
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
. great app
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
. web version is working but not the app.
limited company. absolutely brilliant. allows me to create and send clients invoices no matter where i am. without doubt the best accountsbusiness management system available. so simple to use and effective
online user. i find this program easy to navigate then the desktop. not as cluttered as the desktop compact
touchid barely works. this is a slightly less clunky way of entering new invoices, etc than using the quickbooks website on a phone. but the touchid function barely works. at best, once enabled, it remembers the setting for three or four logins, but then asks for the password again. very poor.
convenient, convenient, convenient!. as a small contractor always on the go this app is great with easy access to all my info. only downfall is lack of progress billing from an invoice, but i have found a work around.
access to qb contacts please. love this app, means i can work while out with the kids. would be better if my phone was allowed access to my quickbooks contacts as my husband adds the contacts and they call before i have chance to add them to my phone.
. not nearly as useful as the desktop version very weak app. still needs tons of improvement
great tool. this app helps me keep track of my business finances and at the click of a button i can see who owes me money or who i owe money to. really useful!!
fix crash. my quickbooks app was crashing on my ipad 3, after i did the upgrade. press and hold the app icon and uninstall it. then, download it again. it now works.
. it's doesn't work in india
great convenient tool in my pocket. easy tool that makes managing my business easy. i love that i can track expenses and receipts by syncing my banks count and snapping pictures with my cell phone. super convenient features that recognize future transactions and automatically categorizes them. the only downfall thus far, is that it keeps crashing! please fix it so it can be five stars instead of 4.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
jason arnold. so far quickbooks has been great. their program has some flaws i’m told they are working on. the payroll is very very slow to get up and running. but all i. all it saves me time and money
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
app not working. the app won't open on my phone.... just says downoading company info. have already rebooted phone and reinstalled
grateful for this software. i have an easy time figuring it out. overall i like this app. thanks would like to have a few other features like an easy way to delete mistakes. 102014. the customer support and tech support is awesone! fast, accurate and efficient! thank you.
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
worst customer support ever. worst customer support in history. using their software and need cs is the best ticket to drive you out of business.
nice app!. suits my needs...
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
works good for me. i use quick books to invoice, put in costs, and see roughly how the company is doing financially. easy to use. i read all reviews but some are not liking it while others do. depends on what your using it for. simple and easy that's what i like.
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
disappointed. the app on iphone is murch better. this app doesn't enable me to take pictures of recipes. very limited. needs to be more like the iphone app
. a few more functions on the mobile app would be awesome, but super convenient nonetheless
no good color and texture of sreen. it hard to seen no c olor in photos
. why doesn't this app work at all on my samsung?? its saying it can't be supported.
. good app gives me all the basics on my phone
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
charge for an expense???. can't even include an expense on an invoice. rubbish !!!!
mr.. brilliant program, cost efficient and very accessible.
keep crush !. my iphone version is ios11.2.1. i can’t open this app. keep crushing. please fix asap.
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
. awesome. not a tech savvy guy. super easy for me to invoice and track my business.
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
. i would rate the app 5 stars if you could trust that the info was accurate. i have, so many times, quoted customers their balance on my route only to discover that it is missing invoices. it appears that this app is virtually worthless as recent invoices are never uploaded to app.
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
“updates”. every time i go to do something the app says it has to log me out to run updates. getting sick of typing my password constantly. (literally 100% of the time i try and use the app.) pretty much just use the website these days.
. love the mobile app. it's quicker to enter in info than the desktop , especially when your on the go. i just love that feature.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
awesome. great app and very easy to use!
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
login. i can't get my country grenada or it's currency to start the process
it's my business anywhere. i can invoice on the go, check my accounts and keep doing business in my travels. love it.
easy iphone app. i like it, it’s easy enough to navigate on my iphone. you cannot do everything that you can do on the computer but it takes care of most business.
"error. i dont even understand why massage always popup said ""failed to connect with server"" when everytime tried to login using this app..send several of email to support team but theres no answer n solution..please do something i am a quickbooks online plus subscriber.."
. great little app. like that it syncs with online version. also like the big fonts and easy to read.
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
nada funciona , nada de soporte y ningún tutorial. soy economista y sé cómo trabajar con aplicaciones y ordenadores . es una de las peores aplicaciones que conozco y si quiero saber cómo hacerlo no hay tutorías o quia que explica lo que quiero hacer . no la compres
small biz owner. i can't function without this app. perfect for the owner on wheels and phones constantly.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
can't get anything!. i use qb at home and this app does not bring up any information that is needed. very frustrating when on the go. please fix!!!
dispatcher. i can actually keep up with calls now with this mobile app
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
awful. i don’t typically leave negative reviews but if i have to watch an invoice that i am editing disappear one more time i’ll loose my mind. clunky and prehistoric programme pen and paper would be quicker
amazing. it is a great app. so powerful i can do my full estimate and invoice and the best feature entering in my receipts for expenses and it's so easy!
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
useless out in the field can't work off line. useless out in the field can't work off line and constantly wants you to refresh data. does not support star portable printers. waist of space on cell phone gave it a second try useless creating a invoice have to use search window to find items. had to go use desktop instead of my ipad pro because would of took all night to do a invoice.
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone. my only gripe with the app and it's operations is that not all of my customer emails that are sent are being received by my customers. i have highlighted this to quickbooks and they were extremely unhelpful in assisting with rectifying this matter, which i found extremely disappointed given this is a paid subscription service, and not a free service.
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
update breaks layout in iphone xr. latest update breaks the invoices page layout. long client names force the amount column into a single space column. now the amounts show like this. $1 2 3 4 instead if this $1234
. awesome business app
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
helped a lot. i am so happy that i listened to the accountant at work who recommended qb to me. it has made tracking business expenses and my taxes so much easier.
better than desktop. used to use desktop version of quick books which unless you were an accountant was near impossible for the average person to use. qb online is so much more user friendly!
what’s going on?. i’m paying almost $11month for an app that “can’t update payment information right now.” this has been going on for weeks. i can’t even send current invoices. pointless to have at this time.
great app. perfect to keep track of your business accounting.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
. the newest update has completely wiped all of my information. i cannot see any content at all whatsoever on the app. i use this for everything. horrible
qb app for keeping biz virtual!. helps keep me in the know while on the go!
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
. this app requires a password even though i chose google login. if i need a password anyway, what's the point of a google login?! quickbooks online doesn't require it. disappointed and uninstalling. i have enough accounts as it is.
easy!. it's great being able to pull up my info on the go
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
ios 13 doesn’t work. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please
. is a great app
improve your customer service. the program it’s self is easy to use, but if you need to call the customer service you have to request it by logging on and emailtext or the other problem is they don’t speak english well. with increasing prices they should have great customer service just saying!
deposit. tried many times with support how to do deposit with app no one can tell me how using tablet very frustrating
. good app
. needs more function like the web based app
not good for multiple businesses. this app is very basic. can't even view multiple accounts without logging out and logging back in.
great app...does what it says.. just started to use, and i am loving it!
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
. what is the schedule to have bank of america accounts working with quickbooks again? i'm thinking it may be better to cancel my subscription and switch to a better solution.
. love the app..easy and user friendly
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
bad update. used to work good until last update now when i open the app is says downloading company data, gets stuck there for ages. if it finally loads, there are no customer invoices, just payments. tried deleting the app and reinstalling but does the same thing. the pc app works fine and my employees have samsung phones and they haven't complained of any issues may just be an iphone app problem.
convenient access to financial information. we recently switched over from the desktop version of qb and have found the app to be a convenient way to view financial statements. i also really like the ability to take pictures of receipts and attach them to expenses from my mobile phone.
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
it's definitely gotten better. but the service address and being able to input seperate service and invoice dates are absolutely essential functions for me and their absence from the app makes the whole thing more or less unusable!
make that 6 stars. love love love this app! makes life easier!
. it's real basic. if you want to keep track of your balances, create estimates and receive payments, then it's fine.
. after updating i cannot add a negative item in charges for discounts and stuff. why. will cancel sub soon if not fixed
good but need more adding. covers all your needs a lot of options, nice app, few missing things like no specific area for the barcode when you creat a new item. it’s friendly use but need more simplicity other than that it’s ok
ios 13. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please. thank you all fixed now
can't find internet?. every time i try to log in i get an error message that there is no internet to connect to which is bull. it's on my cell phone so there's wifi and data. very disappointed.
great app, easy to use. love being able to manage my business on the go. could use more features, but it's still a great app and quickbooks is always updating it. :)
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
since ios 13 update not working. since ios 13 update not working so frustrating
. this app is easy to use, once you get the hang of it. i can take pictures of all receipt which makes it easy to keep track.
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
bugs. there are alot of bugs in the app. i am about to go back to square. the app keep giving alot of errors.
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
bitch ur fucked. all over culiacan and the net
sucks. half ass 30 day trial. sucks. put ads in the app and make it free. morons
simply the best. simple and easy to understand and use. above all, the free technical support is out of this world. go for it, you cannot go wrong.
expensebill data missing in app. expense and bill data is not available in the iphone app while accessible online. what is the meaning of the app when i can't see any of my vendor bills or company expenses. development team???
very limited!. i prepare weeks of invoices on my desktop for my 3 crews. unfortunate the online version rarely finds the invoices, and i end up having to go back to the old way of exporting pdf invoices. i feel like the desktop has so many flaws already, and the app is basically a worse version. i expect more from a legit company, but maybe i'm asking too much.
. the quickbooks mobile app is userfriendly and has most of the functions available the pc app has.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
. the app does not work on any android tablet. works on my android phone but, not on any of my four tablets. will be cancelling our subscription if not fixed soon.
. quickbooks accounting app is convenient an easy to navigate.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
great improvement. i'd been using a really old pc version and am amazed at how much the app has changed, for the better too.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
. the app is currently not working as i cannot login for the last few days. i can login to their website so it's just the app. i have sent the error log a few times and still no fix. i have deleted the app and redownloaded still no luck.
qb online. tout ce qu'il faut pour la pme. facilité, mobilité, flexibilité! un support technique accessible, compétent et rapide.
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
. takes awhile for the accurate data to load. you have to refresh a few times. does not pull up anything when selecting any kind of activity on a customers account.
. best accounting app
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
terrible support  avoid. terrible, terrible support. continual promises of call backs from customer support agents on live chat never happen because the bugs you find are too hard. open tickets for bugs never get resolved. you ask for a supervisor or manager and you have to email the person you’re complaining about?! get told that because of system bugs you have to manually delete the key back in multiple entries. you’ll be left at year end with books that don’t balance like me. avoid!
no major complaints thus far. pretty convenient to do on the phone. i guess it's worth the subscription fee.
almost perfect. it would be perfect if there was an overview dashboard that showed outstanding invoices like the online dashboard.
ios 13 crash. an awful app that is made even less useful in ios13 because it just crashes straight after running.
best app i've used!. i started my small business with quickbooks and i was able todo everything in one application! from sale receipts, expenses, lodging gst and more. i would highly recommend quickbooks to all business owners
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
crashes on ios13. crashes on login as others have noted. unusable now.
awesome app. makes invoicing quick and easy.
accounts. simple is the new smart
quickbooks mobile app crashes continuously, unusable. the quickbooks mobile app crashes continuously and is totally unusable in it’s current condition on ipad. frustrating and we are planning to switch accounting app companies, after years with quickbooks program. intuit seems unconcerned with fixing the problem that has been plaguing our recordkeeping for weeks now.
love it. so easy to use and fantastic customer support for those of us who are not good at this kind of thing, would highly recommend quickbooks for all small businesses, we love that being online we can have it on all our devices and have what ever we need on hand all the time, no more leaving quotes at home! invoicing on the run is great too.
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
way too limited. the app for the ipad is too basic. i can create an invoice and email or print but if i need to print an existing invoice there is no option to do this. after receiving payments there is no way to deposit them to my bank. i can't believe that qb would release an app before testing it. i am hoping that there will be an upgrade soon to make it functional. disappointed!
. good app works good it saves allot of time, go payment should be integrated into the app
add more countries. i really love this app but my country, ghana is not part of the selected countries please kindly add it.
not good. app and site are actually kind of bad. slow to load. not enough options. will try xero soon
. great app
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
. they have stop me for using the software and didn't tell me why.
. great app great
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
. the app crashes half the time i try to use it.
great for what i need to do. also does payroll!. overall pretty decent. it has everything i need. though there are so things that aren't user friendly and not exactly customizable. all in all, definitely would recommend it!
very handy  will stop the boss bugging me!. good app for the boss to have. super easy to check on customers invoices overdue etc. would like to see timesheet daily activity integration please  perhaps with a contollable daily multiple nag me to enter times feature? with timesheet integration i could roll this out to other staff :) cheers!
small business owner. absolutely awful. i was forced to switch to online because of a fatal error of the desktop version on mac seirra. there are so many bugs and things that aren't available on online that were on the desktop. i literally call support for 2hrs a day.
handy. great app! can create estimates and get signatures right on my phone!
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
. there are many bugs and glitches. the ios version allows bank feed updates and this one doesn't!! still doesn't. still buggy.
great improvement!. makes entering expenses & invoicing so much easier.
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
live it a lot. convenient and simple
great app but sign in issues. wont let me sign in anymore keeps sayin error restart app.
app crashes after each action. i use the desktop version most of the time but when i need to use it when away, it’s really frustrating that the app shuts after every action making doing anything painfully cumbersome.
contractor couldn't live without it. i use this app every time i bill a client and can provide him with an accurate, complete invoice and receive payment on the spot. importing customers from my contacts is a great help. a musthave complement to quickbooks online.
missing functionality  registers updated. the app itself is pretty clean and easy to use. however it is missing some important functionality, namely registers. there is no access to your bank or credit card registers, or to check their respective balances... for a financial application, this is a major missing piece. here's hoping this will be added soon. update: this has been fixed. now waiting for making deposits...
did update have had issues ever since. cannot download all of he files needed keep getting error code 10000. no resolution
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
. great app. could do with some improvements which i'm sure will happen. my biggest problem is you can't update your banking transactions through the app, you have to use the website. if you click refresh, nothing ever happens. it's annoying to have to go to the website.
sync problema.... does not sync transactions with business bank and credit card unless you login to the quicbooks website...i have to login to the website all the time to use the app..what good is the app..disappointed that such a well funded company can have such a poorly developed app
very nice. pretty good mobile app
nice but buggy. first i'd like to thank you for a great app that makes my business easy on the go! needs some attention but on my s5 it doesn't appear in the multitask list and my friends iphone has the ability to match bank feeds also which is missing on my android?
. useless app. not user friendly. waste of money. major disappointment
i love this better than their computer program!!!!. i love this app better than my computer program they have, it's easier to use & easier to track your expenses & sales. i recommend this to all my friends that basically run their business out of a vehicle saves on extra work when you get home.
. is a great app to have downside is it tends to not load half the time. i have uninstalled and reinstalled and it continues to have an issue with loading.
difficulty downloading. i have used the application for years, but the whole system has trouble downloading new activity. very frustrating.
great app. the best invoice maker i ever had! great services
great app. need security code.. the app has lot of confidential data. please add security code to open the app, similar to quicken.
needs help. if you have multiple locations this app is useless cause you cannot assign a class to the expense.
easier than i thought. works well for what i need it for, and makes tracking accounts simple.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
too slow. too slow, freezes, doesn't show if the email has been sent and other things... quick sale is way better.
. quickbooks online has been an invaluable management tool for my small business. i give professional estimates for services & am able to create invoices, receive payment, & track income, expenses, etc.
suscripción suspendida! ya pague! pero sigue suspendida ayuda. ayuda ! esta suspendida y no puedo facturar
crashes on opening. restating tablet did not help. uninstallinv and reinstalling did not help. disappointed. update... per instructions, emailed the person listed below. no reply. not the way to act if you want me to increase my rating.
. great app! i do wish the pricing was lower
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
. very slow and not convenient as current fast trend requirements....it's waste of money..i really suggest for zoho..very good..very fast ....best service and users convenient... still after your review, i'll suggest for zoho because of there are many function which is available on handly face which is many time i was given suggestion to quick books team but there was nothing improvement and after waiting so much time, i'll go for zoho which is too much easy to made my business. not given refund
great app. if you run a business this app is a no brainer. just like being on the computer.
mr. recent updates have slowed both the phone and computer app to a crawl. very frustrating. otherwise a very good app on my phone.
dissapointed. this is the frontline of my business as i am a mobil service technician. app no longer will save or complete an invoice. this is crippling my business! fixxxxxx please immediately!
pretty good. i'm a musician. very convenient for tracking my business. would be even better if it tracked mileage to and from my gigs. then perhaps a report on that too. otherwise, great!
. this app works great on my computer but will not allow you to accept deposits on a mobile device.
. sucks. cant login. all intuit apps are broken. support takes weeks to respond. i going to cancel my monthly service and go with a different accounting software. longtime customer but no longer.
love it!!. makes life easier being able to enter transactions from my phone!
. for billing trying to learn
. i am totally dissatisfied with qb small business app and quickbooks in general. i'm also using an android and having the same syncing problem. i will be cancelling my subscription with quickbooks altogether and will be going with one of their competitors. it has been a waste of my time with all the phone calls with their technical support in the philippines who gave totally incorrect information about the issue which was clarified when i spoke to customer service in sydney.
. most used app on my phone
business management made easy.... quickbooks has taken the pain and most of the time out of bookkeeping for my photography business. it lets me spend my time working with customers and get invoices out promptly to get paid!
. terrible. does not recognize my company credit card as a credit card, add o i couldn't add expense charged to it. doesnt recognize my cash account from my chart of accounts for when i tried to apply a cash receipt. clearly not ready for prime time.
. helpful and useful
owner operator. on the go? this app will help your business keep going without slowing down!
. extremely slow. no it not slow wifi no it's not the device note 10 it's just a slow app
love it. works hand in hand with my computer program
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
needs a lot of work. app does not show up in recent app list. also it does not sync automatically.
. if your running a small business, this is a must have. it makes everything easy and stress free
doesn’t work. i have an iphone 8 and all of a sudden this app stops working. i call quickbooks and they can’t fix it. they closed the case in one day. don’t walk away from this company, run away.
bugs galore. i hvae been using this app now for 4 years and it is the buggiest app i have ever used. there are times where the app works flawlessly, and when it does it is a great tool, however this is a small percentage of the time. i would not recommend using the online version to anyone using the desktop version. the worst thing about the app is that you cannot transfer the content to the desktop version for mac.
. this app coupled with the web based app is the best thing i have seen for small business. cut book work down to an hour a night rather than 3. the ability to send both quotes and invoices on the go saves hours. works extremely well with the paid web app happy as with both
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
please fix this asap!!!!. this update is horrible and does not work properly at all! data doesn't refresh and i keep getting error messages. the only (very temporary) fix is to delete the app and redownload it  daily! lame! this must be addressed immediately.
brilliant. used other software apps before now and this one knocks socks off them, can access all my account details and add bills and send invoices so much easier during the day now, knocks about 30minutes a night off my admin
enables my business.... ...to run smooth and accurately from monthtomonth, yeartoyear. managing multiple clients and accounts would be a nightmare without quickbooks.
really bad app. this app is really bad, lacks everything you would want from a app that is suppose to work with you online quick books. no registry access!
. would be even more great if you could send your invoice with whattsapp
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
. very slow. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. quite disappointed with it.
brilliant app with loads of features!. so easy to use. so easy to learn. instant bank feeds. invite your accountant & bookkeeper & other users. so much support from intuit & the australian team. what's not to like? intuit have put together a great product for the small to medium business owner. thoroughly recommend this product.
subscription renewal poorly thought out. i have been using qbonline for more than a year. it picked the worst time to time out and demand a subscription renewal. further it requires multiple logins and you must be st your desk top. nothing more frustrating than what amounts to a software crash when you are trying to get things done. huge fail quickbooks
useless for sure. qbo is useless. can’t login with google account. forces me to create a newseparate password. can’t really access qbo via a browser on ipad. overall terrible experience. i’m sure it’s equally apple and qbo fault.
wish we could drill down on reports. i like this app but wish that i could drill down to details on the reports. thank you for your work on this.
no bills. has great functions except cannot enter billsinvoices from vendors.
. this app keeps getting error loading items, to invoice and estimates can't use it. i call them for support and they have no support they referred me to log in on the web site and the same happens the search button flashes and dispensers. don't waste your time and money. if any one know about a good and reliable app let me know. this one is not reliable nor is their support.
. love this app for it's ability to let me keep track of my job expenses and billing amounts. i will certainly recommend this app for my colleagues.
my company has grown with quickbooks. i logged in my first invoice in quickbooks the summer of 2001 when i started my first business. over the years, i have not used any other software other than.
needs more functionality. time tracking capabilities are missing which make this unusable for me, forcing me to use the online version which defeats the purpose of this app. it doesn't really make sense to release an ios version that can only do a portion of the tasks.
exceptional. this is incredible intuitive software that keeps you completely up to date. it saves hours of time. this is very easy to use. highly recommend for every business owner.
not free. wish there was an app like this for free the soon i started free trial next step was if i wanted 3months and pay or have a small discount and still pay :
horrible horrible app. this new version is terrible! it will not save invoices for payments when i apply them, but then when i log in to the desktop version there's duplicate and triplicate payments.
so simple it hurts. a comprehensive yet easy to use accounting package...brilliant...
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
functional with problems. the latest update took away the ability to choose territory in the app even though using a web browser does. i contacted intuit to report the problem. very nice but nothing has been done to fix it. also, common reports aren't available in the app.
waste of space. all we want to do is access quick books online via our ipads. this app is worthless. as my business continues to grow we will obviously be looking for a software provider that listens to clients instead of putting out disappointments like this. save the space on your ipad and don't bother.
. nice app
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
needs time keeping entry. quickbooks really needs to come up with an app to do their time entry for quickbooks online
. best thing quickbooks has ever done. this is so convenient, i use it more then the actual online. invoicing, printing, emailing.. everything you can do online is available in this app
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
. won't send invoices to customers, complete waste of time and money would not recommend to anybody.
. i love it ...just wish i could personalize information fields on the invoices to accommodate the type of work we do mobile mechanics add fields for vehicle # vin # license plate and mileage would be awesome
lots of shortcomings. qo is great and this app is ok. too bad so many features are missing
app crashes. ever since update cannot open app. need to fix immediately.
qbo app. great to know i can do invoices etc on the go.
nearly as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices
. zero stars if i could. app never tracks my milage and is constantly failing. waste of money.
great app. it is what it is. it an app. it won't have all the features of a computer and you should not expect it to. does exactly what i need it to in the field.
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right. update 020219; still has constant logout problems after all these years. would give 0 stars if i could.
don’t bother if you don’t have an accounting degree. this app is terrible. it doesn’t allow me to do anything that i need to day to day and then i have to go back at the end of the month and redo almost everything i have done for the month. waste of money and time. an excel spreadsheet is more accurate.
. great app... i like that i can do everything i need to do, and it updates on my other devices too. i would like the option to print invoices from the app that would be a great update.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality  i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
quicken easy. easy to use great mobile app which meets my company needs very well.
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
buggy. try to submit feedback and can’t within the app. they removed the quantity column from invoices and their support is dismissive. this is a big company who price gouges and doesn’t really care about it’s customers.
. great app... i like that i can do everything i need to do, and it updates on my other devices too. i would like the option to print invoices from the app that would be a great update.
qb. it would be 5 but i use it on several devices doesn't sync well phone app need more functilnality
down graded. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the phone app is all but useless.
. great accounting software
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
. makes my job so much easier
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
doesn't work on ios. unable to login. this is a known issue with qb and ios9. support states it is indefinitely not working. guess they don't have anyone capable of writing code. intuit is a real company, right? embarrassing.
no other compares. no other accounting software appprogram compares or gives you the power and knowledge at your finger tips. great app. easy to use. tons of features. perfect or managing your business on the go!!
ios 13. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please. thank you all fixed now
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
awesome. love this app!! so easy and quick to use
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
. worst app don't use it. it shows us a very professional look and feel but truth is that it doesn't work in android mobile in india and online version of desktop is totally sucks just because it is very slow. these peoples are making fool of us totally.
. makes it so much easier to get things done, while i'm on the go go go. it's a great help to my business.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
negative stars  if possible. i find it amazing intuit promotes such an obvious clunker. why don't they just buy square and tie that in  or at least imitate it. intuit is lost when it comes to transactional businesses. at any rate  as almost all users point out here  this app is useless and should be an embarrassment to intuits development team.
very useful app. i only wish it was just a bit more robust, like the software.
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
reduced feature set. previous version:the feature set of the web based app is not matched. (previous mentioned currency and time records). update: removed a lot of preexisting functionality and did not add any missing functions. much worse than before. cannot find a list of invoices due to a supplier. clicking on a particular supplier brings up only the address particulars.
good on the go. it’s easy to make invoices on the spot for customers and receive payments. i still prefer sitting at a computer but this app really helps while i’m on the go!
need packing slip option. add the option to send packing slips from the mobile app
. terrible app. really let's you down. i've toyed to log in numerous times only to be told my session has expired.
quick and easy. it really is.. i love the new qb online.. great job.. the app is awesome
only problem. i have a few problems the app is very slow when editing email address in the send invoice i don’t see a few things that i’d like  discounts for example no way to customize message to different customers most of this is pretty minor biggest issue is reconciliation of books at end of year
no bill?. come on, we can do all things with expense and nothing with bills? bills are the big part of our business expenses from our vendors. they are not even added to the total expense on the summary dashboard, how can we really tell how our business is doing when a big chunk of cost not appearing? please include the ability to enterviewedit bills asap.
. great app...has issues every now and again but easily fixed with tech support!
. slick app designed to make your business life better.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
awesome. the app provides an excellent opportunity to update all expenditures to find out exactly what's in my bank account anywhere i have signal for my phone.
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
error when logging in. my first time logging in and it just say there was a error. i send the error log via mail. waiting...
wow!. really cool app! it's linked on all my device! i can make invoices on my phone and send it to my clients directly from email! cool stuff!
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
. app crashs more then i can use it nearly impossible to get my work done will definitely be looking in to other ways t invoice and accept payments
. i am really thankful for this opportunity. this app vary great easily to use with simple and useful. thanks
a handy little companion but it wont replace the website. a number of features from the web portal are missing such as matching bank transactions but its ok to use simply to check your chart of accounts and to record expenses.
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
happy customer. i love this app.can do my invoices everywhere on my mobile or tablet.
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
. very helpful tool for smb owners, easy of tracking payments and expenses.. loving it..
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
if it wasn’t broken, it would be much better.. when i launch this app on any of my devices, i get an error in the app that says “unable to get all of your quickbooks data pull down to refresh your page.”
very nice.. very helpful considering that is cloud app. i work with it everywhere a go.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
phenomenal. quickbooks app on my phone combined with the online system is the best thing to happen to my new small business. i no longer feel like an accountant full time & business owner part time!
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
. update 2020: since the last 2 updates, the app is broken now and does not work at all. can't log in, and just get a 'device appears to be offline' message.
easy to use. as a small business i find this to be a fabulous experience of accounting software integrated across all my various devices. i feel far more in control of my books than any other format or program i have used before. highly recommend this to any mobile business.
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
very much helpful. thanks quickbooks!!! your the best!!! only suggestion is hopefully i can also view on mobile app the quantity on hand of my products... thanks for making it easy for me to manange my inventory!! i love quickbooks i use this on my 3 branches 😊😊😊
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
. its a good program. need to be able to do credits.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. stan f. would be great if it has signature capture so that a customer can sign the invoice or receipt. the ipad version has the signature capture feature but quickbooks wants 12.99 per month just to be able to use the ipad app and other 27.00 per month for the online essentials account. thats 480.00 per year just to be able to get a signature capture feature that is only available for the ipad version. quickbooks too primitive
. awesome app!
"very convince. i wish i could you the ""classes"" functionality from my phone though... i just upgrade my online account today and was super excited about that functionality... but it appears not to be available on my phone... which means i can scan my receipts and enter my expenses. but still have to login to assign a class... which is repetition. .."
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
not ipad friendly. although the web based system works pretty well from a desktop or laptop it is very unfriendly on the ipad.
excellent online software. i love this system made my job a lot easier my phone is my office
. i love it on my phone . but on my tablet it's slow and says non responsive a lot.
. customer service is absolutely horrible. signed up yesterday online. found out customizing invoices function has been broken for 3 months. call this morning to cancel subscription and get a refund. they're answer basically was we've got your money we're not going to refund it. you have been warned stay away from quickbooks
fab. brilliant app that updates instantly, giving a visual handle on your business at any time. thank you
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
doesn’t work on ios13. hoping for another update as it doesn’t work on ios13
qb online. app
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
how... to switch companies in this app?
amazing. this app is a life saver! started my own hvac company in march of 2015 and this is the only app i use for keeping track of finances, invoicing, payroll and taxes. it really makes running my business as easy as possible! love it, thanks quickbooks!!
ios 13. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please. thank you all fixed now
a poor mobile companion to qbo. there are so many things wrong with this app. for example, expenses have a note field that doesn't show notes entered in qbo (web). the length of the expense category field is so short that i can't distinguish among categories, especially nested ones. the app generally lacks the functionality it would need to make it a truly useful companion to qbo.
like the app. just hope it would be easier to use need better access to my custumers invoice and estimates
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
crashes since ios13. i can no longer open my quickbooks on my phone since the ios 13 update has been released.
love quickbooks. quickbooks is a simple platform that allows a small business owner with excellent record keeping.
. for a mobile accounting app it does a fairly good job, and obviously the most important part is the qbo intigration and having that information accessible wherever i go. one change that i wish was made would be a frequently used or a favorites at the top of the list of vendors and accounts. it really stinks to have to search for the things i use the most
dont work no more. terrible tech support! app quit working over a month ago...tech support is useless...you better change your advertising....you should probably get it for false advertising cause you are lying to the public
awesome app. i'm in sales and this app is so much easier to use than my computer. it takes me 2 minutes to fill in the info and i'm done and my costumers can be on there way. thanks quick book.
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
update ruined a great small business tool. quickbooks use to be an awesome tool to let us send invoices after a job is completed on the spot. it also allowed a user to edit payment information anywhere via the mobile app. this is now all gone thanks to the new update. if it is not fixed soon, we are looking into transferring our accounts to another system.
. am happy that it allows me to.make estimates from my mobile phone
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
can’t log in. says my email and password can’t be found (app only).
thanks for adding banking! now add more control over additional users.. i have been waiting for you to add banking and now you've done it! this is by far the best accounting app i have seen. now i would love to see you add more control over additional users, and a google calendar integration for scheduling.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. it was introduced by friend. i want to purchase and before that i want to have trial. i couldn't find inventory management there, there is no purchase entry. without entering purchase how can run a trading business?.
. great easy app the only thing i wish i could do what's have the ability to have a customer pay immediately but maybe it does and i just don't know how to use it yet.
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
crashes no bill of lading. missing two things, send invoices by text message and create bill of lading
. i love the receipt capture feature.
functional with problems. the latest update took away the ability to choose territory in the app even though using a web browser does. i contacted intuit to report the problem. very nice but nothing has been done to fix it. also, common reports aren't available in the app.
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
. great app a bit overwhelming at first with all the features.
. usefull and effective. it needs improvement in its mobile features. creating delivery challan and entering gst details while adding new customers isn't available currently. hope to see this feature soon in the app
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
. works great to create sales receipts in the go and accept transactions into the register. have to do deposits on a computer. but love qbo for being able to use on all platforms.
. user friendly for the droid not so much in the appleipad.
. poor. this app worked fine for 2 years and now they have recently removed the feature where it automatically adds receipts to transactions. the support morons keep telling me it never existed in the first place but i used it for 2 years! i'm now looking for another app to use in it's stead. avoid it at all costs.
. great small business app
easy. it could be a little bit easy to use.... invoices could be customized to add options like hours....
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
great & uptodate!. this is a great little app to give you access into the back end of your quickbooks online account. great for doing simple invoicing and adding expenses. i still use the desktop browser for more complicated reports and such. well done and intuit keeps the app up to date thank you!
good but not free. 30 day free trial 😣
bugs!. so many bugs with this! i just rated it before and it’s popped up again asking me to rate. and i could go into so much more, however i’m only using this until next year. it’s shocking. i have just sent 3 invoices, the clients have received them, but they are not showing up in the app.
so far i have enjoyed the freedom from sitting at my computer. i can make estimates send invoices and do my banking right on my phone anytime anyplace.. sweet app
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
stay well away!. worst software i have used to date. zero customer service. ignores all complaints. takes forever to load. constant problems. not user friendly.
fantastic!!!. brilliant app. never even noticed the expenses bit so will have to fill this out for the year. absolutely brilliant. first class
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
. its a good app but they keep raising the monthly charge by more than 25% every 10 months... i'm now paying $35month. i will be looking for a new accounting software. they say it is for new improvements to the software, however, i was fine with the way it was. don't pass that on to existing customers who have been loyally using the software. i think it is a poor excuse. unacceptable.
best app ever. love quickbooks online.... easiest way to keep all my accounts and expenses in order.
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
you get what you pay for (sometimes not even!). you can't do much with the ipad version except create and receive invoices. i had debated leaving easy books for this, thinking it would have more professional features, but it actually has fewer.
invoice. the only thing i don’t like is you can’t easily adjust invoices.
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
can't create new invoice. very troublesome considering this was an app i raved to people about its efficiency yet now i can't even create a new invoice and earn money... just paid for premium too. very disappointed and would like my money back for each day the app is rendered useless.
great set up. makes my life way easier!!
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
. great app. makes paperwork a lot easier.
access to qb contacts please. love this app, means i can work while out with the kids. would be better if my phone was allowed access to my quickbooks contacts as my husband adds the contacts and they call before i have chance to add them to my phone.
. i have seen personal budgeting apps that have better user experience than this. here just some of the glaring issues:  it forces you to relogin alot, and it does not support google signin, which means you have to retype a complex password every single time  you could use pin login from settings, but it is useless..  it forces pin code reentry everytime you use the camera or switch to another app.
works 80% of the time.. otherwise does make running a mobile business a lot easier.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
very spotty usability. honestly, i love the idea and i love quickbooks online, but this app is usable only like 50% of the time... it always seems to say ‘we can’t get all of your (paymentinvoicebanking) details, try again later’. so all i can use it for is to see profit and loss for the month. would be nice if they could get that stuff fixed!
pretty good. limited invoice customisation is annoying but otherwise pretty good. app works great.
. all selfemploy business need a quickbook to hepl delivered business closure with your busines transaction .
the bad stories are all true. i echo all the bad reviews you’ve seen.
. very useful app
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
doesn't work on galaxy s7. i have been using quickbooks for a year and a half with no issues. just upgraded my phone to the s7 and now it won't even load past the sign in page. come on quickbooks the s7 is a pretty main stream device. please get this fixed asap.
works like it should!. the app works well and most everything is in the same place as the desktop version.
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
trouble with ipad app. hello, i have the app in my iphone and it works great, but i have downloaded the app in the ipad and it tells me: looks like your account doesn’t include access to the quickbooks online mobile app... what i need to do to have access?. please advice! thanks
. very useful business tool
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
not reliable on weekends or holidays. times when i have to work on weekends or holidays i have the most issues logging in and being able to invoice customers. there is also times when i can’t login during the week, i’m guessing due to quickbooks working on servers! wish i could install as a program on my tablet instead of a app or still be able to use offline to print an invoice and receipt
brilliant. brilliant app. so happy that i've migrated over to quick books.
. great customers support
. i thought it was bad three years ago! its much worse now. not user friendly and still doesnt support my form of business. all they really do with this app is track your bank account and catigorise things. you can only catigorise as an expense or income. its the new year and new month and its counting transaction from jan 2019 as transactions from december 2018. i need help. any recomendations on business softwesr that also has tax softwear?
qbo ipad & iphone. i think that intuit is doing an incredible job with this product! the updates have been wonderful for me. it would be 5 stars if i could make bank deposits as well!
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. disappointed trying to set up for a new business and linking bank account. keeps telling me something has gone wrong. after phoning up still no help. tried on 2 different devices and uninstalled loads of times. not happy. 🙈😥
. good app
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
i rely on online sync with my external banks. i'm disappointed the subscription i pay for is not mobile. i imagine it would take a lot of programming to include sync on mobile tablets but if it's already hosted on the server, why no access? i'm not a architect but i imagine outsourcing the sync hardware off the tablet you could get your current transactions on mobile . maybe i'm crazy
very nice app. easy to use makes life lot easier and saves time
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
. signed up to app. no clear pricing. my invoice had vat numbers all over it but i'm not vat registered. seems impossible to take vat number off invoices. customer service very slow and hard to get though to. no tel number.
best app for start up company. hands down this app is the best for any size company, once its all set and customized to your company you & your employees will operate more efficiently. take your time to learn it don't be afraid to call customer service they are very friendly and helpful.
. you have to pay and i am looking for a free app to do my stuff
poor need lots of work. this app is terrible on the ios and android. i’m using it on both and it has tooo many bugs...
. great app so far
doesn't have a bank option. they could do much better though it's good
. app is pretty much useless. pointless to have an app when i have to enter my transactions on a desktop anyway. i want general journal entries in the app (or ya know, a better way to enter my daily sales info) or my damn money back!
. great great app
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
not a replacement. not fast. doesn't sync well.. this app needs a lot of work to be reliable and usable. no matter how many times i sync it doesn't actually sync to the web apps data. it keeps logging me off the fingerprint option. this might be designed in there because human fingerprints change very often? correct?
. good easy compliment app to the cloud. could use some improvements for speed and updating however very easy to use
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
doesn't refresh. it doesn't update on mobile devices.. plz fix it so that it will be more convenient
. great program
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
buggy ios13. error email too long amount to high invoice can't add customers via contact address book goes dark probably a lot of other issues .
st. loui's pizza. thank you for your amazing support throughout my business ventures. being my first small steps into this lifestyle, i can proudly say you have discovered the 'easy way to run a business'. leaving me more time to do what i love! xx
limited features. good app but still too many features missing that require logging in to the website. e.g. vat and paying salaries as expenses.
no multiple account support?. would like to give it a better rating but without multiple account functionality it's value for me is limited. otherwise good functionality.
great app. for on the go consultants, this is amazing. get paid faster by sending an invoice right after a service visit.
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
. will not load dashboard. has not worked in a month. i've tried uninstalling and downloading a fresh version. nothing helps. we are a business user and this is a real inconvenience.
. i love this app,it is very helpful
need other option. need an option for employees that travel to do trip expense that import as a bundle. i use pro premier 2015
. useless. android app does not support in india
o melhor app. o melhor app para gestão empresarial simplesmente nunca usei algo parecido
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
. their cancellation process is brutal. thea button to do it myself online wasn't available, waited on hold forever for the phone number support page said to call, chat didn't answer forever then replied then immediately ended the chat because i didn't respond right away, chat after that kept delaying cancelling (i'm still not cancelled, had the time to write all this while trying to  waiting for chat to cancel)
love it!. so simple to use… i absolutely love this app!
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
meh... large app, slow and expensive. looks nice but loading times are slow and not all sections display properly on a phone.
great system. quickbooks online has made my life loads easier and less stressful many thanks
truly mobile accounting apps. i have tried for a few days and it give me an impression that i can finish all my accounting without going back to desktop. it use the camera of phone wisely.
unhappy. bad program for ipad and android phone. bad customer service. very dissatisfied.
. excellat ap this app is great. keeps me informed even when i am out in the field. i love it.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
why get rid of banking section?. latest version update got rid of the banking section. now, i can't acceptexclude transactions, making the application almost totally and completely useless! too bad you can't give zero stars...
simply terrific. hands down best invoicing app
great app. need security code.. the app has lot of confidential data. please add security code to open the app, similar to quicken.
can’t enter bills. totally useless
great app. works great for managing customers and invoices for our company!
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
great app  shame about the price. used this for almost 2 years now but need to find an alternative following a 70% price increase. it’s a shame, and it’s causing hassle for me in setting up my records with another accounting app but the only way we can object to such massive price changes is to cancel and leave.
update is amazing!. new update has corrected all issues, and the app works perfectly. love the design. perfect for small business.
good but. it would be great if you could take a photo of a receipt instead of having to scan and save to a location on the phone
crashes, not usable, nexus 5x. crashes and no longer usable on a stock nexus 5x on android 6.0.1. app is now useless to me on my phone which is a major problem.
great way to keep up with small business book keeping. in previous years, with my software based quickbooks, i ended up doing most of my neglected books once a year for tax times. with this i do an update on a daily bases and will have do just a little detailing come years end.
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
crash books pro. this terrific app asks you every few minutes to rate their program knowing that you want to tell the world how you can't send out an invoice without the app crashing. *update* i am having more issues with the app then ever. i can only assume quickbooks is either more useless then i thought. or they are retaliating for my review of their product. i have never had any program work this bad and i have worked it.
owner. does great. especially when i'm in the field.
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
flawed. i am going to reinstall the old app. the new app will not allow me to add a customer from my phone's contact list.
seabreeze sealants. awesome app, makes running our business quick & easy in all aspects, we are able to stay in control of cash flow and invoices. highly recommend 👌🤙
suscripción suspendida! ya pague! pero sigue suspendida ayuda. ayuda ! esta suspendida y no puedo facturar
pointless. useless app. can’t even see any supplier invoices etc. what is the point of having the app if you can’t work fully on the go!?
sweet business app. fantastic app for running my business when in remote areas or on the go!! no glitches with the app either!
good but. it would be great if you could take a photo of a receipt instead of having to scan and save to a location on the phone
. tell me how to cancel the free trial on phone
good app, a bit expensive to upgrade. good app, but a bit expensive to upgrade. it holds me back from doing it
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
not to happy. to many glitches
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
app crashes. everything was great until one day the app crashed. now crashes every time i open it. reinstalled and same issue. help????
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
love it!. we use it for invoicing and i has been a great experience. we love that we can access from anywhere including our smartphones through the app!
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
mobile use. a dream from the desktop days. send my small business invoices on the go makes going home a time to relax instead of paper work.
limited features. good app but still too many features missing that require logging in to the website. e.g. vat and paying salaries as expenses.
can't view customized reports. nice app. not very useful for tracking your business through reports that you have setup using quick books online. what's the point of having your company books in your hand if you can't track the information you need?
great app. love this on the computer and really love the mobile app! it's great to be able to get things done anywhere.
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
rather use my local accountant and pay the £100 per annum. rather use my local accountant and pay the £100 per annum
. great app
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
. sucks. can't create invoices easily. much like quick books online it has become to complicated....after years of both i'mm switching
. probably more than i need as a small business, but no shortage and features and certainly gets the job done. simple enough to use for those that don't want to get a doctorate in quickbooks, but for those that do want to get a doctorate in quickbooks there is certainly enough features that you could easily use it for everything!
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
new update horrible. it's always been glitch but since the new update i can't add products to the estimate and customer service is clue less in how to resolve the issue.
indispensable tool. all business owners should have a mobile app that makes finances easier to manage. this is one of them. thank you intuit!
love it but..... seems like new technology with some bugs. also some reciprocity issues with what can be done on app as opposed to phone. i know intuit will refine and well worth it. it is helping me streamline my business networking system!!! love it and look forward to giving a 5 star in couple years!
insufficient information. the app doesn't have the features i need while away from my computer.
paid for itself in one hour. after a long, frustrating search for a robust but simpletouse accounting platform for my growing fitness business, i came across quickbooks and have been exuberant ever since. my invoices go out on time, expenses go in live, and it even tracks my inventory. paid for itself in the first hour. highly recommend.
. still somewhat confusing.
just ok. the mobile version is fine. it the desktop version is full of bugs and slow. wastes a lot of my valuable billing time.
. makes my life super easy. i cans end invoices on the go, receive payments as i open my mail, super easy!
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
freezes all the time. it will kick me out several times in a session and it freezes up and doesn't save the work that i have done. not very user friendly for newcomers.
"yay...it's working again!!. qbs has been quite efficient and easy to use! i appreciate like the constant improvements!! however, note to developer...i wish this app gave ""real time"" remindsnotices of when to bill a client based on days, just to make it more customized???!? maybe add a calendar with an to synchronize with the personalipad calendars??? i down know, i just find myself calculating day for my customized client each time, instead of just getting a notification. thank, still love this app!!!"
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
doesn’t work. i have an iphone 8 and all of a sudden this app stops working. i call quickbooks and they can’t fix it. they closed the case in one day. don’t walk away from this company, run away.
easy, quick & thorough!. love this online version! i've been using it for my business for over a year! we send out about 100 different invoices every month and it's great!
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
the option yo use qbo doea not work for ages. the option to use google maps for location misdirects you to install google maps even if it is already installed. this issue had been there since ages and they don't fix it. that's why rated bad. google maps is a must for me. apple maps suck but the app leaves you helpless with apple maps.
quickbooks makes it easy. quickbooks is one of the biggest reasons my company has hit tremendous growth. online invoices and payments makes my job literally a thousand times easier.
. this is a good program. however when using the app i cannot edit saved customers address for different job addresses to do invoices quicker on job sites.
owner. love the program i am having problems inputing my desktop customers and previous business information. called the help desk and still waiting forba fix
. great app
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
good ...most of the time. does everything i need...on the go and that is awesome!!! sometimes it will not save what im doing though. have to go het on reg computer to get what i need done completed. im sure they will work this out soon enough!
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
bad servise. have quikbook for 6 month and crash and phone them 10 times my account is on debit order also 5 days later they tell me there nothing they can do for my acount crash i must start over i wont recomended this app
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
poor experience with qb customer service. does not integrate with wells fargo merchant account. was very disappointed with customer service representative to get information on how to implement quickbooks pos. ended up going with wf, and would probably have gone with qb pos if we had all the facts. representative was flippant, condescending, and rude.
great app for independent contractors. qb helps me stay on top of my invoices and keeps me organized.
. easy to create an invoice, a little difficult to look a customer's information via the phone app.
avoid merchant service. avoid at all cost the merchant services. they preapprove you and then hold on your money for a month before forcing you to refund each transaction you processed with them. i had to call 6 times 1 hour each time and it is still not fixed. they are still holding the funds and it’s been more than a full month. terrible customer service.
pretty good. pretty good app. could use a little improvement. doesnt have all the functions of the regular version.
intuit quickbooks. software
. similar issues as gillian, dashboard blank, constant error messages on mobile. i also ended up accidentally reinstalling a slightly different version and was paying double!! i didn't realize there were two very similar apps!! i also uninstalled reinstalled and it didn't fix issue. i am currently trying to figure out how to recover all the expenses and photo's of receipts for the tax season.
great software. this does everything i absolutely need it to do. i wouldn't use anything else it's easy to manage they have great customer service and i don't have any complaints about it keep up the great work thanks for making my job a lot easier.
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
. it's not working.. not able to edit the invoices. i cannot work on the invoices
would recommend to everyone!. easily the best software to manage a small business. i am able to invoice customers with such ease that it makes me wonder why i haven't switched software platforms sooner! you can not go wrong with quickbooks. the app is so easy to navigate.
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
crashes since update. i've tried to create a twoline invoice repeatedly since the update, and it crashes every time. will update review when it works.
. this app works really good makes owning a service business simple. love that i can get done at a customers house and send an invoice
. great with some improvements would be nice if invoice generated from app had the pay online link like the invoices i send from computer. is there a setting that i need to change to activate this feature?
. the app has stopped working. wont sync my data. very angry as i have customers who need their bills
great app. allows me to invoice on the fly. easy to get things done. i don’t have to be home to do them.
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
. since they changed the app its not working properly nothing appears on the dashboard and can't produce invoices
business saver. great for onthego business needs. allows me to create invoices and send to customers for immediate payments. everything i need!
too expensive. i do to want to pay for s subscription , i just want to buy the software
. the app offers very few features.
very easy to use. works great but doesn't email invoices or estimates
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
good app. like the easy use of the app
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
. am trying to login, wont let me, technical problems. i have all my expenses in there...
. great app for accounting
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
login. wont let me log in on app or internet
great. great for uploading expenses on the run.
. when i am logged in, i can see all of my vendors, even ones i recently added, but there is zero activity listed underage vendor. customer service take several days to get back to me and then they don't actually answer my question
good app. but didnt work on android for 2 weeks after using it.
easy to use. works so good for business on the go.
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
. apps bad after last update... you can't easily see invoice and or estimate amount anymore, you have to click each invoice & estimate to see numbers... i will be changing program's soon if not fixed.... we need to be able to easily scroll up and down the hundreds of open invoices and see where things are, not open each invoice to get information... way to timeconsuming... can't screenshot what's going on because the update before prohibits this now.... please devs fix
quickbooks online plus. loving the new updates with invoice tracking and the ease of excepting credit cards in the app. getting paid is easier and quicker than ever.
we are using this with the construction side of our business and so far the customer service has been wonderful. there are things missing or not working but customer service had said they are working on getting them added or fixed. makes it really easy for our employees in the field to create invoices and send them to clients as well as receive payments. will change to five stars when missing components are added.
"don't bother. it says above ""get full access to everything quickbooks online has on the web"". but in fact it is a totally different application geared to salesmen on the road. don't expect to see your accounts here, all you have is:  customers  estimates  your invoices and sales receipts. very disappointing; forget it"
. i though it would be difficult. once it's set up, it's a breeze. the importing of bank transactions really makes things easier.
missing some key functions. 2 big gripes: purchases are always entered as expenses, requiring editing if it's a purchase for resale; there is _no_ timer or time sheet entry function. i have to use a third party app for this (tsheets.com, works very nicely)
invoice and estimates not saving after last update. you will have to delete app. then reinstall then it will save.
. this app will let you get control of your finances. you pay the bill, and you take a picture of the bill. it's that easy!
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
. trying to uodate this app. it wont update and i can not sign in. please help love using it
great app and fair prices. i do all my business through quick books and have had no major problems. the rates on credit transactions are equivalent to any other clearing house and at $30 a month to automate my process is a life saver. great simple to read reports too.
small business owner. it's fantastic and professional for service contracting for management, but the fact that the crew in the field still use paper carbons to submit & clients want paper makes this a major problem. if the client doesn't give an email, or the field crew doesn't get the right info, i end up spending extra hours trying to figure it out...
. now, can't even access some of my clients from the app. i have sent the error logs several times to intuit, but no response. it keeps getting worse. lacking the fingerprint option to login. also, accepting transactions from bank feed in android not as smooth as it is in iphone. app starts freezing after accepting a few transactions. additionally, progressive invoicing does not work in the app. should make it more useful for accountants though, adding bank reconciliations capability would help.
actually makes accounting a little bit fun. i absolutely love the way this app allows me to record, photograph and categorise expenses from receipts. so easy that it actually is fun. delighted that i can get rid of all this paper!
. hi, is there any option for download ar sheet inexcel on mobile app. kindly let us know.
. i have tried the thrial for my buisness and found it projected profits higher than actual and expenses that didn't match up regardless to synching it to accounts like square or my bank. if this is the trial then im not sold. if i had turned this apps inaccurate projections into the irs they'd audit the hell out of me. ill stick to good old fashion analog style accounting thank you.
. the wish access to my qb account has been great to keep a pulse on the business as well as getting cash expenses in before i forget about them.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. does not work as advertised
a small business must have. i have used quickbooks pro for my small company for many years, but i can't believe i have gotten this far without this app.
ok, room for improvement. quickbooks needs to build in a way to enter time via mobile devices. why have an app for quickbooks for mobile devices if you cannot enter your time in on the fly?
useless for mobile access. doesn't have any of the features you would expect from a mobile app. if you want to do anything other than create a invoice or view transactions you put in from your desktop, its a waste of time. no balances, no accounts, nothing useful at all.
jireh landscaping. great!! great program and app!!
. it's good but could be better. limited functionalities on the mobile app.
. nothing but problems  continuous billing issues for 3 months so i cancelled. far from having a month free and paying £6mth for the past 2 months, i have paid over £45. really frustrated with quickbooks. i will be looking for an alternative.
great. great app really comes in handy when i'm away from my office.
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
crashes. every time i try signing in the app says my sign in has expired.
power super app. superb..safe my time
improved greatly. since the last update, the bugs have been worked out and the issues i'd seen don't occur anymore. thank you
. app is so slow and doesn't have the functionality of the full web version making it pretty useless
i really like it.. works great. easy to use. a business must have! (1) suggestion is being able to lock in and automatically applying sales tax to invoices. now we have to apply it manually for each item.
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
. why does it keep saying that there is technical difficulties in using the app? even before prior update, it had this issue. no issue with the ios app though
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
payroll unable to handle contractors. unable to pay contractors on 1099 also their supports work around took more time than outsourcing payroll. wuuuuuuut? ? i have used quicken since computers came out and it looks nice and works great for (normally) most things. cheers
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
. great app to help track expenses
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
multiple crashes. multiple crashes when trying to add expenses on the iphone.
. best app for tracking my personal expenses easily.
. ok app email invoice doesn't work version 3.8 been unable to send invoices via email for over a week now.
". expensive, not user friendly, cannot send invoices from mobile app and support not able to solve the problem?????? update: the problem was being ""dealt with"" since 4 weeks before my rating. then a few more weeks later it mysteriously became resolved. now the announced g suite integration... where is it? i'm in the uk?"
. well app
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
cis unfriendly. useless if your a contractor or subcontractor. if your in the construction industry, this app is useless. you cannot create cis invoices which renders this app useless.
love it!. exactly what our company needed! easy to learn and use. have not encountered a problem yet! love quickbooks!
. no unit field in invoice or estimation. makes it impractical in real life transactions.
laborious expenses assignments. uploading pictures of billable expenses requires two lengthy entries...first at point of upload info is requested... but for accounting purposes only. second step is required to access list of expenses online and then manually retype all info listed under accounts into item chart...date, item, splits, quantity, rate, amount, check billable and then reenter client to be billed. why this can’t be entered once at point of upload is rediculously annoying. my manual invoicing system took less time than this program takes!
quick oops for android.. cool app. it would be better if it operated like the desktop version..
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
discount. why in the world would you apply the discount after sales tax? in the mobile app, you cannot toggle the order. ridiculous.
excellent. the app is a great supplement to the online version when i'm on the road. i easily make customer invoices, add expenses that i have purchased. nothing is lost or forgotten. great way to keep everything up to date
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
never has worked on my s7 edge. i loved this app when it worked with my htc. since i switched to this phone, it keeps giving me an error message and despite talking with support multiple times, nothing has been done to resolve this. i have uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times and it has not resolved the problem. i have seen similar issues reported with this phone.
. app is great, i use it all the time.
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
using for almost 30 yrs and about to quit. very sad that they charge for every issue now, to pay a bill, to use an invoice, even to do a credit for a vendor. it's going to be less expensive to hire a book keeper!
quick books app. have been using quick books app for my business for a few months now, and i am very impressed with the package, as it's great value for money. i enjoy being able to use the app on my phone as it offer all the services that i need to be able to quickly raise and send invoices and pull up important info.
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
stopped working on samsung galaxy s6. never had a problem with the app till about 3 weeks ago. it stopped working on my samsung galaxy s6 for no reason. i'm a small business that's on the road a lot and need to be able to send invoices on the spot. please fix it.
. love it! the invoice screen isn't super userfriendly, but everything else is great so far.
emailing payment receipt. via the phone app when i email a payment receipt it opens my email app with texts as opposed to sending the pdf payment receipt as it use to do prior to the last 3 updates. this was confirmed by one of the staff from intuit.
. omg invoices still not updating. i have recorded payments and online show paid. this app shows them past due since august. app sucks
. this app is very user friendly, that's important for a person with no accounting experience
great but not perfect. while the app works 95% of the time there are some annoying glitches. some of the menus could be better laid out and some entries should be automatic. it would also be nice, when selecting the quantity of an item, that there would be a + and  symbol for easy editing. i'm also baffled why i can't do a deposit like i can online.
doesn't work!. it hardly used to work, now it doesn't work at all. my boss is constantly on me for missing invoices, well i can't make them because the app doesn't work! crashes immediately when i try to open it. when it does open, it will let me sign in then give me an error.
great app. quick books has come a long way this app it's great love it
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
update = crash. haven't been able to use app since updated. disrupting my business. will not open.
. use qb for all my book keeping, estimates and invoices.
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
worthless. some functions don't work at all like banking. doesn't load account activity. it's so useless i have to use mobile web version.
ilove. great job guys! love the look and layout. i will be reaching for my ipad instead of my phone from now on! 4 stars.... would have been a 5 but when i am working on an invoice i can't add service dates. this is important for me and i found myself going for my phone.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. was working for a couple months. now i can longer link to my bank account and the app constantly freezes with either a blank screen or white screen. completely useless..
great app!. 2 thumbs up!
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
. great with invoices and estimates on the go. and i can see our sales dashboard wherever we go.
need other option. need an option for employees that travel to do trip expense that import as a bundle. i use pro premier 2015
horrible. app force closes. give me a refund on my account if i can’t access it mobile..... 0 stars
excellent app. helpful reports and nice review of recent transactions to make sure operations are in tact.
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
. i can't login my account
. very helpful and detailed information in reports. couple functionality issues when entering credit card transactions. overall, pretty awesome
not bad. pretty nice app. went from desktop manufacturing to quickbooks online. i like having access to my books while at craft fairs and being able to use different devices. still needs some work  it's been weeks and my gopayment account is still not linked and now find out the online doesn't acceptrecognize the chip reader. square app is more robust and may use that instead. also would be helpful to have a mileage tracker.
does not work. cannot trust any invoices under clients or vendorsall are bad. only thing it can be used for is to take a photo of a receipt and add it to a vendors account. can make up an estimate in the field otherwise it is terrible
very handy. excellent app love it save me hours in office
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
. doesn't have my back in its list, so it's useless. i've cancelled my subscription. when i contacted support, they were obsessed with my subscription, rather than the actual issue.
. it's not perfect yet, but does what i need invoices and sales receipts in the field that i can print with my mobile printer. the recording part isn't as good as my desktop version but i know with time it will be improved.
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
we have qb enterprise. does this work with qb enterprise? or do you have anything that does?
. great app, would like more control from mobile devices
nice but buggy. first i'd like to thank you for a great app that makes my business easy on the go! needs some attention but on my s5 it doesn't appear in the multitask list and my friends iphone has the ability to match bank feeds also which is missing on my android?
. the worst!!!! i switched to a new phone and now it doesn't recognize my user name and password. it even allowed me to change the password and then wouldn't recognize the new one. called twice to resolve the problem. first time, 35 minute wait and hung up. 2nd time 40 minute wait, hung up. i will be canceling my subscription and looking for a quality competitor who values customer service. what a shame!
always improving. qbo isn't perfect but it is always improving. this week's update included features for accountants to track their client's pending work, communicate questions and request documents. this is good stuff!
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
expenses. you cannot cost expenses to a particular job or client
excellent on ipad, good on iphone. i use this app on my ipad and iphone, it's pretty good on the iphone but it's darned good on the ipad. hopefully they will develop more features on both over time as it's still not a total replacement for the web browser version.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
. worst app website will not open properly in mobiles and ask for reset repeatedly for same user id, useless
freelance business functions like agency. this app is brilliant. i can check the status of invoices, p&l's, reference invoices, and client trends. best business app i have on my phone!
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
. i can't remove the date from my columns on a quote. several days and still no reply from your support team. extremely poor. if you wish to cater to businesses then you need better support. i emailed and posted but no reply. i have quotes overdue and am losing customers. i want this product but not if there is no support.
awesome. one of the best apps i have used for tracking and creating invoices, keeps me on track and easy to use.
almost perfect. it would be perfect if there was an overview dashboard that showed outstanding invoices like the online dashboard.
doesn't work. app crashes on load and while logging in. pretty useless so far. :(
quick books app. good to connect and keep up with the business!
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
don’t update. ever since last update it crashes when i try to run a credit card. was talking with customer support for an hour and all she could say is i understand. when i asked to speak to a manager the line was disconnected
president. this is a great app to use wherever you are. it actually works better on my ipad better than my computer in my office. i completely recommend this app and quick books for any small business owner. love it!!!
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
. it used to be a great app. but they even do not allow me to login anymore.... i did change the password so many times and did uninstall and install the app. now, i need to go back to my old iphone or lapy for my bookkeeping:(
. quick and easy to use. clients have been very receptive to there invoices or estimates. definitely have recommended this to other small business owners.
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
crash error crash error. quickbooks is a four outta five platform, this app is a one... signs me out and crashes more than once a day!
great app. very nice and good
crashing at start up with ios 13. love this app but it crashes with ios 13 :( please fix
needs a lot more work. i downloaded both versions and i am disappointed that ipad has fewer features and functionalities compared to iphone version. it is more convenient to work on a tablet however until all the features are included i am just going to continue online. hopefully qb will send an update soon.
quickbooks online + app. quickbooks online is making my business accounts so easy. the bank connections feature allows you to sync online accounts straight into your account records. when new transactions are available, you can view and add them straight into your accounts, made easier by quicbooks match feature that marks transactions with previous similar transactions. support during setup period has been excellent which has made switching from another online accounting software quite an easy process. very impressive so far.
. its pretty good, but the scroll bar on the side of the expenses list is driving me absolutely insane because i keep accidentally scrolling and jumping through the list
please fix this asap!!!!. this update is horrible and does not work properly at all! data doesn't refresh and i keep getting error messages. the only (very temporary) fix is to delete the app and redownload it  daily! lame! this must be addressed immediately.
. convenient. not all the features of desktop app but adequate for most needs.
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
hi. app don't work
great app. would be lost without it, saves me a fortune in accountants fees
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
. great app
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. does what it's supposed to and easy for non accountants
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
. keeps crashing! i can't even get the app to start up to the log in screen most of the time.
. great app
doesn't have a bank option. they could do much better though it's good
horrible. i cant log in just says all the times error error error very bad app
happy customer. best small business software ever. qbs has made my life so much better and my books are much more accurate🤗. thank you for a user friendly accounting service.
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
failed to run. i installed the program and as soon as i attempted to begin using it, the program crashes and will now not open at all.
almost there!!. please, please, please qb🙏🏼 you're a few key functions away from making this app the mobile office.
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
it's not like the desktop version. why doesn't this have the same functionality as the desktop version? what a joke it is. i am so ready to switch to anything else!
. fantastic app
. great with some improvements would be nice if invoice generated from app had the pay online link like the invoices i send from computer. is there a setting that i need to change to activate this feature?
won't open. this app won't open. don't waste your time.
. great app, pretty user friendly. could be more visually appealing. the pc web browser platform is better.
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
great features but very unstable and poor support. i’m an accountant that works with xero, qb and myob. quickbooks online offers probably the best combination of xero and myob’s best features but is let down hugely by the app’s instability (very slow and regularly crashes) and their support, whilst very friendly, is poor in quality and suffers from obvious lack of proper systems and workflow. we’re holding off recommending qb to clients for these two reasons. they aren’t quite deal breakers but close.
. great app
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
do not switch. if you use tradition quickbooks, do not switch. you will be very disappointed with the lack of simple features that are standard on traditional versions.
ios app > than the web version. it is pleasantly surprising to see that the app is faster on the phone in comparison to the website! keep up the good work 👍🏼
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
. the worst!!!! i switched to a new phone and now it doesn't recognize my user name and password. it even allowed me to change the password and then wouldn't recognize the new one. called twice to resolve the problem. first time, 35 minute wait and hung up. 2nd time 40 minute wait, hung up. i will be canceling my subscription and looking for a quality competitor who values customer service. what a shame!
. good program, app needs to be able to modify more though like the desktop version
. you have to pay and i am looking for a free app to do my stuff
needs more work. how about an already paid check box ? also an option for tax inclusive default would be nice. it would save half the time making an invoice if it had these options.
good app i’ve grown fond of. makes my life 5 times easier. definitely worth the money
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
new update fail to open. just updated and app will not open
great app. coming from using xero for my accounting software, i can say this app and platform as a whole is far more superior. i would recommend to anyone to switch to quickbooks.
. excellent just sometimes login doesnt register
would like more features. there are some features missing from the mobile version that i prefer  like seeing my bank account register even though i’m connected online; transferring info to turbotax; and automatically crediting extra payments on an account to the next invoice. unfortunately, i cannot transfer to another version except by hand, so i’m staying with this version.
great support. i love the support you can get when having difficulty or when trying to find a more efficient way of doing things. i just wish i could load more than one photo at a time as i often attach 3 or 4 before and after photos and that is very time consuming.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
app keeps crashing. even when i try to leave feedback the app crashes. no issues on desktop.
great but wip. better than the competition and best customer service in the space! well worth it.
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
very limited in function. invoice list does not even list invoice #'s. how does junk like this pass qc?
. awesome makes life easier for once
. needs more function like the web based app
nogo on ipad pro. doesn't look good on ipad pro and doesn't support split screen. need to be able to have qb open on one side and my project system on the other to create invoices.
. lets try its beat for small business highly appreciated this app every must have to use it .
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
no date field in invoice line items?. i have asked many times and still haven't seen a date field in the invoice line items. you have it on the online version but can't access it from these applications so these applications are basically freaking worthless to me!
great app!. super convenient to track all my business transactions on the go. recent updates have made it much easier and more features are accessible.
. login worked no problem this version. previously could never login.
crashes since update. i've tried to create a twoline invoice repeatedly since the update, and it crashes every time. will update review when it works.
. great app simplified my daily work.
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
. with no access to the register and a very clunky interface the app is very difficult to use. it is far from useless but also far from essential.
. best app ever!!!!!!
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) then hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. not working on tablet either. please fix asap. update: seems to be fixed now. thank you
". often doesn't work. customer service tells me not to use the app, to access account from web browser. the numbers you get there may be undependable. don't trust it. the browser doesn't work with the phone. there only reason for quickbooks online is access while away from the computer. i often get the message,""check back in a few hours"". isn't that great when standing in front of a customer trying to write an invoice."
. this app has helped its tracked and it's made things with my accounts look like i know what i'm doing
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
. sign up this morning and it says free trial but once i finished sign up, google straight away charge my credit card for 1 month subscription and auto renew
. now we can update our financial data but still miss so many report.
. would be nice to be able to record deposits through the app. the whole reason i have this app is so i don't have to go onto a pc. also, an option for digital payment, ie paypal venmo etc.
does not work for android any more. after months of calling customer service sending id ,still no luck . app does not work with android phones,it logs in but it's nothing there because it does not want synchronise,so i have my account with no details in it ,except profit and loss. so if any wants to use the app with android phone and have a data on the web do try it .
. super easy to use. simple and efficient. perfect small a smallside business.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
what's happened?!. usually excellent for uploading expenses it's now decided not to allow the option to add an expense. what's going on? please fix!!
. love it. recommended by a friend makes life easy. my team in the office can create an invoice and i just fill in the blanks get customer to sign when job is complete and sent before leaving site.
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
. would give 5 if... i could view an invoice after it has been paid. the information is incomplete
best business app. easily the best business purposed app.
. good app but even just a few days in i can see areas the app needs improvement
no good. this app only works if you have the online account version
excellent online software. i love this system made my job a lot easier my phone is my office
quickbooks online. 80% of business can be done from smartphone including invoicing and expenses.
. having issues with the app and no help!
. qbo is the best accounting software ever! the only feature missing from the app is payroll which i would really like.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
does not support multiple currencies. hope they can add multiple currencies soon. it's useless if you have a primary currency other than usd.
. great app for small business! easy set up and it provides accounting that i can print and submit with my taxes
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
not pleased. i put the qb online app on my new ipad thinking i wouldn't have to lug my laptop around the country anymore.... it does not have the functionality or settings i need. i cannot input bills from other contractors on the mobile app! they have a loooong way to go... it’s still clunky and like the cd desktop versions severely mentally disabled cousin. lame........
brian peterson remodel. great app. wish i could attach pictures to estimates and invoices using my mobile app.
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
the option yo use qbo doea not work for ages. the option to use google maps for location misdirects you to install google maps even if it is already installed. this issue had been there since ages and they don't fix it. that's why rated bad. google maps is a must for me. apple maps suck but the app leaves you helpless with apple maps.
good app i’ve grown fond of. makes my life 5 times easier. definitely worth the money
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
terrible support  avoid. terrible, terrible support. continual promises of call backs from customer support agents on live chat never happen because the bugs you find are too hard. open tickets for bugs never get resolved. you ask for a supervisor or manager and you have to email the person you’re complaining about?! get told that because of system bugs you have to manually delete the key back in multiple entries. you’ll be left at year end with books that don’t balance like me. avoid!
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
. still in trial, but so far so good... very pleased with overall functionality! trial over, five years later... upgraded to 5 stars. perfect app for my small business. does what i need, always available, improves the client experience.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
". checked this app out to see if it was good for my business. i was charged 7.99 for a ""free"" 30 day trial. decided it wasnt the right app for me. thanks for the 2 days i used it and was charged for. awesome!! (insert sarcasim here)"
awesome. such a great package. it made my life so easy with the phone app that i can raise invoices and quotes on the go. it also makes your business look heaps bigger and professional by having proper invoicing that allows taking signature on quotes too. loving it.
crashes when adding images of receipts. i want to give it 4 stars, but the 2 things i do are problematic. crashes when saving images of receipts every 3 or 4 times. also i can't add time entries which would be incredibly helpful. really close to awesome though.
. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program. the app on a mobile device doesn't even open. it says sync problem. it's been days since i logged into the app. always problems with this company. the app is terrible.....
. it's a good app, but much faster on ios than android. it's excruciating to use on android
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
be careful. i resynced my bank feeds and two years of transactions got deleted. i spent an hour on the phone and was told they couldn't fix it...
quickbooks app is a perfect companion to quickbooks online. quickbooks app is a perfect companion to quickbooks online. it works seamlessly allowing you to read through your transactions and even create most of the common tasks. ( with the exception of vat tasks) qb online is the perfect accounts program
review. happy with qb is working for me just need to work out how to link my bank in and do my accounts on it this should be simple but l am no wizard on tec. the code that l am ask for from my bank is not linking and not sure why. but so fare it's good.
they do not fix bugs at all.. constant new annoying bugs that have been around for years now. i have written multiple times to help make them aware, now i have been writing complaints and still no fixes. am literally logging into the app every single time i open it. i have to use this app for my work. no choice. but if you have a choice then you should choose literally any other app. this company is terrible.
works well. i'm surprised this app works so well. it's much less glitchy than the pc program
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
not tablet friendly. i use this everyday but the biggest problem is the tablet version is not very good when doing estimates, the format is completely different than the pc version
efficace. je suis seul dans mon entreprise et ce service me permet de créer et consulter n’importe où mes factures et autres éléments. l’interface smartphone est géniale en ce qui me concerne.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
. bekar hai do not any mail id login don't open
. never used an app before for my bookkeeping but feel confident this is the way to go. this app is good though plenty of room for improvement. i am now using it and have used it to now feb 2018. so far so good higly recommend it for all business people on the go
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
"confusing and cluttered app. i love that nearly all of the features in the desktop app are here in the mobile app. however the interface, especially the home page, is confusing and cluttered. ""company activity"" is a bit useless as the default page. show me the charts of paidunpaid invoices. i think the developers are tasked with including every single feature and that clouds their design judgement. it's not an easy ask but let's make this app more mobile friendly."
great app. i wasn't sure how much i would use this app, but the ability to check status of accounts and stay on top of basic needs while out dealing with clients has me sold. could have more functions but i'm not sure it needs to.
improved greatly. since the last update, the bugs have been worked out and the issues i'd seen don't occur anymore. thank you
needs work. it's better than before but still doesn't download recent transactions with the ap. must log in on the computer to keep updated. why is that? needs attention.
. great app works well fore
. love my quickbooks online, but this app lacks the one feature i need. i'm an attorney and want to be able to add single time activities. it's often when i am out and about that i need to capture some time, and this app would make all the difference.
switching between account requires logout and login. so annoying, especially since there is no support for touch id. why can't you let us switch from within the app?
. this app makes my life so much easier.
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
. first thing i try to do with it and it crashes. crashed 3 times in as many minutes just trying to link an account. garbage
. easy to use, easy to keep your invoices accurate, costumers like it
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
. so many glitches. pictures for expenses won't save, multiple expenses are copied when trying to enter just one expense, difficulties entering my password, random closing, disappears off my screens and the icon has to be reset.....very disappointing
quickbooks. very good app i will purchase after my trial thanks
found a problem. when creating an invoice adding parts even if you search when you go back to it to add another part it’s still in that same form from before and if you cancel nothing happens you would have to search for whatever else you want by name, you can’t just scroll please fix
class. i can't seem to use classes in the app. i have them through the web version, but here i can't filter in the report. please add
. great app
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. someone is lazy this app does not work well will allied irish bank since the bank updated its security features and its been months i reported the issue no one wants to take action. sad enough is that i am still paying for it every month.
great, clean app. although it's yet another expense for your business, it's well worth every cent. more of an investment for us and we use it for four different companies (yes four times the subscription fee). regardless, it will manage your company's finances as they should be. leaving you with less hassle and worries about your accounts and more time to focus on more important entrepreneurial things.
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
quickbooks online app. although i do like quickbooks online, the mobile app version is horrible. i downloaded and logged in and it did give me my balance sheet, but said i had no expenses, i could not find a way to put in a journal entry and other reports showed zeros as well. i deleted it from my ipad and will just use the nonapp version ( which you need google chrome vs safari to work properly not a big deal but a bit odd).
master electrician. this app has done everything that i have asked of it. fantastic of estimating, invoicing and receiving payments in the field while on the job site. really saves me time.
limited options. i love the app but would l like to be able to fully edit or create new customers and vendors in this app. although it is possible, it isn't as detailed compared to the online desktop version.
. the app always crashes on me, and now i can't even get it to open.
. fantastic, easy to use software. i own two small businesses and quickbooks has made my life a lot easier. with the app i can use it anywhere, which is a nice bonus. highly recommend it!
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2017 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays last years (2016) scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. just another step to my day to day book keeping tasks...
. great and..comfortable. app. but they. should lower the price.to.small.bussines
. great for on the go i mostly love it. i wish there were options to run individual client reports. also, a search option by keywords or invoice numbers. sometimes, when i open it, there's no information in the app! have had to uninstall, then reinstall multiple times. galaxy s2
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software.
. downloaded because i was told its a app that would help me. i wasn't ready to learn. today i 😍 this app!
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
. can't get the app to open at all being charge for something that not even use at all pls close the account thx
. great job on iphone app but android need some work done.
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
date range. how do i change the date range on the dashboard?
makes handling my business easier.. enjoy the invoice and payment features and reports, plus the app. makes my life much easier.
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
besi. it just makes life easier awesome app
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
. does basic accounting. cool. i paid money for this. clunky interface. settings buried in random locations. the desktop, browserbased, application is equally, if not more, terrible. this is a professional product?
"excellent for my small business. works great on my lg g2. record keeping is considerably less time consuming and easier. love the function of taking a picture of recipts and uploading. sending customers professional looking invoices on the spot from my phone and offering the option to ""pay now"" is awesome! good job!"
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. i have contacted customer service several times for support issues with the appquickbooks online not syncing the transactions automatically. no one seems to have an answer on what's going on. each time i'm advised by a customer service represenative to remove and reconnect the bank account yet in doing so it still doesn't work.
love it!. qb is stunningly simple yet superbly sufficient to handle our business needs for invoicing clients, reporting ar and preparing us for yearend taxes. the mobil app is equally impressive!
. je n'arrive pas à le télécharger!! fini jamais ...... :(
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
great updates and really user friendly. all works better than before and integrates brilliantly. makes understanding our financials a doddle!
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
unable to process simple request. crashing and getting an error saying data unavailable. can’t even save one expense
. easy to use with a clear overview of your business expenses
. it will not show proper reports when there is multiples companies in a login (this problem is only on my android phone)
. crashes each time it opens.
. does what you need it to do
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
verging on useless. download it but don’t expect to get much out of it. how a multibillion dollar company can produce a product so lacking in functionality boggles the mind. it’s almost as if intuit is intentionally trying to offend its customers.
great app. i use this everyday and love it. very easy to use.
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
. quickbooks technical support is very bad and technical support dont know about how to customised form of bill and showing in their theam but donot show in my bill how to solve it thay don't know ..... and my network speed is 5mbps but opening quick books need time 10  20 minutes to open ... i don't recommend any one for supscription or purchase .... this is a overall very slow software
great ui and mobile to desktop experience. i just started using quickbooks about two months ago and i don't know what i would do without it now. it's simple, easy to run a freelance business with. it's helped me become a freelance business and get paid which is the most important part :)
. perfect to make invoices on the road however missing important functions like sending customer 'statements.
ridiculous. very nice overall, with an incredibly aggravating poison pill. some genius (?) decided to eliminate text input on dropdown lists (eg payee), guaranteeing long and annoying scrolls for long lists. renders a potential convenience quite useless?
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
". expensive, not user friendly, cannot send invoices from mobile app and support not able to solve the problem?????? update: the problem was being ""dealt with"" since 4 weeks before my rating. then a few more weeks later it mysteriously became resolved. now the announced g suite integration... where is it? i'm in the uk?"
awesome for small business. couple problems creating invoices from phone.
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
worth it could be improved. works well, my only complaint is different functions are available or not available depending on how you access quickbooks. can be a little frustrating when i need to send an account statement and have to do it from a pc as that option seems to be absent on iphone and ipad access. better than my other invoice options by far worth using for sure.
. works as advertised, simple to use and learn.
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
over promised, under delivered. the desktop app is slow and the mobile app is lacking pretty important features. their tech support is horrible and can take days to resolve an issue....if they even admit that there is an issue.
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
. would be a 5 star is the mobile app scanned and allowed multi page receipts and used ocr to recognize amounts categories etc to short data entry
. downloaded and reinstalled current version and still could not login to my account. quite frustrating coming from intuiit!
. good summary of your business right at your finger tips. like the ability to take pictures of your receipts and enter the expense on the spot, no need to worry about keeping receipts.
. not perfect but eliminates laptop in the field. latest update makes it too easy to duplicate transactions.
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
too expensive. i do to want to pay for s subscription , i just want to buy the software
buggy. super buggy and currently unusable. fix your app qb. we pay good money for your service.
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multiuser access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
google signin never works. i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google signin. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
simplicity. great app for those with a mobile office who can sort paperwork instantly!
. great customers support
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
. usually apps
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
awful. it's so confusing i hate it can't seem to manually enter stuff have to download from hsbc but other accounts i use ie trade card & fuelgenie aren't recognised so it refuses to set up & let you enter stuff manually. i so much preferred to enter everything manually you know where you are with this i haven't a clue it's all over the place. i want old fashioned quickbooks that was easy and understandable this is a joke.
awesome. a great app that i use frequently to help organize my buisness
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
. i have contacted customer service several times for support issues with the appquickbooks online not syncing the transactions automatically. no one seems to have an answer on what's going on. each time i'm advised by a customer service represenative to remove and reconnect the bank account yet in doing so it still doesn't work.
quick books app. it works as good as my computers program! i can do the work i need to right from my phone!
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
no payroll. subscribed to payroll using desktop at the office, tried to access using iphone app on the field but could not find it. waste of money!
. improving with each update!
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
i run my biz from the app!. i use qb constantly to invoice clients and log incoming checks. it's great for following up on past dues & creating invoices on the go.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
keshav. it is a beautiful software. very flexible and user friendly. it made my work so simple. thanks to quick books!
problem. please update the quick book we are not able use from india..
creating an account is a joke and does not work.. creating an account is a joke and does not work despite entering all information correctly. uninstalled!
. i like the relatively seamless access from desktop, internet and mobile app
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
. bekar hai do not any mail id login don't open
handy app.. i've struggled for a while with record keeping and this app makes it very easy to keep records and do my day to day book keeping.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
. this app has been doing a great job of helping me run my business for over 5 years now, very easy to use. highly recommend
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
login error. upgraded to an s7 and cannot login. i need the mobile app for my business!
very useful. i run a small business with this software. i haven't found anything better yet!
. it will not show proper reports when there is multiples companies in a login (this problem is only on my android phone)
terrible support  avoid. terrible, terrible support. continual promises of call backs from customer support agents on live chat never happen because the bugs you find are too hard. open tickets for bugs never get resolved. you ask for a supervisor or manager and you have to email the person you’re complaining about?! get told that because of system bugs you have to manually delete the key back in multiple entries. you’ll be left at year end with books that don’t balance like me. avoid!
. easy to use! great for keeping track of expenses. especially for my small business.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
was great and then they updated it. i loved this app when i first got it. i used it all the time for 5 months strait, and then they 'updated' it. now, it's awful. i don't see any of the new features and it is buggy beyond belief. please go back to the older version. this is a joke.
perfect for small bussines. utilisation simple et prix aceptable.
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
great features but very unstable and poor support. i’m an accountant that works with xero, qb and myob. quickbooks online offers probably the best combination of xero and myob’s best features but is let down hugely by the app’s instability (very slow and regularly crashes) and their support, whilst very friendly, is poor in quality and suffers from obvious lack of proper systems and workflow. we’re holding off recommending qb to clients for these two reasons. they aren’t quite deal breakers but close.
step in the right direction. took intuit quite a while to develop this product. glad to see that they made something for the ipad. this however is still very limited as far as employees, printing check, payroll things like that. but it's a step in the right direction. keep working on it!
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
qb app. product has improved greatly since its first launch. still room for improvement. i wish you could add time activities like you can in the online version.
almost perfect. it would be perfect if there was an overview dashboard that showed outstanding invoices like the online dashboard.
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎"
we love the qb app. one of the most useful things we have “out in the field” is our qb app that allows us to do bookkeeping by extension. probably the craziest place yet was checking qb from the pyramids of giza in egypt. it’s extremely convenient.
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
. 3 years and the app still doesnt show bills????? support case opened 3 times and no one care. wonder how can we trust them with our data
. just wish you could attach receipts before accepting a bank transaction.
. easy to create an invoice, a little difficult to look a customer's information via the phone app.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
. i have much more to learn but it has met all of my needs after 3 months making the accounting easy.
better if had a progress invoice option.. almost complete, but not perfect. still missing progress invoices feature. i’m using 2 apps because i need that.
. disapointed and just hated
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
no longer loads. after upgrading quickbooks online, this app no longer loads on ipad or iphone. please fix.
. great app, but not as functional as desktop version.
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
invoice and estimates not saving after last update. you will have to delete app. then reinstall then it will save.
excelente aplicación. muy completa, fácil de usar.
. best feature, snap a pic of receipts, log em immediately, drop the actual receipt in a shoebox, & forget about it!!! you can see if anyone paid instantly on your phone, send an invoice change, i mean its the fastest accounting i've ever done in 20yrs!
was an excellent app but...... never had a problem up to a month ago. upgraded my phone to galaxy s7 and now app does not work. this glitch needs to be fixed asap. i rely on this as i'm out in the feild daily.
contractor. works great for all aspects of my business. only issue is updating my accounts linked to it. just keeps sending details to my bank and never stops. i have to reset every time to update. other then that it's great
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes.
nightmare to dream app. might help save a lot of angst between my wife and i when it comes to invoicing, collecting, and tracking. looks very promising, invoiced thousands with it last night with relative ease on two macs, two samsung smartphones, and an asus laptop. updated fine across all devices. am curious about mileage tracking and auto populating from my google calendar.
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
. does not work as advertised
. very powerful program.
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
looking for another software. they always have “50% off” that’s just to get you because i have a year with them and it is the 3rd. time they had raised the price ! i’m now looking for another software.
top notch. this app works great, easy to use after i played around with it for a bit. very convenient and quick to use.
. awesome app for small or big business owners that have a lot of paperwork customers etc
. app is not opening. i have so much data in it please fix the issue
very convenient, its great access. could be more useful if advanced features allowed access to edit more, like editing products
qb. it would be 5 but i use it on several devices doesn't sync well phone app need more functilnality
won't let us start a new tax rate. the best app will not allow us to start collecting taxes. every time we initiate the tax rate and try to save it it simply says it cant perform that function please go to settings and let us know. it's ridiculous that a book keeping app as large as qb's is that such remedial tasks are often frustrating.
. excelente app
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
. used this software for a year in vain, they don't have invoice customization option, they are not supportive, we had to used excel for few clients and quickbook for few and this makes this software redundant
love it. i am an accountant and this is the software i use and recommend to all of my customers.
quickbooks. quickbooks has been absolutely amazing overall. main issue is customer service and their ability to provide customer support for the app. i was required to ph 3 different numbers, one being out of service. once i finally spoke to csr he was extremely friendly but did state they haven’t been provided proper training to assist with app related issues but would do his best to help. i would upgrade to 4 or 5 stars if they provide a user friendly option for support.
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
easy to use. makes life easy for tracking all business expenses and payments
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
. great app to use along side quickbooks online. i like being able to send estimates and invoices on my mobile device with the quickbooks app!
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
mobile app. you cannot check your inventory or edit invoices from the mobile app.
. using it to track expenses and take pictures of receipts. working great for me.
multiple selection?. hey is it possible to do multiple when using this app on iphone like it’s possible when using my ipad. if not can you make it possible.
crashing. updated to ios 13 and now the app keeps crashing after face id, please get this sorted as i can’t run my business
. great app. no problems
sssloooow so very slow. latest update takes forever to load splash screen about 8 seconds then face id happens fast then loading data: no problems. just takes for ever on the front side to get going.
crashes non stop on ipad. crashes non stop on ipad
amazing app. wouldn’t be able to run my business without quickbooks. thank you for the prompt ios 13 update!
nice app! but needs improvement.. please add a delayed charges option. i need to be able to add charges in the field from my mobile device. the app works well on my gs5
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality  i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
. error code 132.100 quickbooks doesnt even have a fix for it. customer service has no clue as to what they are doing. i like paying for software that i can't use
fantastic!!. i have been using myob for years , just swapped over . i am finding it so simple to use . no worries bringing over my info from myob . love being able to use the app on the go !!!
. it's an ok app, tends to crash here and there.
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile
. this app is just perfect. simple and easy to use and anyone without any accounting background can easily adapt to use it. 👍
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
not intuitive, not flexible, once in your stuck. terrible decision for a simple accounting software. converted from computer version...very unhappy.
great but needs the option for gratuity. i would give quickbooks 5 stars if my clients had the ability to add a tip for services rendered when i send them an invoice.
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
8 sur 10. très efficace!
. je n'arrive pas à le télécharger!! fini jamais ...... :(
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money and it's also good for on site reference
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
. thieves. they refused to deposit funds into my bank account and kept my customers money. i would not recommend.
great app. really like this app but switching from iphone to an android device i miss the expense option in the app. for the iphone you could input an expense on the app with the android you can not. i would like to see that added for the android app.
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
app keeps crashing. please fix your app... i pay a lot of money a month for your service and this app is terrible. for the most part i have to log into the online service to do any work. please fix your app
. excellent software, especially since my accounting is done offsite. qb is always improving it for ease of use. very happy with it, now going on 4 years usage.
. great app, though i still need to refer to the desktop version. i am unable to pay employees through the app.
beware price increases.. i love the functionality, but i've had two price increases since becoming a subscriber to the online service. the entire point of a subscription model is so that the company has a sustained income in order to continue developing and my costs stay fixed every month. this isn't acceptable so i'll be looking for other solutions soon.
. this app is simple and really easy to use. makes my job way easier.
good but not free. 30 day free trial 😣
the app have few bugs & the customer support sounds like they not familiar with their products. when you create a new customer and saving it and then you need to change some information in the contact it still shows the previous info contacted customer support few times and they are useless
abc air conditioning. fantastic, simple and has made a massive difference
its ok. i was hoping for this app to have mobile printing capabilities so we can set up thermal printers.
does not work. i have just spotted an ad on the bus in london. installd the app. created an account. it was difficult to activate my account as the app does not read sms itself. all in all, after logon the carches  it is not unable at all. i use galaxy s6.
best accounts app. seems to be the best one out there, easy to use on iphone
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. this was almost my solution to doing invoices on the road. unfortunately, they do not allow pdf attachments when sending an email. i need to send a pdf not jpegs so until this option is added this app is useless for me.
great, not perfect.... if you're looking for snapshots of where your company finances are, this app is great. it works well for giving me good information on the go. however, it seems like real, intensive work is best saved for the online version. i really like it but understand the limitations. worth a try, certainly.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
i like it. does everything i need mobile. clients, invoices and information...all that i need on the go.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
terrible. glitchy. doesn't update new transactions. hard to navigate compared to desktop qbo app. honestly, intuit knows it can do better than this. they're just greedy.
. stress free app
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
quickbooks online. i wish the app was easier and more full functional but then the whole online product is sorely lacking relative to the old offline product. saas makes such a difference for smbs but intuit has missed the boat on the cloudbased solution. ugh!!
. nice app for my very complicated business:)
lots of shortcomings. qo is great and this app is ok. too bad so many features are missing
poor experience. the app is extremely buggy, unstable, and very slow. logging into the app is unpredictable and i'm randomly logged out. entering receipts is quite painful to say the least, and is impossible without a decent internet connection.
. does all that i need for my lawn and landscape company.
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
"crash. all looks great until i press ""start your free trial""... crash and close. please fix this and i will change my review. not a great start..."
. no problems... works as advertised. no crashes.
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
. something has changed. lately i've been having a lot of glitches. everytime i try so save an invoice, it doesn't go back to the preview. therefore i wind up pushing the save button more than once which duplicate the invoice.
. this app is easy to use and keep on top of, all business activites are in one place and the calculations are done for you!
. it's very useful but it's only for simple accounting. the complicated stuff has to be done online. i wish quickbooks allowed me to do things like add bank deposits.
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
practical intuitive program, perfect for the novice bookkeeper. great program for those on the go with little time or experience for bookkeeping
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
not accurate. even after the most recent update the app still dose not accurately reflect my qbo account. all information on vended and clients are not up to date. this had been an ongoing issue for more than a year now. i keep hoping with every update this will be correct, but nothing yet.
great app. i run my one person business on quikbooks and i am not a detail person. my clients comment all the time on the ease of payment!! love it love it
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
. needs to be better i use desktop version for my small business. desktop version is great but i refuse to use mobile. freezes every time i click something, selecting store location is unavailable. its a shame such a good program is way behind on mobile capabilities. please make mobile like desktop
so easy!. keeping my books and budget up to date is so simple now. no more hurriedly scratched reminder notes that end up getting lost or having to wait to update my registers. great app!
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
best alternative for mac users. my accountant wouldn't work with the mac version 2013, so he suggested we use quickbooks online. having the ability to manage the business from anywhere, on any mac or idevice, is a game changer!
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
not overly user friendly. no payroll on mobile, ipad or online site via ipad which is very disappointing and not at all helpful in onsite situations. update to include payroll in these instances would be great but fairly useful tool otherwise
great way to keep up with small business book keeping. in previous years, with my software based quickbooks, i ended up doing most of my neglected books once a year for tax times. with this i do an update on a daily bases and will have do just a little detailing come years end.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
update is awful.. please fix the app. it was great until the last update!! can't even get tech support without it crashing.
works wonderfully. the functions now work wonderfully i just wish i could add project dates to the invoices and have them reflected in the google calendar.
no too bad. this app for the self employed version is pretty good. using the ipad is less so, mainly because it will not rotate into landscape view and the appearance of the interface is slightly blurry  not sharp like other apple apps. the features though, on the whole are pretty good.
. i've been using quickbooks for a few years. it's been great. but lately i haven't been able to access old invoices or quotes. very inconvenient for past work that we've done. now i'm having a huge issue with latest data not syncing to my device and can't even get into my account. things should be getting better not worse. i've consulted with customer service which hasn't helped either.
"works great for my business needs. i can send estimates quickly and they look professional. one feature i really enjoy is knowing my customer has viewed the estimate! occasionally the ""+"" arrow doesn't seem to respond on the app... otherwise i'm very pleased. dc"
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
lacking. app is seriously lacking in functionality. don’t buy quickbooks online unless you plan to do most of your work from a desktop. kind of defeats the purpose. way overpriced and they keep raising the price too :( wish i had stuck with the quickbooks pro platform.
awesome. pretty awesome app. i run a small cleaning business and very versatile.
found a problem. when creating an invoice adding parts even if you search when you go back to it to add another part it’s still in that same form from before and if you cancel nothing happens you would have to search for whatever else you want by name, you can’t just scroll please fix
not enough!. this app does not have the functionality that qbo has. therefore, useless. if we can't use the ipads in the store, what use is the app? 1. can't enter an invoice with the details 2. can't enter a vendor bill and do splits. 3. can't put payments in undeposited funds. 4. yep, useless.
. best app ive ever purchased
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
. this program will not let me separate my inactive accounts from my active accounts. also navigation is not intuitive to me.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
. you did an update on friday afternoon while i need to use the program. now i can't access the program because i need to do an update that o cant do because of a glitch in the update
easy to use. quickbooks is great for anyone especially if you like to do your books on the move
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
great app!. very useful, but i think it still needs some work. very limited, need to offer more functions.
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
it's not like the desktop version. why doesn't this have the same functionality as the desktop version? what a joke it is. i am so ready to switch to anything else!
. quickbooks accounting app is convenient an easy to navigate.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
makes accounting a breeze. this app is great. link it to your account and it quickly learns how to categorize your expenses. then all you have to do is confirm or adjust as needed. 👍👍
add more countries. i really love this app but my country, ghana is not part of the selected countries please kindly add it.
they just keep changing the app.. my biggest complaint about the app is the limited features on customer entries. the pc version you can enter a customer as tax exempt on the phone you can't. further if you open the customer information on the phone and save it it will clear the tax exempt status on the pc version as well. so it is a constant battle to keep who is and isn't exempt straight.
. useful, but doesn't replace desktop so far it will do most of what i need while out in the field. would like it to eliminate the need to use desktop once and for all. i use this daily.
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
disappointed. although it loaded up ok, it didn't refresh my data that i had added online. i emailed support who are supposed to reply in 24 hrs but never heard anything. so unless they get this sorted it's going to be deleted.
very convenient!. this app has saved me on so many occasions. being able sending invoices and estimates onthego is awesome.
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
qb app. it's been a great app, very user friendly. getting better every update nice new features and look.
business management made easy.... quickbooks has taken the pain and most of the time out of bookkeeping for my photography business. it lets me spend my time working with customers and get invoices out promptly to get paid!
. nothing but problems  continuous billing issues for 3 months so i cancelled. far from having a month free and paying £6mth for the past 2 months, i have paid over £45. really frustrated with quickbooks. i will be looking for an alternative.
good and convenient. i can sync quickbooks on my computer, ipad and iphone. convenient
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. major issues with app and desktop versions. back and forth calls to solve the issues. finally gave up and cancled. on the plus side, customer support on the phone was polite. however, the product itself isn't worth the trouble. this will be the third time i have called in asking about my refund, its been almost 2 months... still waiting.
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
works for me. no problems, been using it every day for almost 2 months
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
crashes. it now crashes. tried several times. updated everything. looked at website  no help. very disappointed, we pay good money for this.
easy to use and great features. i moved to quickbooks after trying xero, and find it at least as good for my needs and much better value. good foreign currency support, which is important for me.
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
give me a refund. i hate this app it’s trash an i want my money back !!!
. i do everything from my phone or tablet. this makes things so much easier
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
not user friendly. it probably wouldn't be bad if i kept a spreadsheet handy while i was away from my computer so i could reference invioce and estimate numbers with addresses. it kind of defeats the purpose though.
. very easy to use. easy to understand. cheaper than hiring an accountant. love this very much.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
two factor log in broken. can't log in since the app was updated, it just crashes after i enter my login details
. best app
"cool expenses feature allows upload of receipt  needs croppdf tool. one of the best parts of the app is the ""expenses"" feature, which allows you to enter all of the details of an expense on the go, including the expense account, how you paid (credit card, etc), and any memodescription of the transaction. i'd like to see the image upload function in expense allow for cropping, and even better, auto pdf conversion with cropping, like the camscanner app"
some problems. when it works it's great, i use it every day and every day there is a problem, the system tells me they are having problems, please try again later, takes forever to send email. it's very frustrating when you have a business on the go.
. great accounting app
accept button doesn’t work.. love the app however this latest update the accept button doesn’t seem to work so you can’t accept the new line items from your bank feed.
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
different. this is so different than qbo that it renders itself useless. i cannot rely on it for any accurate information. the only feature that is good is the receipt capture.
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
. sucks. can't create invoices easily. much like quick books online it has become to complicated....after years of both i'mm switching
taking our business to a new level. we have been so happy since we switched to quickbooks online plus! it has allowed us to streamline our invoicing and bookkeeping. our clients love how easy it is to pay invoices online. we love knowing we've received payment for each cleaning performed! qb customer service is excellent.
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
former intuit betatester. i love this program and like to see how far intuit has come these past few years...you may think i am biased, however, i use the program and love it...keep up the good work all. addendum: it is my pleasure to help with a program that i helped to take from a boxed prgm to a widely used online tool. you are most welcome. i will try to help and make suggestions as necessary.
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
useless. i am an avid qbo for ie customer for many years, but this ipad app is useless. can't do anything with it, and can not see banking info, the most important thing in accounting! if you want to view customervendor names that can be done, but you can't work in this app. view only.
love quickbooks. love being able to check things quick on the app and i love how you keep the software up to date with changes!
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
. the app crashes half the time i try to use it.
my experience. quickbooks is a system designed for people in business to streamline there activities. in doing so allowing their accounting processes to flow more effectively. quickbooks has changed my business dramatically. thank you
. for billing trying to learn
good app. but didnt work on android for 2 weeks after using it.
. very nice.
problem with quickbooks. i am having a problem putting my logo as the letterhead on an invoice
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
quick books. i love it makes my business operations so much easier!
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. not free. when it's 'free trial' it's free trial, not free. uninstalled $8 monthly? seriously? :)
easy to use. very easy to use compared to other programs i have tried.
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
garbage. app stinks
best app for organizing your small business!!. only had this for a couple of days now and just invoiced my first clients. it was so easy to use. i wish it could be personalized more but still overall a great start to my business!
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
not able to login. never download this app. i have reported this error many times to the quickbooks support team. till this date they haven't even just looked into this issue.
finally. there has been a massive weight of my business and shoulders thanks to this software. the ease,simplicity and on the spot actions you can do with this make it truly one of a kind.
subscription renewal poorly thought out. i have been using qbonline for more than a year. it picked the worst time to time out and demand a subscription renewal. further it requires multiple logins and you must be st your desk top. nothing more frustrating than what amounts to a software crash when you are trying to get things done. huge fail quickbooks
. very difficult to cancel free membership on samsung s8. contacelted customer service and they emailed me a dated version of how to cancel! so still struggling as they cant cancel it from their end! 😡😡😡
. great app use it to submit all quotes and review estimates
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
huge asset for small business. love the flexibility this app provides. i can do everything from the app that i can do from the desktop although it takes twice as long. however, as a small business owner being the accountant and the laborer it is great having the ability to pull up invoices with clients and email invoices on the go.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
doesn’t load (for me). app doesn’t load. tap on the icon and nothing happens. i hope no one else has this problem.
more than convenient, it's necessary. having the app makes it so much easier to do business on the go. you can send estimates and invoices before the client meeting has even ended. efficient and essential!
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
lifesaver. i love this app, it saves me so much time on the road and so much paperwork later.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
fairly good . . . but. i can't believe they offer milage tracking with the intro version, but as soon as you up grade to a more powerful version it is dropped. i need this option too and now have to go to a completely different app to record milage. that is a real waste of my time.
this has helped me have a life. without this software i would be buried in paperwork . it helps me stay organized. i have been using one version or another since 2003. thank you
. it's nice to have access to qbo account if computer is not available. 4 star due to some functions available thru online but not in the app. i am a qboa user and a pro advisor.
unusable. can't even log in. really disappointing. the ability to conduct business while on my route is crucial and i have never been able to get this app to work.
great app!. this app saves me so much time! it lets me run my business much more efficiently! wouldn't be quite as successful without it. it also has very professional invoices and estimates
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
. this program will not let me separate my inactive accounts from my active accounts. also navigation is not intuitive to me.
. good app wish it had a feature to scan in receipts otherwise it has been super helpful
useful app. adds a lot of useful abilities to your mobile device. i'm not a heavy user of it, but i have not had issues with it for months using the basic features.
waste of time. crashes at least 50% of the time i try to enter an expense while on the go
app is great for any business. i have a small business and this application is awesome. especially if you have a mobile business. this make like so much easier for your customer to pay online. inventory management is very easy to use and update
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
poor. if you write a review and the nickname is taken you have to start all over again. app is very limited and web version has problems with ipad pro
quickbooks online mobile. wonderful app to allow access from anywhere, from any device. i especially appreciate the increased usability from mobile devices. i did not have to lug my laptop on vacation, but was still able to stay in touch, and function as needed.
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
useless keeps crashing.. totally useless, cannot open as it keeps crashing, one of the key reasons of subscribing to online quickbooks will be cancelling tomorrow and going elsewhere.
happy. so far so good, but needed my accountant to help me make head n tails of it. i'm a worrier and was concerned about the financial side of my business. now i'm happy. taken the stress away.
. i think this app is not a bad idea. just that it doesn't have where i could upload my logo. buh all same it's a very cool app
. we tried the free trial before purchasing.. quick books keeps changing my partially paid invoice to paid in full .. when i called tech support he told me to fix this problem its 129.00he was rude and started to raise his voice after i started hows it possible i have to pay that much for a free trial app when they are the ones causing the problem... quick books is no good.. and their tech support is the rudest customer service i've ever heard!
. great app
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
fire the entire team. worst app. login doesn't work. recovery doesn't work. craptastic adventure
very convenient!. this app has saved me on so many occasions. being able sending invoices and estimates onthego is awesome.
. it's a decent app. not quite a full model with some basics left out. also, they need to make it available for kindle.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
. great business program
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
setup. it's too hard to set up the payroll using locations. there has to be a better way.
best thing i did for my business. very easy to learn and work with. now i can make invoices on my phone, tablet or computer and get paid fast. plus it is easy to pay employees and keep track
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
crashes. crashes during loading on ios 9. won't make it past log in screen. qb should have been prepared for the new ios release.
love it!. nuff said
. you have to pay and i am looking for a free app to do my stuff
. signed on to the mobile app but it will not pull up the data for my business. keeps saying that there is a technical issue. have tried many times. no luck.
great app. love the details and ability to invoice or add customers on the go!
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
doesn't work. app isn't working with lg g5 with android.6.0.1. won't let me login.
super easy. great app and accounts program  easy to use after a small amount of training. so far i haven’t come across any of those annoying bugs you get in other accounts apps
help and advise. i subscribe this on the trial and pop up the good deal 7.49 for 3 months and should be starting my payment for real is 14.99 in january. hey should be responsible for this ads. apple
. nice app would like the maps feature that uses location points like in the ios version.
absolutely stunning app. best of all the time n useful too
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
. the app has been having system errors & technical difficulties since january. why? my credit card is still being charged monthly fees and the product that im being charged for isn't working. your system is broken & flawed. please cancel subscription and refundcredit my card back. i would really appreciate it. i'm not interested in speaking to another rep. refund...
overall pretty good as an app👍. it can take awhile to get used to using quickbooks – but it is pretty good once you get used to it. occasionally it can be a bit clunky and you don’t get all the functionality that you would expect. but overall using it as an app is very good
love it, but. i love the app, but different devices have different functions. some things i have to do on the laptop. the internet version will crash and i have to reload it. not sure if its my internet connection or not. it is helping me get more organized and ready for 041516, ugh!
. after upgrading to lg g6 the app no longer works. can't even get it to load. reinstalled, rebooted still nothing.
amazing for small business!!!!!!. i started my service business one year ago and enrolled in quickbooks from day one. i can't rave enough about it! it's made tracking customers, invoices, and expenses so easy i can focus on my work instead of the accounting. still impressed and just in the process of adding payroll.
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
could be much better.. this app needs lots of work. is not possible to assign an expense as billable. is also not possible to add markup from this app. lame.
mr gottesman. just the best as best could be!!
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
. jai presentement un bug. perdu les taxes
all you need to run a business.. awesome app. all your accounting needs are build into the app. very easy to use.
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
. why does it keep saying that there is technical difficulties in using the app? even before prior update, it had this issue. no issue with the ios app though
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money and it's also good for on site reference
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
not reliable on weekends or holidays. times when i have to work on weekends or holidays i have the most issues logging in and being able to invoice customers. there is also times when i can’t login during the week, i’m guessing due to quickbooks working on servers! wish i could install as a program on my tablet instead of a app or still be able to use offline to print an invoice and receipt
fantastic software. a superb help to my business invoicing and payments are so easy to sendview and accept. easy to use and never had a problem.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
ok in parts. most of the invoices don't reach the recipient and when receiving payment it automatically defaults to undisclosed funds.
needs some improvements. great app only thing that would make it better is an offline version for the ipad
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
. was working for a couple months. now i can longer link to my bank account and the app constantly freezes with either a blank screen or white screen. completely useless..
best invoice app available. so far the best, has everything you need and more, it's like everything you pay for what you get.
onion vs. desktop. i have just purchased the desktop version. i would.like to use the app to record my expenses on the fly. from what i can tell you need to have an online account to do so. please help if there is a way.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
love this app!. this has solved my issue of remembering to create invoices after the service. so far i am loving this app :)
features are good but i always found bugs. errors everywhere
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
really good!. overall i think it's a great app. the one thing i would like them to add is the total dollar amount in the invoice section. in other words it would be nice to see a dollar amount on the tabs for open invoices and past due invoices.
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
covers everything. love qb love how you can work quick on the go as well, on the phone or ipad as well as computer. it can be overwhelming but customer service is always super helpful. just and over all great product.
. how to manage inventory ? i need to know the state of my stock, ie item, quantity, cost etc as the sales goes on how to do that ???
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
. very good and intuitive, i had trouble recording all my sales, but it's super practical with the app
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
app not working on my phone. app is currently not even loading before it crashes. nextbit robin on marshmallow 6.0.1. sent error report weeks ago and nothing yet...
love qbo it's fantastic.. this app rocks. i can see they are adding more features.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
good but lacks key feature. i love everything about this app for running my business, but they have not added the ability for a customer to enter a tip at the signing screen when paying with a card. i've requested the feature multiple times over the past year with no response from quickbooks. this is a key feature that is present in every other card reader app.
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
nada funciona , nada de soporte y ningún tutorial. soy economista y sé cómo trabajar con aplicaciones y ordenadores . es una de las peores aplicaciones que conozco y si quiero saber cómo hacerlo no hay tutorías o quia que explica lo que quiero hacer . no la compres
works well. it crashes and freezes every now and then which is annoying but it usually works very well. it's a very helpful app for my business
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
lacking. app is seriously lacking in functionality. don’t buy quickbooks online unless you plan to do most of your work from a desktop. kind of defeats the purpose. way overpriced and they keep raising the price too :( wish i had stuck with the quickbooks pro platform.
user friendly. this app is simple to use, easy to grasp, and professional in presentation.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
crashing non stop. keeps crashing when trying to sign in, couldn't even use trial, useless crap, trial expired, done the usual uninstallreinstall, still didn't work
. nice aap
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
has potential but still glitches. good functionality but i keep getting an error that an item is no longer valid and that i must refresh my data in settings. but there is no refresh option in settings.
convenient mobile dashboard. very convenient mobile dashboard allows quick status of all my invoices.
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line. still has a long way to go.
meh. dislike so many things about the app and online version. i would really like the ability to browse through invoices for ex. look at invoice #1 click next to see #2 and next to see #3 and the. be able to reverse this. unfortunaly this can't be done and one has to search specifically for an invoice by number.
quickbooks. quickbooks has been absolutely amazing overall. main issue is customer service and their ability to provide customer support for the app. i was required to ph 3 different numbers, one being out of service. once i finally spoke to csr he was extremely friendly but did state they haven’t been provided proper training to assist with app related issues but would do his best to help. i would upgrade to 4 or 5 stars if they provide a user friendly option for support.
. great app, though i still need to refer to the desktop version. i am unable to pay employees through the app.
can't record an expense. i get an error message please choose a template before saving. doesn't work since ios 13 was installed.
. nice program to help me manage my sales.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
does not register. i like the pictures and comments but cant see for myself coz it doesn't accept any of my numbers when creating a account so i didn't even register. somone pls help
. very user friendly app to use
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
no chart of accounts or banking. poor version. no access to chart of accounts, registers, or online banking.
good to review. i haven't got deep into it to create billing invoices yet but just to review what i've done from the work station, it's great.
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
great!!!. this is a great app. i own a small hvac company and i use this app every day. amazing, what i can get done from my device while using quickbooks.
actually professional now. i was using word to create invoices, then excel to keep track of when they were paid. now it's all done in one place and even sends a professional looking invoice to my clients! i should've moved to quick books long ago!
download app just to be taken to the browser.. not the self employed version.
makes it easy. quickbooks has done nothing but make my life as a new business owner a breeze. i can expense purchases, write up invoices and so much more right from my phone when i'm out of the office it's amazing. i don't know where i would be without quickbooks
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
login. wont let me log in on app or internet
great app. a lot of functionality from the site packed into the app. easy to use.
pool guy. quickbooks forced me to update from our quickbooks mobile windows invoicing system to quickbooks mobile with only five days notice. this was very poorly planned by quickbooks and put us in a bind. however the new quickbooks mobile online system is truly fantastic and offers many more powerful features and ease of accessibility. recommendation: this app needs the ability to create a monthly statement that i can email from my phone to my customers. currently i can only do this from a laptop.
. this apo no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
great mobile app, but it has a mind of its own. i've found the ability to work remotely as a great plus for estimates, electronic invoices and checking customer records. i have just had issues with downloaded deposit amounts and matching for reconciliation. automatic entry into register has to go!
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. cannot cancel subscription been trying for over 2 hours i will have to go to bank and change all of my account numbers because of this plus redo all of my direct deposits and all of my auto pay bills ..do not fall for this app
love it!. best app for my business!
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
crashes no bill of lading. missing two things, send invoices by text message and create bill of lading
great app. great app
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
last version have a lot of issues. since i got the last update, the app crashes a lot and its very slow!!
makes my job easier as a small business owner. makes my job easier as a small business owner
app crashes. everything was great until one day the app crashed. now crashes every time i open it. reinstalled and same issue. help????
. dashboard unable to load after dozens of reinstalls, reboots and even on another phone entirely. ever since the new redesign the app has been riddled with intermittent loading of the dashboard to now nonexistent. tmobile, oneplus 6t tmobile, samsung galaxy note 10+
easy to use and quick customer service. love this app for my business. makes it easy to keep everything up to date and keeps the books accurate. i recommend it to every business!!
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
great for start up. the app works great! i can do nearly all of my bookkeeping from my phone. if i need more detailed i just use my laptop! the monthly subscription is nice too!
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
rubbish. app crash every second
love it. it is nice to be able to enter expenses and check invoices on the run.
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
amazing app for a small or medium business. very user friendly. don't have to be an account to enter data, app allows you to do everything on the go.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
stopping subscription. originally a useful app, but keeps crashing following the most recent update on 27.09. will have to stop subscription and find something that works, so whats the point in updating the app if you lose customers?
great to app to have. loving the app. i would give it 5 stars if it was able to function the same or close to the online version.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
only for ar. this app pretty much just acts as a payments rec'd recorder. has no other functionality that i can see. need to enter vendor invoices on the go so it would be nice if , even if it doesn't have full functionality, you could at least handle vendors and customers on the go.
"super userfriendly. i love this app, as it is very easy to use even if you aren't completely accounting savvy. i would like to be able to setup ""reminder"" emails to clients who have past due invoices. other than that, i'm very happy with the features of this app."
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
simple. makes my life simpler. bottom line. easy to navigate. easy input. i prefer the mobile app over the website. i wish that u could set default categories for vendors, such as reliant defaults to utilities.
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
can't do much. among other things, you can't enter billable time. this would be my main use for this app.
lost without it. i do everything on my app, from billing, collections, banking, etc. etc. always works and stores everything i need.
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
. can't get any email response from quickbooks. bad customer service. i want to download my account transactions but no reply from quickbooks.
. the app is really handy when adding expenses. easy to navigate.
. login worked no problem this version. previously could never login.
. not very user friendly. can't enter data easily. the point to download the app was to have an easy access to my account when i am out working or if i have walkups. i will be able to easily send out an invoice or charge a credit card.
. great app very useful
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
. great app
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
doesn’t seem to work very well. every time i open the app it says some of my qb data couldn’t be loaded and that i should pull down on the screen to refresh. i try refreshing but the message never goes away and i never get that data...
cool app. very easy to use
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
. does some things great others not so much awefactor on some things... fail on others
. like others have stated, this was a great app until the last update. after a few tweaks the app is up & running fine now. every so often it will ask for me to log on again even though i just used it. other than that it works fine.
". won't allow me to update ""company information"", so customer invoices and receipts show the wrong information displayed. not a way to run a business, only track p&l. disappointing."
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
quickbooks  issues and problems. i thought this may be reputable like the brand. boy am i surprised. can't even call to get proper support. they think that a 48 hours turnaround on a request is acceptable these days...for your important accounting software. give others a look first, this online version is lacking what the desktop has.
a small business must have. i have used quickbooks pro for my small company for many years, but i can't believe i have gotten this far without this app.
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
good but............... this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
. this app has been a life saver!
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
not able to login. never download this app. i have reported this error many times to the quickbooks support team. till this date they haven't even just looked into this issue.
appreciated. great app, looking forward for same features as of website!
invoicing. i'm sending invoices easily!
what did you do with the functionality?. there is nothing to work with here. qbo has gone from bad to worse. what happened to the 'almost desktop version' i saw in beta?
easy breezy!. small business owner. everything i need for everywhere i go. i am on the go a lot and i need to be able to keep up with my business regardless. makes my life simpler. thank you!
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
login. wont let me log in on app or internet
. love doing invoices and estimates right on the phone
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
not working on ios 13 :(. it crashes right after opening. i tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but have had no luck...
keeps getting better and better!. indispensable for small businesses. qb online and ipads are a big part of our ability to maintain triple digit growth year over year.
. awesome! they still need to improve a bit for the mobile app, as some things are not available on it compared to desktop, but really, i couldn't run my business without quickbooks online
. absolutely horrible customer service having multiple issues but because they can't duplicate it they act as if it's not a problem i have to delete my app and reinstall just about every day now because it says there is suspicious activity when there isn't and on the samsung tablet the app will not let you do negative numbers for discounts
. exceptional experience and great customer service.
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
terrible product and now doesn't even connect. previous reviews are on the money, this app is terribly crippled on ipad and mobile. to make it worse some days, like today i can't even connect to do these limited tasks. intuit please wake up before you get rolled over like blackberry!!!
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
. would be nice to be able to record deposits through the app. the whole reason i have this app is so i don't have to go onto a pc. also, an option for digital payment, ie paypal venmo etc.
. data always not updated. when try to update manually, it takes a very long time.
great app for my business. so easy to use this on the go. love it.
. please make a simple way of uploading a photo to an invoice (instead of through create note option).
good but............... this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
. makes my job so much easier
. pretty good app. lots of features like asset register need to be accessed through desktop. ocr not available for receipts on this version
recent update. worked great until most recent update. can't create new invoices now. when you save it says it's saving but then just stops.
. it's a great app. i use it all the time with my company. very efficient, and easy to navigate. automatically logs out so no one else can get access to it ( logs out after being in active for a certain amount of time). making banking, estimate invoice, and employees records very easy to keep track of. also love that i can store customers an accept payment online also. only downside sometimes it can be slow but other than that it's outstanding
overall but problems. overall works well for small business. a lot of problems with checking account and credit card connections. one i am still going to have to sort through to make sure transactions weren't missed, as it only loads back 90 days. and you get no notification if an account suddenly disconnects. its a mess but customer service is good and they work with you well.
can't save an invoice since update.. please fix asap. i use to use this app everyday and now i can't. i love quickbooks but this is bad!!
big learning curve to start, but very powerful. it was hard work to start with (owing to my limited knowledge), but good online tutorials and support helped a lot  very happy with the package now after a few months of getting my head around it!
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
. used to be good but no more. cant update app for my account. out of date and wont sync. would not recommend this software now.....stay away!
. finally, this app is getting better! i have just quickly looked at it but the difference is very noticeable. goid things come to those that wait.
expensebill data missing in app. expense and bill data is not available in the iphone app while accessible online. what is the meaning of the app when i can't see any of my vendor bills or company expenses. development team???
. trying to uodate this app. it wont update and i can not sign in. please help love using it
. great app .
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
another year and totally happy!. everything i need to invoice and stay on top of calls is on my phone. update a year later still going strong. no issues or problems so far.
. this app does so much for our new business!):
always have problems. this application made only to collect money from us and every time they increase their monthly payment always have errors and problems and now big issues that i can not open the application on my phone and no one reply to our email or calls they are totally worst customer service ever
great. does everything i need, and in an extremely convenient way.
ios 13. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please. thank you all fixed now
don’t update. ever since last update it crashes when i try to run a credit card. was talking with customer support for an hour and all she could say is i understand. when i asked to speak to a manager the line was disconnected
great program. i love the program and still give it 5 stars nonlinear issue is i can’t run credit cards on the ipad version. wish it worked.
pretty good but no international customers?. the vendors that are set up as eu or other don't show up on interface, a problem when half your business is international. also, entering invoices is cumbersome, only use for extreme circumstances. but nice to have something that partially functions when on the run.
app is not functional. the app is keep crushing on iphone xs max every time you i want to create new invoice. billion dollar company but cannot fix bugs for a few months already, its embarrassing.
. i love this new app
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
. sorryest app i've had. cannot even log in.
simple, yet capable. does everything i need and i love being able to use it online, iphone and ipad. on the go flexibility is a must and this app does that flawlessly!
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. 1.3.20 still hate it no ""billable button"". zero stars"
excellent app. i like the qb app better than the online version of qb. the app is easier to use and allows me to operate my business with no paperwork and less time spent doing bookkeeping and office work.
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
good for invoicing only. i was really looking for an app that i can put receipts for purchases in as i buy things and download later to qb. this is not it
. grat app now with the new version and updates this is the best app for contractors like myself that are always in the field.
. would be nice to be able to record deposits through the app. the whole reason i have this app is so i don't have to go onto a pc. also, an option for digital payment, ie paypal venmo etc.
. just was on hold for 20 minutes and the issue is not resolved. the app is not allowing me to save information. also the online platform is not working with third party apps with the new tax rates in saskatchewan (reciept bank) been waiting for that fix for 3 weeks.
excellent for businesses in the go!. quickbooks is easy to use and the app allows me to create transactions, view balances and customer information wherever i am. i also love that i can take a photo of a receipt and categorize it on the go.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
". takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo. unable to sync with my data through app, after 3 days of ""engineers working on it"" (or are they off on the weekend even though your problem started onba friday?)"
love it!!!. i can use this app on the go!!!
great for cell phone however.... i originally gave five stars however the app doesn't work with tablets that don't have a wireless carrier. so though i am on wifi it won't download regardless of the os meeting and exceeding the requirements. aside from that great app when used with my cell
useless!. who is writing these positive reviews? this app is completely useless. it has none of the functionality of qb online, and neither does the mobile version accessible from a browser. with all of the money we spend monthly on qb products, the lack of useable features on mobile devices is extremely disappointing. can't even get a register balance? ridiculous!
good app. this app and software can help you track y control all your business data, in one and easy way!
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
sweet baby jesus this is exactly what i need. it has never been so easy to stay so financially organized. as someone who os chronically disorganized this app is a blessing. definitely worth the price when you need to record your expenses and write receipts, invoices and all sorts of other business related things to be professional.
. my subscription was canceled and i have not been able to restore it.
expenses. you cannot cost expenses to a particular job or client
. life savor!!! best app for start ups
please support iphone x & faceid. please support full screen resolution on iphone x and faceid
help. there doesn't seem to be a way to tie in purchases on to a invoice to charge specific customers. when you call in for help with the app, customer service does not have access to see what you're looking at.
wow! loving the switch!. it's more than i had ever expected. using square or other solutions or good old fashion checks in the mail are nothing compared to how seamless qbo has made my life. that mac app, ipad app, iphone app and even the apple watch app give me the pulse on our company that i've needed for so long. can't wait to grow into more solutions with qbo!
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
. dont bother if you dont have access to pc or laptop.basic features like editing customer email is not available on mobile devices including tablets.if an invoice isnt sent because the recipient email address sends it back,you have no way of knowing that an error has occurred even when attempting to check via any web browser.caused me £1000's of cashflow headache. contacted customer support,got a nonsensical response.made it sound like the problem is an actual feature of the app and software.
great flexibility. i now use qb online for 4 different companies and find the flexibility of reporting and multiple user access great. very few problems except we could not import our existing data from pastel
. why this app is not in french ???
doesn’t work. app won’t open and website is unresponsive. not very impressed with the program.
great app!. this app makes it so much easier to manage your quickbooks online account from the road or the office or anywhere!
multiple selection?. hey is it possible to do multiple when using this app on iphone like it’s possible when using my ipad. if not can you make it possible.
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
great app. if the sales history chart can show more than one year will be perfect ( at least 2 yrs )
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
to glitchy. way to many glitches but worst of all it is supposed to be exactly the same on the deferent computers and some times the same invoices show up on one computer and not on my i pad and only sometimes on my i phone 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. i love the update with the option to deposit money in different accounts
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
. get error message when i login on a mobile phone. works fine in mobile browser and on the desktop. app used to be great but cant even access the tools that i'm paying for anymore
great for in the field. its awesome to have the ability to invoice the customer right when the job is done so i don't forget later. easy to use and love that no matter what device i use they all link.
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
. your app is garbage. i've had to reset my password 4 times and have the verification code texted and phoned to me several times and still nothing. thanks for wasting 1 hour of my time that i cannot get back😠😠😠😠😠
. the app works really well. it takes a little getting use to...but once you get it, it's a great tool!
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
. i thought it was bad three years ago! its much worse now. not user friendly and still doesnt support my form of business. all they really do with this app is track your bank account and catigorise things. you can only catigorise as an expense or income. its the new year and new month and its counting transaction from jan 2019 as transactions from december 2018. i need help. any recomendations on business softwesr that also has tax softwear?
biz essential. still learning to capitalize on having my business so accessible on the fly. i send estimates and invoices before i leave the bid sometimes.
nice, but naughty. i am writing this review at christmas, that explains the headline :) this app used to be awesome. now i get a lot of can not connect to data or can not refresh data even after multiple refreshes. hope they fix it
totally useless. as a long time quickbooks user i thought this might be for me. after many frustrating hours trying to figure it out and the seeming absence of help i’m just going to delete it and cancel my subscription. as i said a total waste of time
one man show. this app helps tons: estimate and invoice from anywhere.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
. this app keeps getting error loading items, to invoice and estimates can't use it. i call them for support and they have no support they referred me to log in on the web site and the same happens the search button flashes and dispensers. don't waste your time and money. if any one know about a good and reliable app let me know. this one is not reliable nor is their support.
fits my needs. easy app, portable. thank you
as a cpa, i think qboa is by far the best of the big three. it's better organised then myob and xero and accepts wpns which neither xero or myob will. the fact that it's half their price makes it an absolute winner
app not working since update. normally i'd give the app 45 stars but every time i log in now it says sign in successful but there is no online account associated with the email and to start a free trial. however when i login from safari, i get in no problem. please fix as i am unable to access data from my phone.
easy for new users. i have a virtual operations management consulting company & use qb for invoicing accounting. i find it simple to create, send & receive payment from my clients & recommend them to use it as well.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. this app stinks. no features. nothing
. great app. really helps invoicing and tracking payments.
emailing payment receipt. via the phone app when i email a payment receipt it opens my email app with texts as opposed to sending the pdf payment receipt as it use to do prior to the last 3 updates. this was confirmed by one of the staff from intuit.
garbage. app stinks
amazing in app and on line. the perfect accounting platform. easy to use, fast and simple.
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
. app is crashing as soon as it starts... 🙄
i like it. i'm breezing through invoices. for some reason i feel like i can enter invoices faster on my phone than on my computer.
improve inventory management. very good software quickbook .. we are the manufacturer and we want to manage inventory of the raw material also ... when we sell a product then the raw material should be automatically deducted... otherwise very good sofware
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
great job. great app. very well designed and very user friendly
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
doesn't work on ios. unable to login. this is a known issue with qb and ios9. support states it is indefinitely not working. guess they don't have anyone capable of writing code. intuit is a real company, right? embarrassing.
works great!. i am a new business owner and i have qb online on my pc, ipad and iphone. it is great to be able to record expenses and take photos of the receipts right when it happens rather than waiting until later and possibly forgetting. no issues found so far!
pretty good but no international customers?. the vendors that are set up as eu or other don't show up on interface, a problem when half your business is international. also, entering invoices is cumbersome, only use for extreme circumstances. but nice to have something that partially functions when on the run.
". about the only thing this app does real well is it crashes all the time. some features of this app i can't even get to without it crashing. so all said i am able to look up customers but other then that it's useless. i try to use it on a samsung 10"" tablet"
very good for any kind of business!. quickbooks is great app for managing the everyday finances. it's very fast to send invoices, with this app all income and expenses are simple and quick.
. how to manage inventory ? i need to know the state of my stock, ie item, quantity, cost etc as the sales goes on how to do that ???
. the online version of quickbooks works well, but the app is terrible. we are in 2018 and the apps still can't do anything useful. why can't we have the same functions and features as the online version. i want to be able to view all my reports at any time. easily key in transactions. the app needs some serious work. no joke.
. easy way to do invoices on the go and trck if customer has viewed invoice.
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
crash. latest update causes app to crash on loading.
review. i am self employed, i find quickbooks is easy to use as my business is extremely simple. i do have an issue with the annual cost. i think that you should have different rates for individuals like myself who only use it a few times a week.
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
. doesn't update banking and doesn't have a taxes tab
great program for what is asked of it.. great program (i use desktop app on my macbook pro). but constant “improvements “ make it hard to find menus you once had. needs a one click solution to print all open invoices at once. biggest complaint is i get thrown off a few times a week. it’s a quick reload, and i have not lost any data, but annoying.
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
incredibly glitchy. the app is glitchy despite updates. i’m not super impressed by intuit in general. i use their payroll for my business, a lot of glitches there too. app crashes or spontaneously exits my selections to “accept” for no reason and i have to start over. does not learn well, i have to reteach things over and over.
. this app has made my life much easier while handling my business accounts!
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
very nice app. easy to use makes life lot easier and saves time
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
. i gave it 3 stars because it's ok. it serves its purpose. i'm now disturbed because my monthly fee was $9.99. the month of september  i was billed $19.99. why?? if this is the case...i'm deleting this app. now i feel as if you're stealing from me!
great. great for small businesses. only thing i'd like is for ability to update bank accounts through the ios app.
. not bad unable to upload historical data really hurts this app.
ok but frustrating. doesn't do as much as online version. lots of error messages when downloading bank data. poor customer service, not responsive when errors flagged.
"awesome apptool. although i rate it 5 star, there's much improvement that can be made on creating ""invoices"" definitely needs more options and versatility. needs more custom ability in modifying the invoice into something fitting to each customer. overall, keep up the great work and adding new custom features."
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
. compact, quick access anywhere, great customer support, tons of learning videos. it has all i need, and more.
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
horrible. app force closes. give me a refund on my account if i can’t access it mobile..... 0 stars
owner. i actually have never written a review for an app, and i've had an every iphone since the 3gs, i read the first review for this app and was so disgusted at the panning i just had to write one in support. i have a small business and use this every day! it's great, well designed and very user friendly. i run a carpet cleaning company and run basically every part of my business with this app.
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
great way to punish your workers. yeah, a client uses this and when he sent me a 1099 it took 30 minutes of creating an account, retrieving passwords, recreating passwords, etc just to look a file that was supposed to be mailed weeks ago. terrible system trying to force the people you work with into accounts and products to access forms that are legally required. please use other software and services that care more about their user experience.
one in all. i can run my business with great confidence because of this application available of quickbooks online. one my favorite functions is the capability of producing estimates, and invoices immediately. that function pleases a majority of my professional field clients.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
powerful, concise and easy to use. i get the information i need immediate, and am able to review, edit and accept transactions quickly and easily. this helps me answer questions on the fly!!
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
latest update is garbage. update: 1620 still a garbage app even after multiple emails back and forth with quickbooks development team and now it’s been weeks since i heard from them the app still don’t work even after new updates app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
great app. very helpful! good to go!
. great with some improvements would be nice if invoice generated from app had the pay online link like the invoices i send from computer. is there a setting that i need to change to activate this feature?
rubbish. doesn't work. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. deleted. no support from customer service
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
. this app is horrible. why make something so bad? it needs a complete overhaul. i can't email receipts to an inbox, income transactions don't show gst amount like expenses, i can't view pdf receipts. it's just all round ugly and cumbersome and i've only used it for five minutes. i thought the xero app was bad but it's 5 stars compared to this trash. deleted.
. fast and convenient for recording transactions.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
hi. app don't work
its great. good program. needs more functionality
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
user friendly. i can keep track of and operate my business from my phone. love it!
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
". takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo. unable to sync with my data through app, after 3 days of ""engineers working on it"" (or are they off on the weekend even though your problem started onba friday?)"
. great app for tracking expenses and payments
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) then hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. not working on tablet either. please fix asap.
. since i have gotten this app it's made my life a whole lot better .
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
crashes. a lot.. new upgrade crashes. a lot. allowed me on just long enough to click 'leave a review'. then crashed. again.
. good gets better we run our company on this app
. i love it on my phone . but on my tablet it's slow and says non responsive a lot.
"about 710. not bad but not good. the app keeps requiring updates if used on apple products. not an issue but the updates never appear. quickbooks blames apple and apple blame quickbooks. we ""updated to the cloud version"" from a pcm based quickbooks. so far we are very very disappointed."
good on the go. it’s easy to make invoices on the spot for customers and receive payments. i still prefer sitting at a computer but this app really helps while i’m on the go!
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
. i have contacted customer service several times for support issues with the appquickbooks online not syncing the transactions automatically. no one seems to have an answer on what's going on. each time i'm advised by a customer service represenative to remove and reconnect the bank account yet in doing so it still doesn't work.
glad i got it. i got this app when my computer crashed and it was the best thing that happened to my small business
very good. it should be able to synchronize with quickbooks desk top.the online version on the pc sucks!!!! not user friendly,and very limeted,
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
time saver & ease of access. if you don't have the app for your small business account already, well you better just click download now! it saves me hours of computer time each week and my clients get the necessary paperwork even when i'm on a job site working. invoicing and inputting receipts has never been easier!
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
incompatible with ios 9. this app is great in ios 8 and even supports touch id. however, it does not work in ios 9 and needs an immediate update.
awesome app. downloaded it now u won't regret it
. i'm an owner operator in the trucking industry n i'm new at this so i have one question.witch qb is better for wat i do qb accounting:invoicing n expenses or qb self employed:mileage tracker n taxes
slow to load and outdated info. the mobile app is pretty much useless, continues to give outdated balances, the only report available is a basic p&l. i need to see a running balance, not just the bottom line which is usually wrong but no way to check! i see many updates but no improvements, only rate increases!
awesome. i use it on my mobile, very efficient and fast in the field , for quick creation of invoices and quotations, on the spot so i never lose the opportunity to acquire a new jobs and customers
. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:) 23092019 i wish to ask, wether you can remove the function which not allowed to screenshot ? it is very frustrated when i need to inform my customer how much they owe. please !!!
crashes 48 times per day. app crashes over and over, saying you need to log in again for critical updates. there are no updates availability, and deleting and reinstalling the app doesn’t help. it’s frustrating because it takes 20 minutes to enter customer information, because you need to finish and hit that save button before the next crash. best to just use quickbooks in the browser, even though that isn’t perfect. four stars with no crashes.
perfect for small businesses too. all the tools needed plus user help forums, makes book keeping and accounting so simple.
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
just ok. your misleading us when you say i can run my entire business from my phone. try opening an invoice with an employees time added. i also cannot enter time or a vendor bill
love the app. the software has ways been my favorite to use for my small business. the app is such a big plus to compliment the web version. helps me keep up with everything i need while traveling awesome
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
. bugs galore and only on my first day of trying it out. sorry but needs some work.
love this product. i've been using qb for years. every year it get better than the year before. i won't use any other accounting software.
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
good but not free. 30 day free trial 😣
". made by nonaccountants for nonaccountants? it's impossible to use it to answer an actual accounting question.  shows ""no activity"" under our landlord's vendor account making it useless to quickly see what if any payments we made."
. ccan it be helpful to a kenyan guy
. every invoice i have done since the beginning of 2017 says 90 plus days past due
. freezes often and takes ages to recover
great for small businesses. we own a professional cleaning company on the big island of hawaii and are on the road a lot. this app is great for us for invoicing and writing proposals on the go. every client is important and we are able to service each one promptly and professionally.
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
. mostly worthless can't see bank balances or registers.
qb online. just upgraded from wui quickbooks pro 2011 to quickbooks online. this program is absolutely fantastic. i love the ease of receiving payments. love that i can take photos of my receipts paid to vendors. simply a great product. customer support was also wonderful in helping me get transferred from 2011
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
typical intuit product. buggy, not awesome user experience. slow, lots of errors, doesn't work most of the time and no support. use freshbooks or something else if you care about running a business.
still no progress invoicing!. great app for running a business on the road. i wish it had progressive invoicing...
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
. didn't get any customer services after emailing them.
fantastic app. love love love this app. so easy to use, a must for any small business
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
. trash app. havent been able to sign in for the last 2 months
room for improvement. it is a great app. it has a lot of room for improvement. i need to be able to assign each expense to individual jobs so i can job cost. also i need to be able to create multiple jobs per customer, ie sub jobs.
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
app does not open. after the latest update, the app does not open. it has been a real inconvenience.
. great app! the ability to update my account regesters on the go would make it a 5 star app.
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
problems with touch id. the touch id feature has a lot problems, doesn't work properly, please fix it
great. efficient. user friendly.. really enjoying having this app option for my business. absolutely loving quickbooks intuit online!! really like it can upload photos of receipts. my only suggestion would be to allow photos to be upload to an itemized bill. thank you.
problem. please update the quick book we are not able use from india..
. this app is terrible. they keep increasing the price but the quality doesn't change. i have to go on the desktop to attach pdf files. i use to be able to attach pdf files from the app but not anymore. each upgrade gets worse and the price keeps going up. still they keep asking for my feedback. it's the same. once i find the time to switch in done with quickbooks.
. perfect tool. easy to learn and use it
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
disappointing update. was able to do deposit on the go with earlier version. please fix.
exactly what i need. amazing app and way simple to use!
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
. the app has stopped working on my phone, i've been trying to log in for 2 weeks now and it constantly said the internet isn't connected, which it is. have sent an email via your contact details abs had no response regarding this issue.
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
little disappointed. qb on the cloud is a great idea and that's why i'm using it. however  wouldn't it be nice if the mobile version dis half what the desktop version does. i use mint for my personal finances and for a free service their app does it all. qb please get some programmers to get this app fully functional! i understand that you may not include every function but expenses??? that's something i expected to be able to do on the road.
. really quick and simple set up. easy to use. no problems so far. perfect for a small business.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. scammers!!!! worst mistake you can make! this company is a bunch of scammers. i used this service for about a week and found that i can't stand it, so i canceled over a year ago. my credit card still gets charged 40 bucks every month. i've got my credit card company involved and everything. this company sucks!!!
. love this app for it's ability to let me keep track of my job expenses and billing amounts. i will certainly recommend this app for my colleagues.
liked it until it stopped working.... it suddenly no longer connects. called quickbooks and they said they don't support the mobile app .... update..contacted developer listed in some of reviews and he got it working...
". very disappointed considering i do use the online quickbooks on a daily basis. i installed the app. signed in. then came up with an error message. tried to log in again and it keeps coming up with ""signing in..."" but nothing is happening. 10 minutes later, app uninstalled!!!"
awesome. this app is perfect
improved greatly. since the last update, the bugs have been worked out and the issues i'd seen don't occur anymore. thank you
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, doesn't handle banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
rip off. installed as companion to desktop. feature guide limited to decide which online version to choose. chose simple version since my needs are simple... no, wrong version, could i upgrade, no... support desk said i’d then lose the introductory half price... changed version... losing £6... chose next tier up for billing, £9 per month... no, wrong version again... so i’ve lost £15 and now need to upgrade to the plus version... beware folks, money grabbing machine.
. clean and intuitive great app for in the field estimates, this is probably my favorite feature. payment entries for cash payments is handy onsite as well.
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
disappointed. do not download this app. i'm sorry i did. extremely flawed.
amazing!. only disappointment is the fact i didn't sign up sooner 😝😝😝 well done quickbooks, well done!
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
. difficult to use. much different than the desktop version. i only use it if i am desperate. cant even find existing transactions or quotes .
. good app and easy to use.
pretty good but no international customers?. the vendors that are set up as eu or other don't show up on interface, a problem when half your business is international. also, entering invoices is cumbersome, only use for extreme circumstances. but nice to have something that partially functions when on the run.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
super cool. i have it with me know on the go and the reporting is also cool. had some challenges as the i initially bought the app through apple but once the i was migrated, problem was solved. i can't stop talking about this app to friends and colleagues. is there a bonus for referring people?
. it will not show proper reports when there is multiples companies in a login (this problem is only on my android phone)
very unintuitive. is hard to tell which expenses are finalized which ones aren't. it's just not a very friendly interface.
great app!. i love the mobility of the app. it helps me stay on top of my bookkeeping work while i'm on the go. makes managing multiple businesses that much easier!
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
. i use to love quickbooks but now it's not working anymore. please fix immediately because my whole business is run on this app... are you gonna fix this?
making life easy. qbs has enabled me as an absolute novice to business manage the financials of all components of my business. the ability for my accountant to look in and assist were necessary and conduct tax admin such as bas preparation has been such a relief. making life easy in small business is a welcome capability.
app doesn’t recognize credentials. this app worked well for me until the most recent update. now i cant login, says can’t find the account with this emailpassword. this is very annoying since i travel frequently without a laptop. now i’ve lost the ability to access my accounts via the app.
needs purchase orders. work in the construction industry and the biggest nightmare is a po system. you can create them online but this app does not allow for po generation which is a huge draw back. if this could be added in it would be a 5 star but till that get added it's very limiting.
. quickbooks has saved me so much time
. great service especially for a company on the go or starting up. would be better if it was optimized for the galaxy tab s4 . since it constantly crashes on it...
lots of errors.. there are a lot of bugs with qbo, and my accountants have noted errors in the reports. apparently qb is aware but haven't resolved the issues. we have also had numerous glitches in the program  including not being able to log into our account (only being able to log into my accountant's page). this issue has been ongoing for over 18 months without resolution. overall qbo has great potential if it only worked properly.
. amazing app.
. it's nice to have access to qbo account if computer is not available. 4 star due to some functions available thru online but not in the app. i am a qboa user and a pro advisor.
worst customer support ever. worst customer support in history. using their software and need cs is the best ticket to drive you out of business.
. absolutely wonderful, works well along with mileage tracker, would hate to be without it
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
help. there doesn't seem to be a way to tie in purchases on to a invoice to charge specific customers. when you call in for help with the app, customer service does not have access to see what you're looking at.
happy new year to me!. this will make 2017 a much easier year for me.
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
. doesn't work for the last few months on any of my devices. called many times support and they said they are aware of the problem and they are working on it. this is insane!!! i'm paying every month to get the online version and it doesn't even let me sign in. it shouldn't take month to fix such a problem.
great app. overall its a great app. you can do many things from the app that you can do on the desktop version. i would like to be able to enter the worked hours on the app and also to be able register vendor invoices not only expenses.
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
terrible across the board. quickbooks online needs a lot more research and development. continuously enters double entries from link bank account. does not enter feeds uptodate like it says it is going to
great bookkeeping app. this is a great app for tracking expenses sending invoices and overall bookkeeping. it is especially great if you are a mobile service and always on the go, easytouse from your phone or tablet or computer!
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
doesn't sync open bills or invoices. it doesn't show any of my current or closed bills that have been entered for vendors.
brian peterson remodel. great app. wish i could attach pictures to estimates and invoices using my mobile app.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
switching between companies. how come i cannot switch companies? cannot run p&l and balance sheet based on dates?
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app and also purchase invoice with itemised discounts option should provided in app
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
great app. it good for all your on the go payments and keeps it in order.
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
. when it works, its great. don't count on it when the internet is even remotely slow. i had to resort to another sales app to complete sales. lost sales and it cost me more money to use the other sales app.
. great app everthing i need from quickbooks in one app
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
. subscribed at the top tier quickbooks subscription, but i cannot check my inventory on the mobile app. i cannot express how sad i am, that should the first feature to ever be implemented but its just not there.
great app. had quick books for a while, the app is easy to use and has most of the futures that you would need on a phone... any bigger thing use a comp.
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
crashing and signing out. hi there this app continuously crashes saying it needs crucial updates. there are no updates and continues to do the same over and over again. i cannot use it at all now. help.
. few issues that are quickly resolved
. good app, but please can you add mode of payment to sale receipts and receive payment. anytime i do sale receipt on the app, it post the cash directly to undeposited fund account i created instead of bank account of cash and cash equivalent that i created... please help us fix this pls
meh. so slow loading new pages invoice templates are ugly hard to view invoice view doesn’t quite seem “google” more like a government website that got a makeover
. this app has changed the way i do business for the better. i can update invoices, check profit reports, and so much more very easily.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
garbage. app stinks
great app. i love working with quickbooks i can take it with me anywhere i go and makes everything with my business that much easier. i have used other apps that were good but they didn't tie everything together like quickbooks. i highly recommend it.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
great functionality. exactly what my clients need. i can review all transactions from all my clients on the go, this makes bookkeeping fun for my customers and saves a lot of time and money that's what i love!
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
. i love this app
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
pointless. useless app. can’t even see any supplier invoices etc. what is the point of having the app if you can’t work fully on the go!?
helpful. it's a very convenient app, i use it all the time and it's been the best!
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
. i like everything except when using android does not let you check history of customers if it's older than a year say. ios however does. i have android. i need to call one of my employees to check history on their phone which is silly
. very useful....has quite changed the way i track my business
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
. my wife has this app and it works well for her business. i got this app based on her recommendation but unfortunately it has been full of technical difficulties. several hours wasted on talking to tech support and was told the tech team might resolve issues in a week. all details of my invoices are erased and wrong dates are shown on all invoices amongst other problems. wish they could solve this faster, has been very stressful experience so far for me.
great app. awesome app for entrepreneur business.
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
. this app is rubbish. it doesn't do the single thing you'd think was necessary using phone camera to take photo of receipt to attach to transaction.
. very handy great app
expenses. how can i add a credited amount in expenses? in the qb online mobile apps??
does not even log into my company. installed the app, entered my login details then tells me sorry it cannot download my company details and to report issue. i've reported and typically the response i get back is to redownload the app???
owner. this software has been the best ever. it has made my job so much easier and faster for billing.
conevenient but lacks features. overall, good for checking basic things on the go, as well as some other basic functions. it is far from fully featured though. quickbooks online sees constant updates with new features lately, so it’s probably just a matter of time before the app catches up a bit.
they just keep changing the app.. my biggest complaint about the app is the limited features on customer entries. the pc version you can enter a customer as tax exempt on the phone you can't. further if you open the customer information on the phone and save it it will clear the tax exempt status on the pc version as well. so it is a constant battle to keep who is and isn't exempt straight.
. great for my needs to do estimates and invoices in the field.
missing a major key demographic.. although a good application, there are some things missing  like the ability to do business income taxes for t2 (corporations). this feature should be able to send those docs to cra in a format that ready to go. especially when small business corporations are being targeted in the media. help make this easier  there's no reason this feature should not be incorporated into the software.
app doesn't work. since updating this a couple of days ago, can't open the app at all. please sort!
great. nice easy to navigate interface. do wish you could import bank transactions like the website though. other than that pretty thorough for what i do.
business management made easy.... quickbooks has taken the pain and most of the time out of bookkeeping for my photography business. it lets me spend my time working with customers and get invoices out promptly to get paid!
impressive for mobile. i posted a bad review because of some bugs. i received an immediate response about upcoming updates and a week later it was fixed. i love that level of support. nice app too.
smart. a easy and rewarding app
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo
great functions, easy to use. really great invoicing system. great way of keeping incomeexpense records to be able to do your own accounting. can be frustrating when trying to login on the computer sometimes requires an sms to log in even though it's from home computer.
". creo está app buena administración de empresas x ese motivo desidi "" instalarla y google como responsable de negocios, se entienda, bien con esta empresa y tiene juegos de lotería de los casinos, también, para yo jugar en ratitos,"
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
helps me so much. new business owner, this app has been so helpful. can do estimates send invoices and input expenses from any where, weather im at the store or on the go i can work
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
does not work or match online version.. does not work or match online version. we cant make it accurate or work correctly. do not use.
perfect and time saving. now i can invoice my clients from my phone when i'm with them and i can classify my transactions each time i have to wait, directly from my phone!
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
great tool for those on the go!. while there is a lot of functionality missing that would make this app even more convenient, what it does offer is a tremendous help while on the go. from creating invoices to recording expenses to seeing your p&l and balance sheet, this app is a great tool and extremely easy to use!
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
. good mobile app app has a problem switching from screen to menu. tends to freeze up and close itself
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
we have qb enterprise. does this work with qb enterprise? or do you have anything that does?
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
. useless. android app does not support in india
nicely integrated. this app integrates really well with quickbooks online account. features get added regularly.
. i don't know how to express or show and i am not going back and back or round like a clock. wise, but i only know 1+1% i am still in? so i am going to use quickbooks account. and thanks again. i'm happy for every thing.
crashes. app crashes every time i'm using a lg g5 emailed support for help 3 weeks ago no response.sent response never heard back.
the speedy man, owner. i run my business on quickbook online for a year, and i never had any issues. i suggest, to new subscribers, getting familiar with the desktop version and having a basic accounting background , we can perform a ton of tasks on it. afterwards, we can start using the mobile app.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
another weak quickbooks mobile app. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my pc...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then??
great ap. great easy to use app really close to getting rid of my laptop entirely
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
. syncing of data is not appropriate. on online it is showing latest data. on mobile always showing data one month old. worst experience.
. wow amazing app.this is very helpful app. thank you developers.likeit.
. very useful software all customers use
. doesn't have my back in its list, so it's useless. i've cancelled my subscription. when i contacted support, they were obsessed with my subscription, rather than the actual issue.
. great app. now if they could only add payroll...
. found a better app for my needs
. this website is terrible and the customer service is friendly yet not helpful!!! i want to cancel my subscription and yet told to remove the app from my tablet....wrong by removing the app it does not cancel my subscription...very unhappy!!
very helpfu. great app. useful for keeping records even on the go. simplifies so much.
easy. it could be a little bit easy to use.... invoices could be customized to add options like hours....
not pleased. i put the qb online app on my new ipad thinking i wouldn't have to lug my laptop around the country anymore.... it does not have the functionality or settings i need. i cannot input bills from other contractors on the mobile app! they have a loooong way to go... it’s still clunky and like the cd desktop versions severely mentally disabled cousin. lame........
. great app on managing my bill on the go
. if i can navigate this app, anyone can! super easy and really professional. i'm loving it! i love the different reports as well. thank you!
cannot drill down for info. why bother making an app if you can't drill down for information? i am able to have full functionality with our hosted data base, so why can't intuit make this happen? i love intuit's products, so this is most disappointing.
vijay. very nice app
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
. not useful in india at all
. this is a wonderful app. it now makes my work so easy and accurate..
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
need to improve!. the sole trader app is great for what i do including logging travel however i am registered for gst and therefore cannot use it. i have to go to the online version and just discovered you have to buy the plus version to link to recommended logbook app. qb you need to provide gst to the sole trader app or at the very least provide the same logbook function for the other qb packages.
good app.. it works good with my ipad mini.
. i am with digital account
update problems. the app have now problems i recommend to check that i was using the app for 3 years but now is a disaster
. great app
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
. easy to use, simple and the lack of paper is a plus
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
literally crashes every time i try to enter a sale.. great for tracking expenses but useless for processing and tracking sales. very disappointed.
quickbooks mobile app. awesome app that let's me quickly and easily access and review what is happening at my business especially when i am away!
jason arnold. so far quickbooks has been great. their program has some flaws i’m told they are working on. the payroll is very very slow to get up and running. but all i. all it saves me time and money
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
qbol. great app!
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
nogo on ipad pro. doesn't look good on ipad pro and doesn't support split screen. need to be able to have qb open on one side and my project system on the other to create invoices.
. this app is just perfect. simple and easy to use and anyone without any accounting background can easily adapt to use it. 👍
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
do not update. i updated 5 minutes ago and already very glitchy with problems!
great software to work on the go. i just love how easy it is to use the software to keep on top of our receivables and payments. very easy to share data amongst our team to become more efficient. much better than using the desktop version
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
too many problems entering expenses. he expenses are not taking the payee. i had to switch to desktop to enter the expenses with the payee. hopefully quickbooks will address it.
. love being able to work in quickbooks from my phone! one of the best features is being able to take a picture of your receipt and attach it to your expenses right from your phone. makes your bookkeeping incredibly easy! wonderful customer service, love the payroll, too many good things to say about this app.!
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
very disappointed. i'm very disappointed because i have been unable to login on with my iphone or macbook pro. i tried to get help through customer service but all i got was a link. very disappointed!!
needs work. need more features like transfers, journal entries and ability to drill down into expenses.
add more countries. i really love this app but my country, ghana is not part of the selected countries please kindly add it.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
"great app for distributors. we can invoice and deliver on the fly without having to go back to the office to capture the ""in the moment sales"". our accountant has access and was able to set our account up to match his categories for a fast and no worry tax prep."
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
clumsy, slow, crashes often. not a great app, times out saving transactions, sometimes saves them, sometimes not. not worth the money
excellent program. finally found program that lets me do everything on go and let's me stay on top of company finances without my falling behind! thank qb
improved greatly. since the last update, the bugs have been worked out and the issues i'd seen don't occur anymore. thank you
not very good. there seems to be issues here. a lot of errors with login on this updated app. as well as having to wait so long for funds to be deposited. not happy
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
. like others have stated, this was a great app until the last update. after a few tweaks the app is up & running fine now. every so often it will ask for me to log on again even though i just used it. other than that it works fine.
disappointing update. was able to do deposit on the go with earlier version. please fix.
revolutionized my business. i don't know how i would be able to run my business without the quickbooks program now that i've had it for several years. i'm just starting to take advantage of the mobile capabilities of the program and it's great!
. i am with digital account
fix the app!!!. this app use to work great until the last update! please fix asap!
great software. great affordable option for small businesses. this software is incredibly helpful to ease the stress of being an entrepreneur.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
. it keeps saying check back in a few hours when i attempt to look at my bank transactions. very glitchy
recommend!. quickbooks is a must have to swiftly complete business tasks like, estimates, invoices, etc.
. i've just started using qb and i'm very impressed. i was using xero and truelly,it has been horrendous. qb all the way. so user friendly.
crash error crash error. quickbooks is a four outta five platform, this app is a one... signs me out and crashes more than once a day!
better than desktop version. easier to use than computer version. much faster. very efficient. excellent for companies on the go.
accounts. simple is the new smart
. slow, buggy, and unresponsive. tried changing the time horizon for a p&l report; nothing happened. that's just one example of many of how wonky this app is. intuit developers should be ashamed of this turkey.
. i just downloaded the latest version of the app and can feel a lot of the improvements! it had some issues in the last version but seems to be working perfectly well now. this app is crucial in managing my business!
great  when it works.. app crashes often and has trouble down loading data
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
great app. i am running a smal business llc for a tattoo parlor, great app for even simple tasks. definitely worth the money, and i wouldn't use anything else.
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
it worked good until it didn't. i can't even login it says app closed
. i've used different accounting software to see there was a difference in the softwares. well its a big deal. never will i stray again!!
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. problem tried to sync my company data, refresh it. and now the app crashes as it is loading my company invoices. it seems to log in fine. just gets hung up when trying to load. was working great at the end of last year. but now it won't work....please help! i was using the app a lot. just want it to work again. p.s. i am using a galaxy s4 android 4.3 thanks!
love it. this app works great for me.. .
. great with some improvements would be nice if invoice generated from app had the pay online link like the invoices i send from computer. is there a setting that i need to change to activate this feature?
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
saves time = saving money. great way to save time in keeping track of your business expenses and income. worth every penny for me saves me about 48 hours a week in managing my books and business.
multiple selection?. hey is it possible to do multiple when using this app on iphone like it’s possible when using my ipad. if not can you make it possible.
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
contractor couldn't live without it. i use this app every time i bill a client and can provide him with an accurate, complete invoice and receive payment on the spot. importing customers from my contacts is a great help. a musthave complement to quickbooks online.
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
app keeps crashing. even when i try to leave feedback the app crashes. no issues on desktop.
great app. for my business is been really helpful app. i'm a painter contractor, check job all day, if i need to send estimates and invoices now i can do it on the road.
. halimuzzaman syed. islami bank ltd bangladesh.
. intuit sucks! scamming company ran by non english speaking reps. bought simple start 2007 for 125.00 with online access ,etc. in 2010 they ended all support for this software. that is shady. they promise you all these free services and then years later a foreigner informs you that all support has ended. to better serve there newer products. they suck.
. bomb app andvery, very helpful, and useful!!! =)
just too expensive.... i run a small business and can't afford the monthly dues of qbo. hoping they come up with a more competitive product at some point...
terrible app. half the time i can not download my banking info, i can not do invoices. it’s junk for what you have to pay for it. i’m finding something new.
great app. haven't had any issues. has helped me run my business from the road!
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
problems. what my bookkeeper is finding is payments being applied to the wrong invoices. it’s really messed things up. from the checks being deposited from my bank. also, for some reason my quickbooks is duplicating invoices. i will have to erase the app and download again.
so far i have enjoyed the freedom from sitting at my computer. i can make estimates send invoices and do my banking right on my phone anytime anyplace.. sweet app
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
not good for multiple businesses. this app is very basic. can't even view multiple accounts without logging out and logging back in.
great tool for simple bookkeeping. my business is only income and expenses and cash basis, no inventory, so this tool is great and easy. i do all my book keeping from my phone.
. why this app is not in french ???
horrible app even if subscribing!. subscribe to the app yet they want me to pay for a new subscription, waste of money for months!
great, just like the web app. love to have these tools handy. recommended.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
way too limited. the app for the ipad is too basic. i can create an invoice and email or print but if i need to print an existing invoice there is no option to do this. after receiving payments there is no way to deposit them to my bank. i can't believe that qb would release an app before testing it. i am hoping that there will be an upgrade soon to make it functional. disappointed!
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
. so far not happy. it doesn't show my address nor phone number on quotations and i can't find a way to make it do so. also states 30 day free, then gives me a measly 24 hrs from the time of install to save with a monthly discount. ok, i'll bite. they immediately sucked my first monthly payment. where's this 30 day free trial? biggest thing is its extremely limited and not ready for prime time. poor release.
. this good app
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
sign in issue. great app, except the need to confirm with text or email every time upon sign in!! would have rated higher with out this issue. very frustrating
love qb online. most time saving, userfriendly, awesome, efficient app ever!!!!
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
. dashboard unable to load after dozens of reinstalls, reboots and even on another phone entirely. ever since the new redesign the app has been riddled with intermittent loading of the dashboard to now nonexistent. tmobile, oneplus 6t tmobile, samsung galaxy note 10+
. great app
description is misleading. there is no way to enter or see expenses in this app and of course no way to attach receipt pictures to these expenses. you can enter expenses using computer and attach picture of receipt there, but not in this app. if you need a plug in to do that, why not to say so? or just remove missing components from description.
unsatisfied. keeps telling me to contact support after trying to make an invoice very frustrating.
business owner. this app has all the features i need to run a small but quickly growing business. easy to navigate.
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
little disappointed. qb on the cloud is a great idea and that's why i'm using it. however  wouldn't it be nice if the mobile version dis half what the desktop version does. i use mint for my personal finances and for a free service their app does it all. qb please get some programmers to get this app fully functional! i understand that you may not include every function but expenses??? that's something i expected to be able to do on the road.
easy to use. easy to learn and use. nice to set up. help is always there if needed.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
crashing on ios13 please update asap!. crashing on ios13 please update asap!
great app, continues to get better. best decision i ever made for my business was moving to qb online. saves a ton of time being able to conduct business on the fly.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
i like it because of the receipt picture. some areas need getting use to
we are using this with the construction side of our business and so far the customer service has been wonderful. there are things missing or not working but customer service had said they are working on getting them added or fixed. makes it really easy for our employees in the field to create invoices and send them to clients as well as receive payments. will change to five stars when missing components are added.
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!! also, the separation of vendor mtce from vendor transactions is opposite of the web interface. same for customers.
love the app. wish though we could do the same on the phone i can do on the computer.
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck. all fixed. awesome work!!!!!
. terrible app, customer service is a joke with no follow up. switching to a different accounting software.
sweet baby jesus this is exactly what i need. it has never been so easy to stay so financially organized. as someone who os chronically disorganized this app is a blessing. definitely worth the price when you need to record your expenses and write receipts, invoices and all sorts of other business related things to be professional.
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
app problems. app keeps crashing haven’t been able to create invoices for days
great app. best app ever for a mobile business.
. after i finish a job i get my invoice right out to my clients, it starts that (30day net) clock ticking.
security update  unable to sign in. since the security update for sign in features i'm unable to sign into my account using the app.. defeats the purpose of having it aug 23, 2016  just redownloaded the app and have full access once again. oct 20, 2016  unable to select cash, check or credit account to pay an expense.
. great accounting for reasonable price... fairly user friendly
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
1 step forward  2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to redownload all the info. hurry up and wait
. kinda tricky at first but easily learned
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
how do i remove this app from my iphone?. i do not want to use thus app and now i cannot uninstall it from my iphone. l try by holding the icon and get a message asking if i want to share it. does not show in my settings so i cannot delete it there either. can't find online help.
. love this app
not bad. could use improvements but will get by in a pinch when you don't have access to your main computer. 82317 update 1 year later..... my review stands. too many things you can't do compared to full version on my desktop mac computer.
. the app has been having system errors & technical difficulties since january. why? my credit card is still being charged monthly fees and the product that im being charged for isn't working. your system is broken & flawed. please cancel subscription and refundcredit my card back. i would really appreciate it. i'm not interested in speaking to another rep. refund...
owner. great app
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
. always displays an error when trying to connect to bank for transactions
really convenient to use. you can use any mobile device to create invoice and doing expense! really use to use and user friendly!
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
even worse after last update. didn't think the time loading could get any worse. i was wrong. ap is pretty much useless while with a customer. everything takes forever to load. need to sign in every. single. time. then you click out of the ap and right back in and it makes you use the touch id. super sucky. i very much dislike, yet i need to use it everyday. ugggggggg.
. perfect for anyone in business. easy to learn and navigate. my clients love the fact i can give them a written proposal or invoice on the spot.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
cannot use non us address. quickbooks accountant online cannot he used for locations outside the us
great app. this app does great to keep up and quickly do business transactions while out on a job
. this app works great on my computer but will not allow you to accept deposits on a mobile device.
"latest upgrade is a disgrace. i have never written a negative review of an upgrade, but the latest version of this app made a great app totally useless. you can no longer receive invoices or reconcile bank balances. do yourself a favor and delete the quickbooks app rather than ""upgrade."" the mobile website is more useful than the app."
awesome. very good app
application bug. depuis la mise a jours de ios 13 je ne suis plus capable de facturer mes clients . j’espère qu’il va avoir un correctif rapidement merci
clumsy, slow, crashes often. not a great app, times out saving transactions, sometimes saves them, sometimes not. not worth the money
. great app, easy to use!
mr. recent updates have slowed both the phone and computer app to a crawl. very frustrating. otherwise a very good app on my phone.
great app but it buggy with lollipop. not able to use this app anymore when my samsung updated to lollipop. bummer!!!!
really useful. great app allowing me to raise invoices whilst on site, confirm details with clients and syncs with the software back at the office.
. like others have stated, this was a great app until the last update. after a few tweaks the app is up & running fine now. every so often it will ask for me to log on again even though i just used it. other than that it works fine.
not very good. this app dose not work with samsung galaxy s 6 or 6 edged, iv phone over 6 time now and just keep getting fobbed off , i don't even think thinking quickbooks technical support know wat they are doing i'm just left in the dark
. this app has been great for be and my small business it helps me to be able to stay on track of my invoices in and out at the touch of my screen.
. this is no longer working at all for me. i can't even log in. it was working fine until this weekend. something has changed. intuit need to fix this.
limited, buggy, slow... this a majorly limited version of quickbooks online. you really can't do much with it. it also crashes often and is extremely, painstakingly slow. but so is qb online for that matter.
professional.. this app helps me quickly and easily stay looking professional and on time with my invoices and government payments
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
crashes. app crashes every time i'm using a lg g5 emailed support for help 3 weeks ago no response.sent response never heard back.
. pretty easy and intuitive to use. i'm sure there is even more benefits than i know as i am fairly new to the mobile app.
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
missing features. missing bills (that you print cheques and pay later). missing payroll. this would be fine except they're raising the price on everyone in a few months.
. great app for the on the go contractor. i can invoice, send a receipt from anywhere.
. needs more function like the web based app
. conforme já relatado por outros usuários, o app oferece uma promoção de r$13,99. porém ao efetuar a compra o valor é quase r$50,00... engana na propaganda então já parto do princípio que o restante pode não ser bom!
. very easy for emailing estimates.
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) then hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. not working on tablet either. please fix asap.
better than before. i like the ability to record expenses on the fly and take a picture of the receipt. would be better if the smart logic time saving features in quickbooks online were incorporated.
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
. it's doesn't work in india
online quick books rocks!. they do a great job with this application. amazing how you can create invoices on the road and take deposits from your phone!
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
the software has been a nightmare recently using iphone and ipad keeps saying i haven't paid. i've written to emails and had absolutely no response to either no refunds either because i can't get the software to work unless i'm in mice studios on my laptop which is being fixed currently i won't be with me for the next four weeks so how i'm supposed to do any invoicing i have no idea this is absolutely ridiculous use sage...
highly recommended!!. makes it so easy to run my business from anywhere. definitely worth setting up if your out n about all the time or not to tech savvy. simple to use, there is tons of tutorials on their website.
feedback. the app would be better if you were able to enter bills not just expenses. very annoying to have to also use my desktop computer to finish my book work.
changes are not good. unable to email with attachments. the older app will not work.
excellent app. i am a accountant and this is excellent
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
. not free. when it's 'free trial' it's free trial, not free. uninstalled $8 monthly? seriously? :)
. i was finally able to utilize this valuable resource. it has simplified writing estimates. the more time you invest in filling in your information, the easier and useful this resource becomes. thanks and god bless
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. app freezes and crashes several times a day. the photo receipt scan feature is probably the biggest culprit. even simple things like updating my business contact information yields an error message which is usually followed by a crash. the mac version of qbo isn't any better. similar issues there. very clunky, buggy applications. too much time spent troubleshooting. time for an alternative.
great for small business. i run a small business mostly through through etsy. this is a great program to keep track of finances. the only thing i wish is it would integrate paypal here payments like it does square. it would be amazing if it could do the same with etsy. alas, i have to type them in by hand. i love the integrate on my iphone, ipad and macbook. it is very streamlined.
great but not perfect. while the app works 95% of the time there are some annoying glitches. some of the menus could be better laid out and some entries should be automatic. it would also be nice, when selecting the quantity of an item, that there would be a + and  symbol for easy editing. i'm also baffled why i can't do a deposit like i can online.
. i have had this app for my business for about 1 year. every time i spent the money new transection comes up 2 time . and it's too hard to remove on transection.
. great program
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
please add a vital function. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. adding bank deposits etc. surely it's time to add this to the app. for me it's unusable
jason. great app, but the online version needs progressive invoicing, fix that and its 5 star!
great app. only thing i don’t like is if you accidentally delete an invoice you can never get that invoice number back and it’s now been voided. that needs to be fixed so it can be adjusted or recovered. none the less it’s a great app. won’t ever connect my bank info none the less because that’s how you get audited for nothing.
doesn't work. omg i'm so frustrated with this app...now it doesn't work at all on my note 5 i've report the error so many times and no reply
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
. great but sometimes invoices lock with the inability to edit unless opened with a different device.
. slow, buggy, and unresponsive. tried changing the time horizon for a p&l report; nothing happened. that's just one example of many of how wonky this app is. intuit developers should be ashamed of this turkey.
great. good apps
worth it could be improved. works well, my only complaint is different functions are available or not available depending on how you access quickbooks. can be a little frustrating when i need to send an account statement and have to do it from a pc as that option seems to be absent on iphone and ipad access. better than my other invoice options by far worth using for sure.
. if you can go anywhere else please do. i'm not sure how thet can, whether it was one person or a group of people in qb, but they consistently took money from our account. with our attorney we are in the process of getting the issue resolved. do not use qb.
great timesaver. i used the free app and i have made up my mind that i will be purchasing this for my small construction business.
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
this update is total trash!!!!. errors on just about everything i try to do and things save twice and web pages aren't ready for ipad pro! don't update!!!!!
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
awesome app. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:)
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
amazing app to accompany an amazing program. i've been using quickbooks online along with the app for over a year. my business has never been more organized in regards to accounting. being able to access all of my information from my phone is a game changer. will give the app 5 stars when they implement a way to move items once added to an estimateinvoice.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
". just signed up. you get a 24hr trial and then it asks you to spend $7.99mo with a 30% off discount (not sure if that is included, or what). so much for a ""free"" app."
i love this app. easy to use, transfers well from computer to cell phone. absolutely love it.
. decent it's ok for adding expenses... but account balances are significantly lacking... i.e. non existent! must have!
". pretty much a steaming pile of frustration. don't use it to record invoice pmts. the app will apply the payment not to your chequing account, or the account of your choice, but to some weird account called ""unapplied amount""."
. great app very helpful when your business is on the go
. the app is great when it works! it took 3 times of deleting and reinstalling to get it to work again. but its working perfctly again.
logging out.... every time i open the app, it logs out. so now i have to keep my qb password with me. love qb but hate this app. have raised the issue, been ignored.
. it's a very powerful program for small businesses. love the variability of online to where you can use any device to accomplish tasks
emailing payment receipt. via the phone app when i email a payment receipt it opens my email app with texts as opposed to sending the pdf payment receipt as it use to do prior to the last 3 updates. this was confirmed by one of the staff from intuit.
quickbooks online not working. i paid my subscription thru itunes, got charged but haven’t been able to use it.... it keep giving me a message to subscribe which i already did. contacted apple, itunes, and intuit quickbooks and haven gotten anywhere... frustrating!!!
love it.. i love this app. easy to use and is pretty reliable within little downtime. however i would like more options like inclusion of sku numbers and the ability to pay for subscriptions within the app.
room for improvement. it is a great app. it has a lot of room for improvement. i need to be able to assign each expense to individual jobs so i can job cost. also i need to be able to create multiple jobs per customer, ie sub jobs.
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
. so far i've loved everything about this app.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. it sucks scam!!! so i tried quickbooks just for hel,p i got logged out of the app and now i have to pay $400 just to restart my password other companies are free.
good resource. i will update this as i see necessary, haven't made a customer service call yet. but overall the navigation is something to get used to because it's very in depth and many details that you would expect are included with the software.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. awefull, not suited to non accounting folk. unless you fully understand the system it will not represent the companies financial status.
great app. saves me a lot of time. very fluid with payments and bank transfers.
no too bad. this app for the self employed version is pretty good. using the ipad is less so, mainly because it will not rotate into landscape view and the appearance of the interface is slightly blurry  not sharp like other apple apps. the features though, on the whole are pretty good.
incredibly glitchy. the app is glitchy despite updates. i’m not super impressed by intuit in general. i use their payroll for my business, a lot of glitches there too. app crashes or spontaneously exits my selections to “accept” for no reason and i have to start over. does not learn well, i have to reteach things over and over.
solid gold. the transition to the new version was almost unbearably rough, but i am so happy with this platform for my staff + i. still the gold standard, looking forward to more compatible apps...
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. very good app!
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
incomplete functionality. there's no way to run a report, print it to a pdf and mail it to someone, or even save the report to storage, as far as i can see. i'm on the road, want to send the balance sheet to one of my colleagues, but can't see any way to do this from the app.
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
. as a quickbooks user anytime i'm in need of the app it's been brilliant. missing a few key features, but as i mainly stick to the web version it's fantastic when needed
. doesn't work properly
on way my home. thanks
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
still waiting for receipt feature to work. i have made multiple inquiries about the receipt expense feature not working and they haven't even responded let alone fixed the issue. this has been happening for over a year.
easy. i'm still on the trial but it helps me move from paper to electronic pretty easily. feels even better that it is all in arms reach.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
needs work & capability. for those of us that work on the road and try to reconcile books daily, do not depend on this app because it is nonexistent. no reconcile function whatsoever. i hope their team listens to our feedback because we can jump ship on any given day.
excellent on ipad, good on iphone. i use this app on my ipad and iphone, it's pretty good on the iphone but it's darned good on the ipad. hopefully they will develop more features on both over time as it's still not a total replacement for the web browser version.
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
. does not work right for 3 months and still not fixed...yet they still charge as if it were working
president. i’m busy right now trying to invoice, from customer service to user friendly software qb is on point for the business man. love the service for sure.
. after i finish a job i get my invoice right out to my clients, it starts that (30day net) clock ticking.
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
functional. easy. efficient. beautiful.. what more can i say? i am an independent film producer that is often out of the office. i prefer this app to the web version on my laptop. wow! this app alone makes the purchase of my iphone 7plus worth every dime.
fix crash. my quickbooks app was crashing on my ipad 3, after i did the upgrade. press and hold the app icon and uninstall it. then, download it again. it now works.
slow. can be great and convenient but it can also be very slow (just like the online version). won't always let you edit invoices through the app.
the best app for small business owners. i own a small business near austin, tx and i used to have to drive home to write up an estimate, but with quickbooks they have truely made it easy and extremely convenient. i highly recommend this app.
. it's very useful but it's only for simple accounting. the complicated stuff has to be done online. i wish quickbooks allowed me to do things like add bank deposits.
not a replacement. not fast. doesn't sync well.. this app needs a lot of work to be reliable and usable. no matter how many times i sync it doesn't actually sync to the web apps data. it keeps logging me off the fingerprint option. this might be designed in there because human fingerprints change very often? correct?
easy to use. very easy to use makes billing fast
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
hate it. i officially hate this program and will be changing to another accounting software in july. i have been using quickbooks since 2000 and used to love its simplicity but it has become time consuming and harder to use. make a mistake...can't fix it. if you are away you can' access all the feature using the app  you find a computer and log on.
great accounting software. perfect for small business owners with less knowledge of the accounting world. very user friendly.
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
owner. terrible , there is no estimates workable , also 85 % of desktop does not show i have been in desktop for years and wanted to use both not any more
good. they fixed most of the problems and added features i suggested and i am happy with the results
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
session expired loop. every time i log in i get a session expired message and logs me out. app is not usable.
trina gordon (happee momentz). great app! my business couldn’t function without it!
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
did update have had issues ever since. cannot download all of he files needed keep getting error code 10000. no resolution
. does as promised, great extension for using quick books on the run. a must have for business over view at a glance. if your pc crashes this is your life jacket!
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
veryy unhappy. i have a flooring company where i give discounts for different reasons. i am upset that i can not add a discount nor does it give me the option to add it to tge invoice pleade fix it immediately
. very useful, easy to use on mobile or pc. i have had a little trouble getting funds transferred into my account.
new to quickbooks. i decided to switch my established business from square to quickbooks and so far i have no complaints. it’s fairly easy to use. the only thing i’m currently waiting on is for my transactions to clear and be deposited which takes about a week since i’m new. should be a breeze after that.
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
. it does everything i need it to, customer service is really helpful when you're learning how to use it, and the convenience of accessing your books anywhere anytime is exactly what a busy person needs.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
not trustworthy. quickbooks has some issues with taking multiple accounts under the same email. i can not access my account because my email was used to open a second trial and i can not access my data any longer. choose better accounting software, overall. this app has no visible way to logout or troubleshoot.
. great app for small businesses...needs some improvements in some areas
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
app freezes. since updating my iphone to 13.0 the quickbooks app freezes once it opens. at this point it is completely useless.
. very useful in conjunction with app on pc.
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
less than worthless to me. who cares what customers are near me! i want to see banking information, view various account in qb, do real work on my ipad. i should be able to do anything on this i can do using qq online. should is the operative word here. don't waste your time and space on your ipad.
. great but limited awesome for invoices and receipts. can't manage reports or banking.
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
. quickbooks is rubbish, i have literally wasted days of my life trying to set it up to work efficiently only to hit endless glitches. the last straw was that it lost information vital to my business and therefore money because of lack of clarity on the app. beware 'edit current' actually means actually means change template and loose all previous information. quickbooks don't care about the individual and have not compensated for this.
. it's a great app for any business. easy to use and your data could be accessed any where you are.
. good app need less pricing for subscription
. this app is slow
. i love the app. i would like to see full functionality. that would allow for entries and time savings everywhere.
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
quick rip for me.. i find this app so frustrating and difficult. i have had it for nearly a year, paying for the services i can't even use. i have been trying to cancel it but there seem to be no option on the app. the website is asking me to trial the whole thing again. i can't even call and talk to a person. hhhhelp. i need to cancel.
. this app works really well. i love that it syncs with web site. i also like being able to take pictures of my receipts and add them to my ledger.
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
. purchased app following welcome link from qb online thinking they would integrate and work together seamless, not so totally separate and no vat invoicing. cancelled same day billed for a month.
for on the go. this app works amazing for exactly what is it built for, on the go.
. not fully fledged it's great but doesn't do much nor the basic things i would want in an app.. basic reporting, easy input of invoice (picture maybe ocr), accepting account transactions.
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
great program, an asset to my business!. great program and very versatile. would only like to make 1 request. please provide link for iphone users to copypaste invoice into text message. currently need to email myself and copypaste link. very cumbersome process thank you.
. very good program, other than the price has went up 3 times this year.........getting expensive.......started at $12 a month and now at $25
terrible app. absolutely terrible, even harder to cancel, don’t buy
love it!. we've used qb for about a decade, and looove the new app. makes life easier!!
. good app but even just a few days in i can see areas the app needs improvement
fix the app!!!. this app use to work great until the last update! please fix asap!
quickbooks online + app. quickbooks online is making my business accounts so easy. the bank connections feature allows you to sync online accounts straight into your account records. when new transactions are available, you can view and add them straight into your accounts, made easier by quicbooks match feature that marks transactions with previous similar transactions. support during setup period has been excellent which has made switching from another online accounting software quite an easy process. very impressive so far.
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
background usage accounts for 50 percent of battery life. this app completely drains my battery. i thought my battery was broken and was about to replace it, but apple tech report suggested i check on battery usage by app and i discovered quickbooks was the culprit.
. simple to use and good value. love the app!
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
organized. been in business for 20 years and been using this app for a year. love it. still lots beyond my abilities and i wish there was a little more help in the app for the accounting inept like me but i just bring the app to my accountant and they can pull all the data needed. recommend it. see sales, cost, accounts receivable at any given moment.
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
issue. man it tells me it’s not supported even tho it updates keep saying the same message
great. i wish i would've used qb a lot sooner. life would've been much easier
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
what is the point?. of supporting touch id on my mobile device if every time i go to use it first thing in the morning i have use my password then my touch id works for the rest of the day but back to square in the next. useless feature.
. can you print from this app
it works ok. using this app for serval years now. mainly i’m bothered by the small glitches and performance of the app, not so much quickbooks. every so often a new annoyance will pop up.
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
. great app, really so much better than anything else, there are a few things i would like to improve my experience... hard to explain... but i'll try... when i assign expenses on my phone, i have to go on to a desktop to tick billable.... does that make sense?
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line. still has a long way to go.
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes. in response to the developer: it seems i have to reinstall it every day just to get it work. i have been doing this fix for a long time and it still does not resolve the locking up or crashing problem.
. i think the software is great
love it. very simple you use and looks professional, only think i’d say is don’t let your trail run completely out before you buy because it won’t instantly be back up and running takes a few days
. since last week couldn't login on android or web application. . tried out ignito mode, different browsers., clearing cache even did not worked out. what's the problem guys?
quick book user. amazing app ever
crashing after ios13 update!. app is crashing after face id log in on xs max ios13
too slow. too slow, freezes, doesn't show if the email has been sent and other things... quick sale is way better.
if you don’t use quickbooks you’re probably wasting a lot of time.. i find the day to day management of my business much easier and less time consuming since i started using quick books. as with everything, it isn’t perfect. i would like to see more features on the mobile app. that being said, i only use the app and it works well for me. customer service is excellent. they strive to resolve any issue you throw at them. i would highly recommend!
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
why isn't app as easy to use as actual online. the online version is so much easier to navigate. i don't like that the app and the online version have things in different places. it makes it much harder to locate things. i would rather have one streamlined version to use on all devices.
. great app for any small business would recommend it to anybody who has a small business very easy and accurate
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. kindly update your android apps. very unproductive to use. will be migrating out. useless for people on the go. slow data sync. when not working, still need use a laptop.
. very useful when you can't make it into the office
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
. does not work well with android. the keyboard covers the buttons which kept me stuck when creating an invoice. invoices cannot be sorted by invoice numbers. why?!
. good app
. no unit field in invoice or estimation. makes it impractical in real life transactions.
. requires some changes. dashboard does not update data.
kenneth w. elliott sr.. easy to use and easy to personalize almost everything. would like to be able to change the quickbooks automatic invoice number to suit my needs. wish it had quarterly tax payment capability though and be able to send them to the irs.
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
i'd complain about crashing. but it won't even open. i used this app every single day for years, now its trash?! get it working please. i have paperwork that needs to get done.
. it's really nice to be able to do all of my businesses invoicing and filing on my phone. don't particularly like the ui on the mobile though.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
last update killed this app. i can't even.... will wait for the next update g to then i can't use it.
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. kindly update your android apps. very unproductive to use. will be migrating out. useless for people on the go. slow data sync. when not working, still need use a laptop.
. works great and keeps me in the loop if my customers even open there invoice
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
poor. this app makes very poor use of the screen real estate of phablet style phones and even worse on ipads. they also removed the comma from the keyboard, so adding additional email addresses to a customer is impossible. generally a poor design, this app is years behind where i should be.
quick books makes my life easier!. doing estimates and sending invoices is easier then ever!
. if i can navigate this app, anyone can! super easy and really professional. i'm loving it! i love the different reports as well. thank you!
good for on the go business#. great app for mobile business. lacks some of the functionality of desktop version. i like the way i can record every transaction on the go, even invoices and payments. i don't like the fact that you can run only one business per subscription. much to expensive to pay separate for subscriptions if you have more than one business.
. great app, allows me to invoice electronically and mobile. it then updates automatically in system.
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
update is buggy. the latest update won't save invoices correctly and doesn't pull up all my clients names. i hope it's fixed soon i use it daily. also won't allow touch id or pin sign in!
. fantastic app! amazing ability to invoice on the go.
app is awesome but works better on iphone than android. love the app however why can't i pull up profit loss statement graphs on my s6? this was extremely simple on my iphone 5. any help?
not complete functionality.. this app doesn't have the full functionality of the website, so when i'm on my tablet, i just use the website instead of the app.
. loved this app
. login worked no problem this version. previously could never login.
doesn't work. app isn't working with lg g5 with android.6.0.1. won't let me login.
great app. works great for managing customers and invoices for our company!
crashing. 4.0+ crashes on startup on cm13. however 3.9 works fine.
. app takes forever to load on my one plus 5t. will not load banking feed to organize payment catagories. man, for how much we pay for this service, you would think it would have a rocking app....
. vg and lot much improved with very good customer care support. thankx.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
should have been ready for io13. i waited patiently while running the io13 beta & this app not working. but now that the official io13 public release is available i have to give this 1 star, 0 if i could. the app just crashes!! quickbooks, you should have had your app ready way before this public release.
intuitive and very useful!. i'm surprised at how easy this app is to use and how much functionality it has. i'm able to do pretty much all of my typical day to day tasks within this app. it's extremely useful to be able to quickly put together an estimate for a client from my phone or categorize a transaction. intuit, you've done a great job here!
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
kerry pabian. are you kidding me !!! app is crashing on my ipad since the update ! why do you always do updates right before its time to do billing ?
. great app, makes accounting easy!
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
"problems. this app will not let me save an invoice, it always says ""this number already exists"" no matter which number i add. only started the error on the 301112, please fix."
small business. works for our small business, sending invoices is a breeze. just wish it had time sheets to keep track of our employees.
useless app for working in qbo. only found 2 reports available through the app. can’t “drill” into figures on the 2 reports provided. cannot access expenses on coa can’t really get any work done.
still has issues. the concept of the portability is great. but still has stop issues to fix, especially on the android app.
. we have a landscape business and this app is able to keep me up to date and current between sites. at the end of our day all my paperwork is done and current. love this app.
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
horrible horrible app. this new version is terrible! it will not save invoices for payments when i apply them, but then when i log in to the desktop version there's duplicate and triplicate payments.
quickbooks. excellent software, app is realy handy tool
. it's a decent app. not quite a full model with some basics left out. also, they need to make it available for kindle.
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
user. the best accounting app ever!
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
can’t attach existing photo with ios13. with ios 13 you cannot upload an existing photo to a new expense. when you select a photo, the app freezes and there’s no button to accept the photo.
***** updated latest.. very useful.
too sophisticated for just personal budgeting. i have been using quickbooks since 2006 and its predecessor before 2006. i only use it for my personal budgeting of 14 bank accts, 10 mortgages and 6 credit card transactions. sometimes i cannot figure out how to enter a transaction (transfers between accts, accepting matching transactions, credit card individual transactons versus balance payment) without creating a double entry or it cancelling out an entry. love, love, love the online version that i can access via iphone.
since ios 13 update not full screen. can believe this is the 5th update si ce then, and you can’t fix on iphone 11 pro full screen notch lack, we pay a lot monthly for this crap, so frustrating
good app. i like simple, this is efficient for my small busines, updates are making the app better. i can recomend it is supper easy to use.
easy here, hard there. you can tell this is more for business that need to create invoices more than purchase orders. desktop as well. i’ll give 4 stars when they add a po feature to the app.
. words cannot express how unfriendly this platform and interface is. both on app and desktop. nothing is plain and simple, switching back to invoice2go as i've been trying to create an estimate for over 6 hrs here and it takes me 5 mins on invoice2go
. great app
overall but problems. overall works well for small business. a lot of problems with checking account and credit card connections. one i am still going to have to sort through to make sure transactions weren't missed, as it only loads back 90 days. and you get no notification if an account suddenly disconnects. its a mess but customer service is good and they work with you well.
. loads, then crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled, and still crashes upon open. fingerprint doesn't work anymore. frustrating.
seriously easy software. great app for a great product!
so easy to use!. such an easy app to use, these guys have simplified bookkeeping down from something i wouldn't dare touch, to being able to raise invoices from my phone and connect my bank accounts, no hassles at all.
avoid merchant service. avoid at all cost the merchant services. they preapprove you and then hold on your money for a month before forcing you to refund each transaction you processed with them. i had to call 6 times 1 hour each time and it is still not fixed. they are still holding the funds and it’s been more than a full month. terrible customer service.
. great program and very user friendly
. using this app had help me reduce the time required to prepare my client account significantly from months to just weeks. some from 23 years backlog to weeks. i can use the time saved for other aspects of my client business.
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
don't believe the negative reviews!!. i think the application is a huge time saver. works great on my ipad air 2. i strongly recommend this app! it's like getting a full time bookkeeper for only $30 per month! i like having my business records semiautomated in the cloud. intuit offers a 30 day trial. why not just try before you buy? that's what i did and i haven't been disappointed.
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. zero stars"
. this app is awesome!!!!!
. is a great app to have downside is it tends to not load half the time. i have uninstalled and reinstalled and it continues to have an issue with loading.
"is anyone home?. i give this app one star because it doesn't let you select zero stars! all i've gotten for three days is an endless loop telling me that""to use this app you need quickbooks online"". no kidding? i'd love to find some of the application problems some of you are complaining about. at least you can turn yours on!"
great app. allows me to enter expenses right away.
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
basic functionality. just signed up for quickbooks online. the android app installed fine on my new samsung tablet. no issues running and using app. however, the app is minimal functionality. there is also no good dashboards like the pc or online web version of the program. pretty disappointed being development of such features is not complicated nor expensive for a home dashboard.
amazing. all i can say is i used quick books desktop version older version, the online is amazing and the availability of this app and the notifications keeps me up to date on every aspect of my businesses
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
gerald. tax . tax here applied is actually confusing as only sales tax is taken into account. it's as if purchases or expenses are not taxed. if you need to claim tax on purchases or expenses doesn't show anything. it's as if i do it manually or. how do i import quickbook intuit into quickbooks online. or why not merge some features in intuit to online. it's not only as you say to do invoice as you go but you can't account for your taxes.
great so far!. i am really glad we went with quickbooks online, as i love this app! being able to pull up any and all financial information as well as build and email estimates and invoices on the go is crucial to our business! thank you intuit!
. awesome app for small or big business owners that have a lot of paperwork customers etc
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
easy. i use it to view the position rather than a tool to raise invoices etc, a nice addon
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
. my wife has this app and it works well for her business. i got this app based on her recommendation but unfortunately it has been full of technical difficulties. several hours wasted on talking to tech support and was told the tech team might resolve issues in a week. all details of my invoices are erased and wrong dates are shown on all invoices amongst other problems. wish they could solve this faster, has been very stressful experience so far for me.
great app. fantastic app
accept button doesn’t work.. love the app however this latest update the accept button doesn’t seem to work so you can’t accept the new line items from your bank feed.
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use! still not working! uninstalling for now! i hope that you fix it!
great program!. the pc version is wonderful the mobile app is steadily on its way
mr. recent updates have slowed both the phone and computer app to a crawl. very frustrating. otherwise a very good app on my phone.
not functioning. does not function as expected. vendors do not show any activity...
superb. smart accounting app
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
very good!. really does help to keep everything at your finger tips, it's a convenient way to keep track of your earnings and invoices. one quick glance and you know where your company is at! 👍🏻
. it needs customizable products and services. it updates to often.
great app. yet again another update and even more glitches, you charge a fortune and cannot provide a decent service  i’m considering switching to a competitor as you have breached the contract that you have with me. this needs fixing urgently and you need to refund subscription fees! my advice to businesses and the selfemployed is do not use quickbooks!
excellent program. i have tried office and unless you no the formulas it doesn’t work. absolutely love how easy this is!
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
what's happened?!. usually excellent for uploading expenses it's now decided not to allow the option to add an expense. what's going on? please fix!!
very good app. excellent app
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
crashes, isn't sign in. stock nexus 5x. app won't sign in, hangs, now crashes every time.
awesome!. fantastic app. as a freelancer i am often away from my office. being able to create estimates and have my clients sign them on the spot has been great. and being able to send invoices from anywhere has absolutely changed my life! love it.
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
this app does not function properly on ios13. i cannot view any customer files. i can search for them, but the app will not let me click on a customer to edit invoices.
works great!. i am a new business owner and i have qb online on my pc, ipad and iphone. it is great to be able to record expenses and take photos of the receipts right when it happens rather than waiting until later and possibly forgetting. no issues found so far!
scanning receipt yet to be as effective.. i was using neat desk for scanning and it captures all bills. if quick book cannimprove receipt scanning for cab and other bills it will be wonderful.
not very good. this app dose not work with samsung galaxy s 6 or 6 edged, iv phone over 6 time now and just keep getting fobbed off , i don't even think thinking quickbooks technical support know wat they are doing i'm just left in the dark
. good app as a supplement to using online or computer version. would still love a better fast upload for expense receipts on the fly rather than so much data entry or using a 3rd party app.
overall but problems. overall works well for small business. a lot of problems with checking account and credit card connections. one i am still going to have to sort through to make sure transactions weren't missed, as it only loads back 90 days. and you get no notification if an account suddenly disconnects. its a mess but customer service is good and they work with you well.
. unless you are truly tech savvy avoid this app since finding help was as bad as getting help from fb or instagram in my opinion.
. very useful app only problem is not have a contract format you can add that please
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
app keeps crashing. even when i try to leave feedback the app crashes. no issues on desktop.
love it!. qb is stunningly simple yet superbly sufficient to handle our business needs for invoicing clients, reporting ar and preparing us for yearend taxes. the mobil app is equally impressive!
easy iphone app. i like it, it’s easy enough to navigate on my iphone. you cannot do everything that you can do on the computer but it takes care of most business.
where's suppliers gone. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense
great app. let's me keep up with things while i am on the go.
accounts. simple is the new smart
not working on ios 13 :(. it crashes right after opening. i tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but have had no luck...
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
"getting there. qb online is a great service, but slightly glitchy. the app however just gives me an error message when i tap ""banking"". that's the most important feature!!!"
. great app
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
doesn’t keep track of suppliers. this app works fine as long as you only want to send novices. unfortunately it doesn’t tell what you owe your suppliers and allow you to pay their bills, so while you are running around invoicing clients the suppliers will be sending the bailiffs round to your office.
. best app for keeping up with your expenses
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
ridiculous. very nice overall, with an incredibly aggravating poison pill. some genius (?) decided to eliminate text input on dropdown lists (eg payee), guaranteeing long and annoying scrolls for long lists. renders a potential convenience quite useless?
brilliant, simple and seamless. i've been a big fan of qb for the past 10 years or more...and now that the system is online and in app format...it's all so easy and user friendly...very intuitive. you have to have this.
awesome. love this app... i'm about to do a lot of work from my phone.
convenient but with glitches. while adding transactions from bank register, transactions get duplicated and doubled.
perfect for in the go. i've used invoice2go, fresh books and a few other invoicing apps. quick books is the real deal and makes your life much easier. highly recommend!
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
pointless. useless app. can’t even see any supplier invoices etc. what is the point of having the app if you can’t work fully on the go!?
. it's a great app for the phone.
. not the smoothest running game app
unable to sign in.... same issue many users are having with the latest update, i can no longer sign into my account with the app.
"finally. my clients can take pictures of their cash receipts and upload so i don't have to worry about an audit. i'm a qbo certified user so ""i"" know how to use it, but it's friendly enough that they can too. thanks."
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
great. i wish i would have used qb a lot sooner. life would have been much easier.
please prioritise. can you please forget about the fancy fonts and new colours!! first repair the many bugs and crucial features missing from this app so we can operate our business efficiently. once that’s done feel free to change as many fonts as you like.
. extremely slow. no it not slow wifi no it's not the device note 10 it's just a slow app
great app !. great app
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
. good mobile app for finance
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
major flaw  can’t add receipts to expenses. no dropbox or photo option. they advertise this system as super easy and convenient. you can’t add receipts from photos or dropbox. that makes the ‘add attachment ‘ pretty much pointless. i take a picture of an expense receipt but 0 way of adding it ... seriously. who designed this app.???
getting better and better. best app in this category.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wasted almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
wah. good app!
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
awesome.. works great for invoicing and reports. love being able to email and print invoices and estimates from my phone. i don't use it for payroll.
needs timesheet support. price went up 100 a year and still no timesheet support outside of desktop app
reduced feature set. previous version:the feature set of the web based app is not matched. (previous mentioned currency and time records). update: removed a lot of preexisting functionality and did not add any missing functions. much worse than before. cannot find a list of invoices due to a supplier. clicking on a particular supplier brings up only the address particulars.
great and very useful. don't leave home without it
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
. where do i start. purchased to help with accounts for small self employment business. did not upload new transactions from bank account or paypal as advertised on app or the full site. mileage tracker was not accurate. user interface too basic. so frustrating as i would use this constantly but as it does not upload my transactions properly, it is unusable. far too glitchey as an app. wish i had done free trial and not wasted money on it.
excellent. love this app!!
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
. we love quickbooks! it helps you to stay organized and keep track of your income and expenses so when tax season comes you have it all ready. we have found it very useful!
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
i can no longer log in. everytime i enter user name and password and press enterlogin, the password field goes blank and i get a message saying login failed.
. very helpful people to assist. easy to use in general. a little difficult to get head around undeposited funds and matching balances. yet great looking invoices and easy to track when payments are due.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
outdated. the iphone app is way better and has more features including hours and quantity in invoicing. this app really needs updating
. make estimates easier highly recommended
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
. nearly worthless... it isn't userfriendly, most times doesn't work, and can't easily search for items.
. quickbooks provides all we needs as a small business. their support is always patient and helpful.
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
crashing non stop. keeps crashing when trying to sign in, couldn't even use trial, useless crap, trial expired, done the usual uninstallreinstall, still didn't work
. keep track of expenses with this slick app!
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
. not bad if all you need is basic access and are happy to ignore or correct inconsistencies in the web interface after. there are a lot of data fields missing in product and customer creation. you can't view or create purchase orders and no data regarding them is included in the activity and dashboard views. not a lot of development and improvement in over a year.
great app. great on the go accounting application
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. kindly update your android apps. very unproductive to use. will be migrating out. useless for people on the go. slow data sync. when not working, still need use a laptop.
. great app, really so much better than anything else, there are a few things i would like to improve my experience... hard to explain... but i'll try... when i assign expenses on my phone, i have to go on to a desktop to tick billable.... does that make sense?
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
. i have seen personal budgeting apps that have better user experience than this. here just some of the glaring issues:  it forces you to relogin alot, and it does not support google signin, which means you have to retype a complex password every single time  you could use pin login from settings, but it is useless..  it forces pin code reentry everytime you use the camera or switch to another app.
. love the app. really helps making estimates and sending email to customers. it can also keep up with profit and loss but i haven't been using it. habit of doing it myself
. it's an ok app, tends to crash here and there.
. very frustrating app to use. as an employee i am required to log my daily hours using quickbooks, the app however won't let me even login to it. i go to login and it gives me a message telling me that i am trying to use an u supported role and it will be fixed in future updates. i have to go through the website which the mobile version is not great to use.
jason. great app, but the online version needs progressive invoicing, fix that and its 5 star!
. found a better app for my needs
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
quickbooks a real sage beater!. having been a sage customer for over 15 years i wish i had discovered quick books sooner, why did i spend all that money on yearly updates when i didn’t need too. i absolutely would recommend quickbooks to everyone and i do! thanks for a great product guys 👍🏻
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
looks excellent, just too complicated for me. i've been testing various apps that would suit my small businessfreelance needs. the app is limited which forces you to the website for certain deletions, updates etc. i also had difficulty navigating. i've since switched to freshbooks which was easy for me to figure out.
. great software. made my life much much easier!
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
owner light it up. cannot login iphone 6s qb update will not download properly can't get into customer information what the cuss😡😡
. good interface, easy to navigate
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
great app but it buggy with lollipop. not able to use this app anymore when my samsung updated to lollipop. bummer!!!!
great app for business.. a ++ must have app
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
. app refuses login on my phone. pixel 2
owner. grate easy to use set up and keep track of spending and overdue invoices
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
basic business. although it does have obvious business needs covered. it doesn't offer the next step in organization. without the ability to create work orders, or track services performed. it remains a minuscule part of my daily business. it really doesn't have anything that separates itself from other simple invoicing programs or applications. it's cloud based convenience remains the reason for my usage.
. awesome tech support
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken.
. i love this app easy to track expenses.
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
. the apps always crashes!
j'adore!!!. tout simplement super! l'application est facile à utiliser. très pratique de pouvoir faire des factures directement chez nos clients et pouvoir leur envoyer par courriel en direct!
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
only for ar. this app pretty much just acts as a payments rec'd recorder. has no other functionality that i can see. need to enter vendor invoices on the go so it would be nice if , even if it doesn't have full functionality, you could at least handle vendors and customers on the go.
excellent software. but need to make as industrial requirements. we have travel agency but it restricts us in many places. if ad travel agency options will be better.
. perfect to make invoices on the road however missing important functions like sending customer 'statements.
". was a good app. now it will not exit upon entering an expense. upon entering all the info and clicking ""save"" it stays on the same screen. if you hit save 5 times thinking it's not working it saves the expense 5 times. you have to back out and click don't save the transaction but it will be there. intuit  please fix it."
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
. quickbooks is an easy way to estimate invoice and send them to customers i enjoy this app very much
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
latest update not working?. can't save payments or invoices now? kind of a critical thing for doing books on the go...
have to improve in customer support. an ok app for small business.. but horrible customer service.. first starters, you have to call them only during pacific time hours..? so i’m in delaware, which means, if i want to reach them i have to wait to get a live rep. then, their wait time is terrible.. 30+ minutes. ??? so one star for now.. once you guys improve in this area, i’ll be glad to recommend and change rating...
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
terrible app...... terrible app it does not work. since last update👿
great app. i love quickbooks online as well as the mobile application for iphone and ipad. i basically run my business from my tablet and smart phone. we truly are living in the future.
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
. not sure if this was resolved but in reviewing past expenses and invoices, it looks like 85% have disappeared. if i entered more than 1 expense on a single day, it kept 1. some days i entered 56 receipts if not more and now i'm redoing them all. switched to a bookkeeper this year so haven't used the app in 6+ months.
really useful. great app allowing me to raise invoices whilst on site, confirm details with clients and syncs with the software back at the office.
i spoke, they listnened. i have had my fair share of frustrations with intuit and when they send out questionnaires i answer them and my biggest complaint was no access to a p&l which is now apart of the app. it's perfect for what i use it for and there's nothing like creating invoices and getting paid on the go. great update and thanks for listening.
printing receipts. how come you cannot print receipts on the app after you have put a payment through
simple + effective. much better than the online and desktop tools available. super accessible, easy to use, and simple interface and controls. 55 stars.
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
. i can't delete my account! i installed the app, and create profile, but it seems that there is no way you can't delete your account or ask quick book to forget your info, i'm afraid i shared my info.
great app. i don't have any problems with the app, seamless integration with the desktop.
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
. good and simple
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
. app runs extremely slowly and often won't even open. it freezes almost constantly. using a galaxy s8 phone.
great app. helps me stay on top of my business while away from the office and quickly send and receive invoices. love this app!
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
“critical updates”. face id does not work. every time i try it tells me there are critical updates and i need to log in again. there are no updates, and it tells me this every single time.
. online is a bit confusing, this is also. but, once you figure things out, it's great to use.
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
crashed. our quickbooks crashed a week ago. they haven't been able to fix yet. frustrating
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
". creo está app buena administración de empresas x ese motivo desidi "" instalarla y google como responsable de negocios, se entienda, bien con esta empresa y tiene juegos de lotería de los casinos, también, para yo jugar en ratitos,"
. poor customer service. substantial amount of time wasted trying reach a human.
. good app very nice and handy
very handy  will stop the boss bugging me!. good app for the boss to have. super easy to check on customers invoices overdue etc. would like to see timesheet daily activity integration please  perhaps with a contollable daily multiple nag me to enter times feature? with timesheet integration i could roll this out to other staff :) cheers!
. requires some changes. dashboard does not update data.
. this app coupled with the web based app is the best thing i have seen for small business. cut book work down to an hour a night rather than 3. the ability to send both quotes and invoices on the go saves hours. works extremely well with the paid web app happy as with both
useful app. adds a lot of useful abilities to your mobile device. i'm not a heavy user of it, but i have not had issues with it for months using the basic features.
don’t purchase from app store. over priced
. this is a great app, it's easy to used with everything straight foreard
. looks really good but not for me as i don't send enough invoices so not worth paying for. if i had more business and earnt more money then it would be perfect. but for someone who does cleaning a couple of times as a week not worth paying. shame there isn't a free version.
don’t use this with an ipad.. bought this app and was unable to get it to work with an ipad. 4 hours on the phone with this company and still no success. they charged me and told me to get my money back through apple. there is an open known problem being worked on their end but user’s beware. you won’t find out until you’ve paid.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
using for almost 30 yrs and about to quit. very sad that they charge for every issue now, to pay a bill, to use an invoice, even to do a credit for a vendor. it's going to be less expensive to hire a book keeper!
. love the app! easily work from anywhere!!
. i am downloading this app but downloading is very slow. happening only with this app.
jays. subscription
great for small business. it's a great app for small business. since it's a cloud solution, cheap and easy to access your finances from any where. need improvement to have detailed views and reporting for the management.
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
poor experience. the app is extremely buggy, unstable, and very slow. logging into the app is unpredictable and i'm randomly logged out. entering receipts is quite painful to say the least, and is impossible without a decent internet connection.
great app. does cost money this app. it’s definitely worth it! the app keeps up to date
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
. bekar hai do not any mail id login don't open
outstanding. just download it!
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
logging out.... every time i open the app, it logs out. so now i have to keep my qb password with me. love qb but hate this app. have raised the issue, been ignored.
easy to use. the more i play the more i like. simple enough to teach a novice bookkeeping, comprehensive enough to know where the money goes instantly.
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
app has connectivity issues. anytime i log into the app it causes me to have to relink my bank accounts every time. if i stay out of the app everything works appropriately. i can log onto different devices through the browsers without issue but the second i log onto the app on a tablet or phone, it will disconnect my bank accounts.
. much easier than using the mobile site on my phone and very convenient for sending invoices
don't like new update. i prefer buttons actions on the bottom than puede corner and still missing two things, send invoices by text, fax, edit or view notes online
custom invoices & estimates. this is a bad design
jordan hugo ,. i'm young and in business , only small but this app is perfect for tracking my expenses and sending quotes off. highly recommend.
. all new version is awesome this app is awesome! when intuit separated the quickbooks mobile app from this quickbooks online app they fixed a bunch of bugs and added a ton of features. if you have a quickbooks online subscription you need this app!
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
business development manager at play now enterprise llc,. it works great for me. quick books has amazing customers service. what i love the most is their customers services.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. ever since update the app doesn't work & my clients constantly complain about it. especially as it was a feature that sold the software to them in the first place! please sort it out!
tried them all. i persevered with other systems and intuit quickbooks online has been sensational since i migrated over. excellent adaptability, intergratibility and functional practical to use. very happy! keep up the good updates.
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
. app takes forever to load on my one plus 5t. will not load banking feed to organize payment catagories. man, for how much we pay for this service, you would think it would have a rocking app....
quickbooks. if you use quick books you have to have this app. its a must have
. like others have stated, this was a great app until the last update. after a few tweaks the app is up & running fine now. every so often it will ask for me to log on again even though i just used it. other than that it works fine.
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
majestique. excellent app. does everything it says. company financial is tracked better onthego.
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
. apps bad after last update... you can't easily see invoice and or estimate amount anymore, you have to click each invoice & estimate to see numbers... i will be changing program's soon if not fixed.... we need to be able to easily scroll up and down the hundreds of open invoices and see where things are, not open each invoice to get information... way to timeconsuming... can't screenshot what's going on because the update before prohibits this now.... please devs fix
. i just started trying my hands on an accounting software and i think quickbooks the best. as a student and a beginner quickbooks is easy to use and easy understand.
limited options. i love the app but would l like to be able to fully edit or create new customers and vendors in this app. although it is possible, it isn't as detailed compared to the online desktop version.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
love this app!. i have my own business and quick books makes my life a lot easier.
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
best app for start up company. hands down this app is the best for any size company, once its all set and customized to your company you & your employees will operate more efficiently. take your time to learn it don't be afraid to call customer service they are very friendly and helpful.
good but could be better. many features that are online, you cannot use in the app. even the online version is limited.
app doesn't work at all. after attempting to log in several times the app crashes every time. i cannot rely on it for work so it's useless.
business made better. this has been a great experience. it has made billing especially easer and i'm getting paid sooner. two thumbs up. great tech support!!
good but not free. 30 day free trial 😣
great features but very unstable and poor support. i’m an accountant that works with xero, qb and myob. quickbooks online offers probably the best combination of xero and myob’s best features but is let down hugely by the app’s instability (very slow and regularly crashes) and their support, whilst very friendly, is poor in quality and suffers from obvious lack of proper systems and workflow. we’re holding off recommending qb to clients for these two reasons. they aren’t quite deal breakers but close.
. the easy access to my qb account has been great to keep a pulse on the business as well as getting cash expenses in before i forget about them.
. it's an ok app, tends to crash here and there.
incredibly glitchy. the app is glitchy despite updates. i’m not super impressed by intuit in general. i use their payroll for my business, a lot of glitches there too. app crashes or spontaneously exits my selections to “accept” for no reason and i have to start over. does not learn well, i have to reteach things over and over.
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 3 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank. the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
. it doesn't have a feature that allows to also monitor the business on the pc, i mean webversion linked to the app.
. terrible. does not recognize my company credit card as a credit card, add o i couldn't add expense charged to it. doesnt recognize my cash account from my chart of accounts for when i tried to apply a cash receipt. clearly not ready for prime time.
. qb online is a great app needs to be able to accept cc though.
qb. it would be 5 but i use it on several devices doesn't sync well phone app need more functilnality
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
. great app
. keeps logging me out otherwise really nice app
. there's no option to cancel my subscription
couldn't perform like we do without. great app!!!! highly recommended. tracks and categories everything with moderate input from you. great on tax day!
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
dissapointed. this is the frontline of my business as i am a mobil service technician. app no longer will save or complete an invoice. this is crippling my business! fixxxxxx please immediately!
easy to use. with our business at the end of our fingertips, quickbooks provides the ease required to manage our income and expenses quickly and effortlessly. having used most of the other leading brands, we find this is the best by far!
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
can't save an invoice since update.. please fix asap. i use to use this app everyday and now i can't. i love quickbooks but this is bad!!
thanks intuit. i can create invoices at the job and get paid on the spot. ..no problems so far.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
not able to login. never download this app. i have reported this error many times to the quickbooks support team. till this date they haven't even just looked into this issue.
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. app worked good for the first couple of months but now hasn't work for a few days straight on my samsung phone. emailed the report to them but have received no reply.
amazing app. so great to use! still missing few features but gets the job done
. love my quickbooks online, but this app lacks the one feature i need. i'm an attorney and want to be able to add single time activities. it's often when i am out and about that i need to capture some time, and this app would make all the difference.
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
best business finance management app period!. bombdiggity
. would be a 5 star is the mobile app scanned and allowed multi page receipts and used ocr to recognize amounts categories etc to short data entry
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
works perfectly for me.. very convenient to have this program online. can run my business from my phone.
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
doesn’t always work. says it can’t show details on invoices. annoying.
loveland ohio small business owner. love quickbooks. new users starting july 2012. it has helped keep things organized and if i mess up or question, which i have, their help people are awesome in working with me to explain or even help me undo my errors. kudos to the team trainers who trained the team and kudos to the team's who are patient with us on the phone calls!!!!
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
. garbage. doesn't even have a spot to track vehicle expenses. in the self employed version you can. but you can't track hst. would be nice to have one option for everything.
. easy access to receipt and monitoring funds made and spent
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
. sign up this morning and it says free trial but once i finished sign up, google straight away charge my credit card for 1 month subscription and auto renew
. great app! makes running my business so much easier
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month.
fantastic application. i love this app. it let's me manage my expenses and easily invoice on the go. great tool!
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
still unresolved issues 3 month later. i’ve had quickbooks for over 3 month now and since i’ve had it i have been unable to allocate my bank transactions on my app. i’ve flagged this to quickbooks and had responses but no fix. keep being told to use desktop version for now! 3 months and still not fixed isn’t good enough for a payed for app.
great. absolutely love it! i love the fact that i can access my reports from anywhere, mac, ipad or iphone.
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
"about 710. not bad but not good. the app keeps requiring updates if used on apple products. not an issue but the updates never appear. quickbooks blames apple and apple blame quickbooks. we ""updated to the cloud version"" from a pcm based quickbooks. so far we are very very disappointed."
mgrm. great app
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
"don't download latest version!!. software was great before the latest update. now, no more touchid support, no ability to email invoices. we all remember what apple did with the maps mess, i wonder if intuit will have the testicular fortitude to ""can"" the person who attempted to update the already good software?"
. very nice apps
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
very user unfriendly.. i'm an ex myob user and also, lately, an invoice2go user which i find a dream to use. quick books however is so convoluted and unfriendly, i just don't know where the designers were coming from. i'm sure they've never tried to actually use the software. rubbish.
. it's a good app. it's a little complex compared to others. it's like it's made by accountants for accountants. not made for people who need help with accounting.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
keith fritz. this app is perfect for my small business
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
zero stars. it really surprises me that a big company like intuitquickbooks couldn’t come up with something that worked. the app is almost completely useless. i installed it, tried to do some basic stuff on it and couldn’t so i deleted it. please intuit you have to have someone that can build you a better app!!
easy to use. as a small business i find this to be a fabulous experience of accounting software integrated across all my various devices. i feel far more in control of my books than any other format or program i have used before. highly recommend this to any mobile business.
problem. please update the quick book we are not able use from india..
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
easy to use. for someone like me who finds accounting excruciatingly painful, it's great!
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be.
love this app!. very easy and simple to use. i can instantly add details from job to job and also great for keeping track of what's going on in my company. thanks jdm auto detailing
very handy  will stop the boss bugging me!. good app for the boss to have. super easy to check on customers invoices overdue etc. would like to see timesheet daily activity integration please  perhaps with a contollable daily multiple nag me to enter times feature? with timesheet integration i could roll this out to other staff :) cheers!
hi. app don't work
quick access. great app on the go.
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
kerry pabian. are you kidding me !!! app is crashing on my ipad since the update ! why do you always do updates right before its time to do billing ?
new version is slick. adding items in the new ui is simple and concise.
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
needs more. needs way more functionality. too few procedures allowed on mobile app. would have expected more from quickbooks
always improving. qbo isn't perfect but it is always improving. this week's update included features for accountants to track their client's pending work, communicate questions and request documents. this is good stuff!
. i think this app is not a bad idea. just that it doesn't have where i could upload my logo. buh all same it's a very cool app
for the money this app is terrible. this app does not seem to sync in real time. for example an invoice setup on online quickbooks does not show here. even the customer that was added online. for a large company making millions of dollars on these products it is not only unacceptable but it is also fundamentally wrong
loved it. its very useful app to track expenses and invoice.
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
. why are you advertising this app when you're not servicing in india.
. greeat app love you guys and ladies from all the products of quickbooks
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
fantastic software !. currently in a middle of a building site, sending clients invoice & estimates. now my time is my own this evening ! couldn’t do with out it .
. love my quickbooks online, but this app lacks the one feature i need. i'm an attorney and want to be able to add single time activities. it's often when i am out and about that i need to capture some time, and this app would make all the difference.
doesn’t have my bank. doesn’t have major banks in my country so can’t use it.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business!
. not being free hurts. if this app was free and did not require a subscription to use for us that buy qb pro i would give this app a 45 star rating. this app is not perfect but what really hurts it is the price being 10 dollars a month to use this app.
not quite what i'm looking for. after the invoice2go update disaster, i read a lot of good things about this app. sadly it fell short of expectation as i was unable to change the invoice number, which i would think was a pretty basic requirement. advice on the internet seems to relate to an older version of the app as the information did not relate to what was on the screen. i won't be utilising my free trial, nor will i be subscribing.
great app. i use it for business all the time it helps as my business is mobile always in the vehicle.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. this website is terrible and the customer service is friendly yet not helpful!!! i want to cancel my subscription and yet told to remove the app from my tablet....wrong by removing the app it does not cancel my subscription...very unhappy!!
great app. real nice app
quickbooks. quickbooks has been absolutely amazing overall. main issue is customer service and their ability to provide customer support for the app. i was required to ph 3 different numbers, one being out of service. once i finally spoke to csr he was extremely friendly but did state they haven’t been provided proper training to assist with app related issues but would do his best to help. i would upgrade to 4 or 5 stars if they provide a user friendly option for support.
". about the only thing this app does real well is it crashes all the time. some features of this app i can't even get to without it crashing. so all said i am able to look up customers but other then that it's useless. i try to use it on a samsung 10"" tablet"
love it. i'm no doing anything super sophisticated but i love the app. easy to use to keep invoices and expenses current on the go!
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
. app stops working constantly. mixes up info on invoice and has even added up invoice totals wrong. update getting worse and nothing is being done to fix. have asked for help and get none. i have invoices that have disappeared off the app!? to quick books stop the b.s. and supoort your app.
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
like it so far!. at this point i have only used the free trial version of this app. i like it. i do wish that it was linkable to my bank account or at least had a register like the software version i have used in the past but i am still going to buy the full version.
expensebill data missing in app. expense and bill data is not available in the iphone app while accessible online. what is the meaning of the app when i can't see any of my vendor bills or company expenses. development team???
great ui and mobile to desktop experience. i just started using quickbooks about two months ago and i don't know what i would do without it now. it's simple, easy to run a freelance business with. it's helped me become a freelance business and get paid which is the most important part :)
. really slow compared to desktop
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
on job usage. so easy to access invoices and job costing on the job site so easy to make my life easier
great accounting software. i previously used myob, thank goodness i changed to this  it is light years ahead and is saving me huge amounts of time.
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
editing invoices on the go!. i love it! when life is such a bustle and you need to create an estimate or invoice for customers, quickbooks makes it easy to do.
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
. great app! it makes doing my small business easier!
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
missing features. missing bills (that you print cheques and pay later). missing payroll. this would be fine except they're raising the price on everyone in a few months.
great for small businesses!. so far flawless app. i'm a mobile business and have tried several crm platforms. this is brilliantly designed and easy to use. i would like the opportunity for customers to apply a tip to their online payment.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
inapp purchase, but not stated in advance. rt
. great app. please keep your prices reasonable.
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
useless for mobile access. doesn't have any of the features you would expect from a mobile app. if you want to do anything other than create a invoice or view transactions you put in from your desktop, its a waste of time. no balances, no accounts, nothing useful at all.
best invoice app. easy to use quickly paid
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
if it wasn’t broken, it would be much better.. when i launch this app on any of my devices, i get an error in the app that says “unable to get all of your quickbooks data pull down to refresh your page.”
. amazing been using it for 5 years now. makes doing taxes a lot easier!
i like it but am confused. the app works very well, but i am confused how to change a quote from pending to approved. when i click on edit the option does not come up
what a joke. downloaded this app so i could pay employees and taxes on time without having to be at my computer and i can't do either, i have to be in front of my computer to do both. i don't understand why it's not allowed on mobile app.
great app. need to be able to make statements from iphone. just make the app able to do everything you're able to do from laptop. love quikbooks.
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
. crashed out. would not set even up account. lame. uninstalled.
absolutely wonderful.. very user friendly. no comparison to desktop version.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
. why does it keep saying that there is technical difficulties in using the app? even before prior update, it had this issue. no issue with the ios app though
so convenient. i use this app for work all the time. it is so handy to have it on my phone when i leave the office.
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
. the app has no way to change to accural from cash basis
. very easy to use mobile accounting app
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
great compliment to qb online. been using qb for over 10 years. recently switched to online and added this app. amazing ease of use and highly functional.
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
. this app hacked my phone and when i uninstalled it it reinstalled itself and destroyed my phone, do not install this app
. awesome app
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
. i have this quick books and pay outrageous monthly for the worst service specially the mobile app. have called them so many times but all they care about is to collect. just waste of time and no help. i wish i could take my customer list and go to another co. does anyone know any co. better?
. still relatively new to quickbooks, but the more i use it the more i like it. the mobile app is proving to be a huge benefit!
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
. very confusing, it's easier to just go to the website.
. it's a great app
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
. if i invoice a client and they mail check or hand me a check or give me cash i cannot record income unless they pay online bank transfer or credit card. so i cannot accurately. so this app is useless. and horrible client management. also need to be online no offline input. also i cannot merge to qb app each charge 9.99 month. cannot merge date as qb has better customer tracking. also neefs time tracking for jobs
. good app!
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
deceiving. it doesn’t show a price until you’ve finished setting it up then offers a 50% discount or pay full price. so i deleted it
get it. this program is truly life saving. having a small business especially, knowing i can keep complete and accurate records for myself and family is everything. a must buy product
please prioritise. can you please forget about the fancy fonts and new colours!! first repair the many bugs and crucial features missing from this app so we can operate our business efficiently. once that’s done feel free to change as many fonts as you like.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. simple to use and good value. love the app!
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
update ruined a great small business tool. quickbooks use to be an awesome tool to let us send invoices after a job is completed on the spot. it also allowed a user to edit payment information anywhere via the mobile app. this is now all gone thanks to the new update. if it is not fixed soon, we are looking into transferring our accounts to another system.
very beneficial app. this is a very beneficial app. it does not replace the pc version but is an excellent aid. it's helpful to send invoices on the go or at the end of a service call. the sooner the customer gets invoice the more chance i have of getting paid. it is a very good aid!
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
. app stopped syncing transactions, useless!
. great app to use for companies on the go. can email invoice to customers immediately. love this app!
improved greatly. since the last update, the bugs have been worked out and the issues i'd seen don't occur anymore. thank you
quickbooks online is a nightmare!. big mistake. if you are considering quickbooks online talk to some bookkeepers first or you may find yourself doing the books because so many of them refuse to work with the online version. once you upload your data to the online version there is no way of downloading the data to go back to regular quickbooks! as for the app, well it's as frustrating as as the online program.
perfect for a small consulting firm. this app is everything i need for my consulting firm. easy to use and easy to keep track of expenses on the road. invoicing is a breeze. love the data in the cloud. take a pic and throw away those receipts! works flawlessly between my pc, mac, ipad and iphone. only gripe is the ipad & phone versions are not as similar as one would expect.
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
. app crashs more then i can use it nearly impossible to get my work done will definitely be looking in to other ways t invoice and accept payments
omg. if you don't have it you are missing out. this is the easiest and most helpful app ever.
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
. so far just trying out the app. it seems to have what i need so far but will do further work on it.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
app does not open. after the latest update, the app does not open. it has been a real inconvenience.
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. rubbish app as never let's me update my bank transactions. i go to refresh and it simply comes up saying none and all up to date when it's not. makes the app unusable for me.
great for small business. i am a partner in a small mobile based business and the financial dealings are my responsibility. quick books online along with the app make everything so much easier than what we were previously using. using the app is pretty intuitive and you can accomplish anything i need to at a job site.
. fine app. would get 5 stars when i can do inventory
. it keeps logging out of my bank, and also deleted a lot of what i logged from last year.. now i dont have the correct information that i need... not very happy with this quickbooks app...
user friendly  no need for anything else. this is an amazing app to use on all devices with my quickbooks online package. managing all aspects of my business from wherever i need it. highly recommended.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
it's a great app.. good to create invoices on the run, and keep track of your business. my only complaint is that there is no place to put in a po or job name. i would also like if customers could sign with a stylist or finger on a touch screen phone. i have a samsung note 3 and would like to see that option. but still a good app.
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
. this is a very good way to keep track of it expenses and orders... i don't even know if another choice in this space!
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
needs work. glitches, freezes all the time, constant updates asks me to review app while i'm using app so annoying
. the cloud accounting system that actually is intuitive and has good app!
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
junk update = worthless app. since the latest update, my qb app shows an error saying that my session has expired immediately after i log in. i can't use it at all. pc access is okay.
quickbooks slow and hard to work. hard to understand and work. cannot pay on invoices on phone but can on computer. system is slow. give me the old system any day
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
"quick books is the bombdiggity!! ya heard!. as a small business owner it saves me time, click, picture of the receipt, click and the expense is logged in real live time. no more saving piles and piles of receipts. it also pin point tracks your expenditures. it's the ""bombdiggity""!"
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
never ending price increases. standard tech bait and switch. used it for a number of years but the price just went up to far. they get you with a low initial rate and hook you once all you data is with them.
so far. i like the app, the only problem is i can't add my income i can't figure out how on my android please help, so i can give it 5 stars
easy. i'm now able to send bids to potential clients easily.
crap. this app is a piece of crap my dad got it on our computer.when u scroll it goes the opposite way and there is also a bunch of other crap. i would. it recommend getting this
great app!. i have used quickbooks for years and love their software. this application takes their wonderful software to a whole new level. the mobility and ease of use are excellent! the app is well built and very easy to use. it integrates well with your main quickbooks program and syncs all your data in real time. a+++
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
using for almost 30 yrs and about to quit. very sad that they charge for every issue now, to pay a bill, to use an invoice, even to do a credit for a vendor. it's going to be less expensive to hire a book keeper!
. convenient app. helps me keep up with my accounts.
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
. it used to be a great app. but they even do not allow me to login anymore.... i did change the password so many times and did uninstall and install the app. now, i need to go back to my old iphone or lapy for my bookkeeping:(
ipad app keeps me up to date. i appreciate very much how handy the ipad app is for quickbooks online. it continues to add new & helpful features. the one i’m most happy about lately is being able to successfully “match” downloaded bank transactions. this keeps me connected to my actual cash flow without needing to have a bulkier electronic device with me. i travel a lot and being able to work with the qb online app is key to keeping my business successful.
love it!. why have i wasted time on quickbooks when i could have been using the online version! so much easier to use.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. app crashes 2sec after being turned on on iphone7. restarted phone, no luck
easy, fast and efficient. this app keeps me organized and on top of my cash flow. it is easier to use than the web interface and it's always with me when i'm on the road. as a mobile trainer, this is invaluable. once customers and vendors are set up, it takes seconds to update invoices, payments, and receipts. highly recommend.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use! still not working!
great can scan bills directly with phone. i use phone app instead of pc sometimes, as i can record bill right when i make purchase, complete with scan on receipt. awesome.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
stopping subscription. originally a useful app, but keeps crashing following the most recent update on 27.09. will have to stop subscription and find something that works, so whats the point in updating the app if you lose customers?
mgrm. great app
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
logs me off all the time. every single day this app automatically logs me out, displays a message that there’s been a critical update, and that i need to log in again. even worse it requires you to actually enter the password rather than allowing face id authentication.
excellent. i like the flexibility of quickbooks. i use it on my iphone, ipad and desktop. always synced no problems with it. couldn't manage without it.
. anyone please answer, how can i open a quick book file through this app which i was created by my laptop
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
qb app is awsome. i really like the options on the app. makes my business easy to run
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
amazing. it is a great app. so powerful i can do my full estimate and invoice and the best feature entering in my receipts for expenses and it's so easy!
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
. great for invoices on the go! for small business.
i am impressed!. i had to leave a review after being able to set up a new customer and then bill them all from my iphone! not a detail was missing compared to the desktop cloud version of quick books. good job intuit!
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
. best accounting app i've tried, much easier than kashflow for example
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
. i have trouble logging in the app won't let me it keeps saying my password is incorrect and i've reset it so many times and nothing works.
. awesome app.
feedback. the app would be better if you were able to enter bills not just expenses. very annoying to have to also use my desktop computer to finish my book work.
seles. how’s this quicker, how do you add vat, i was quite happy doing an invoice on my own heading paper, which looked professional, not like this useless thing that has cost more account fees 
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
not good. app and site are actually kind of bad. slow to load. not enough options. will try xero soon
great app. great for on the go owners.
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
owner. great app
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
hard to navigate. hard to navigate
. best app for keeping up with your expenses
has features the browser doesn’t. i can see addresses on the client list, and it integrates with maps to get driving instructions
. worst app website will not open properly in mobiles and ask for reset repeatedly for same user id, useless
home improvement. great app
improve your customer service. the program it’s self is easy to use, but if you need to call the customer service you have to request it by logging on and emailtext or the other problem is they don’t speak english well. with increasing prices they should have great customer service just saying!
avoid merchant service. avoid at all cost the merchant services. they preapprove you and then hold on your money for a month before forcing you to refund each transaction you processed with them. i had to call 6 times 1 hour each time and it is still not fixed. they are still holding the funds and it’s been more than a full month. terrible customer service.
perfect for construction guys. i'm always running from job to job and the mobility to give estimates and invoice is on the spot is priceless... plus the customizable terms for each buildercustomer with the added alerts helps me stay on top of receivables
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
.. i had to delete the app as it was having many issues. now i can't download it again?
. love the app, makes running my business so much easier.
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
crash with ios13. app does not launch.
essllc. works great, always performs as i need it too, makes invoicing and estimating a lot faster and easier! thank you qb
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
disappointed. needs touch id for login, and bugs fixed for ios 8.
excellent. does everything i need to do on the go which is great. don't always get time in a busy day to sit down and send invoices, but i can with this while i'm out.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
no chart of accounts or banking. poor version. no access to chart of accounts, registers, or online banking.
easy to use. intuit would benefit by watching what new users struggle with. one major thing i think would be nice is an easier way to account for merchant fees when processing payment receipts.
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
. can't view financial report when i use android phone, could you fix it?
jp. very good app for any business
quickbooks online. 80% of business can be done from smartphone including invoicing and expenses.
google auth broken. can’t login to my account using google auth.
needs a calendar interface. great app, a clickable calendar link would make it more user friendly
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
. if you can go anywhere else please do. i'm not sure how thet can, whether it was one person or a group of people in qb, but they consistently took money from our account. with our attorney we are in the process of getting the issue resolved. do not use qb.
personal accountant. brilliant softwareyou need to allow yourself a couple of hours to set up but once done it does all your reporting for you and keeps your finger on the pulse with your financial status  i love it!
expenses. how can i add a credited amount in expenses? in the qb online mobile apps??
. issue with app was directed in app to call quickbooks online customer service. no solution after being on the phone for 2 hours, they ended up calling android and at&t to try and fix the issue, which made absolutely no sense to me and got us nowhere. customer service has no clue about anything app related including when the password reset does not send verification code. i ended up having a different company to resolve the issue for me. below instructions solved nothing.
. been using quick books for my small business for years makes accounting & finances really simple.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
subscription errors. nothing but problems since january. i switched from the download to the app so i could do it at home and it's been nothing but problems, and not even the same ones!!! i have 2 companies, it's june, and i'm still trying to get this straightened out to input this years data.
great app.. make it more like online functionality. but i love the expedience especially in negotiations.
. this app really needs the ability to add delayed charge. how else is a user supposed to log billable time spent in the field?
all but useless. response time simply toooooo slow. customer would have to wait 5 mins for data.
easy to use!. a 5 yr old with a lemonade stand could run this application. it is very useful and easy to get things done. such a great tool to keep track of your business
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
just ok. the mobile version is fine. it the desktop version is full of bugs and slow. wastes a lot of my valuable billing time.
. amazing app
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
crashes upon opening. do not install. keep your prior version until they fix this. upon updating the app no longer will open. i called quickbooks and they said it must be a known issue then.
great app. no longer have to worry about computer crashes and lost data
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
. app takes forever to load on my one plus 5t. will not load banking feed to organize payment catagories. man, for how much we pay for this service, you would think it would have a rocking app....
very easy to use with my s5 from anywhere. very handy when you are out of the office and need to send invoices right away. love it
. perfect to make invoices on the road however missing important functions like sending customer 'statements.
why doesn't it update banking?. all i want to do is import my banking transactions and deal with them. i would think this would be basic functionality. i spent spent over half an hour on the phone with support and talked to 3 different reps who ll claimed to know almost nothing about the app. seriously, why do you even have it.
. really easy to use. highly recommended. would like to see payroll either included or developed separatelylinked.
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
. we use this to track our business expenses and are so pleased with the functionality of it! it just gets better with each update.
payroll unable to handle contractors. unable to pay contractors on 1099 also their supports work around took more time than outsourcing payroll. wuuuuuuut? ? i have used quicken since computers came out and it looks nice and works great for (normally) most things. cheers
will not let me access my info!!!. ever since i got new phones for my technicians ,samsung s5, i have not been able to access any of my customers, transactions, or invoices. i use qbo for my business, but have now lost all mobile capabilities. if not resolved, i will be forced to use a different accounting software. 5 stars if working properly.
. fantastic app to keep track of all my construction expenses, so much simpler being able to log expenses straight from phone.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
. its a good app but they keep raising the monthly charge by more than 25% every 10 months... i'm now paying $35month. i will be looking for a new accounting software. they say it is for new improvements to the software, however, i was fine with the way it was. don't pass that on to existing customers who have been loyally using the software. i think it is a poor excuse. unacceptable.
. great app
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
. great software. made my life much much easier!
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
. it keeps saying check back in a few hours when i attempt to look at my bank transactions. very glitchy
. this has made it so much easier to keep track of our business expenses. i have recommended qbo to all my friends who own there own business.
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
it worked good until it didn't. i can't even login it says app closed
. i like the app in general. please add inventory on your next update. it will be more useful on our comoany while using android.
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
crashes non stop on ipad. crashes non stop on ipad
great app. this app makes keeping up with everything so simple!
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
sync. why is the app taking forever to sync and most of the time says unable to sync? every week i am having to delete the app and start over for all of the files to download. refreshing within the app does nothing. with all of this said, i love the desktop version.
very good. excellent app that syncs with qbo.
. great service especially for a company on the go or starting up. would be better if it was optimized for the galaxy tab s4 . since it constantly crashes on it...
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
. this app is good and easy to use.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
very limited in function. invoice list does not even list invoice #'s. how does junk like this pass qc?
. great app friendly to use can create receipts on the spot. i am a mobile repair service and i run all my sales thru this app.
tax invoice as per india standard. dear, please give us more invoice style templates as per india stander
. not for india.. then why the hell u give option of india in menu .. if ur app is not compatible in india..
. great app.
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
. piss poor app most of time it don't work keeps saying error. very disappointed
great complement to quickbooks online. not the full program, but it makes it easy to keep up to date with expenses on the fly.
good but. it would be great if you could take a photo of a receipt instead of having to scan and save to a location on the phone
. qbo is great... however, the app sucks! the info on the home page is rarely if ever correct. paid invoices show as still do, p&l info is incorrect compared to what it shows on the website. now i can't edit downloaded transaction to add an image of my receipts. plus, it's no longer showing all of my accounts when i go to categorize a transaction. what the heck happened?!
easy. great app that is so simple to navigate, and dead easy for business novices. well designed.
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
". app for android stinks. only loads a few visible parts and if you try to update an invoice, originally entered on the desktop, it will ""zero out"" the parts not found on the app (causing invoicing discrepancies). ayou also can't upload attachments to invoices (which i use frequently in my business). until intuit can make their app consistent with the desktop version it is unusable for mobility."
such an awesome time saving app. this app saves so much time and effort for small business owners and probably business owners in general. would highly recommend.
app glitch. other than the recent app glitch all is good.
could be better. still no auto save. it’s 2018 folks, time to wake up. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments. would be nice if inventory feature wasn't additional cost
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
fix the app!!!. this app use to work great until the last update! please fix asap!
great app!. very userfriendly and convenient. great for people who are needing to create invoices and estimates and track expenses. the iphone app is fantastic!
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right.
access. this app is great. it is so nice to be out in the field looking at a project and make an estimate right then and there while things are fresh in your mind. not to mention for the quick service call we are able to make our invoice right there and present it when we are complete with the work. aloha po'okela lawn service kailua, hawaii
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
. great app! makes running my business so much easier
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
nice app. excellent app
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
nothing but glitches on my ipad. really not worth it nothing but problems one operating on ipad
. really easy app to use only missing expense scanner with auto fill like the sole trader app if it had this it would be a 5 star app
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. the app won't let me sign in. i've even reset the password and uninstalled the app and tried again, but i keep getting password error.
from xero to quickbooks. i went from sage line 50 (blinkin' expensive but brilliant if your an accountant) to xero (very good for basic invoices but no estimate facilities on the app, no good for my job) to quickbooks online. easy to use. does what i need. reliable and relatively quick.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
horrible app even if subscribing!. subscribe to the app yet they want me to pay for a new subscription, waste of money for months!
. good app
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
the option yo use qbo doea not work for ages. the option to use google maps for location misdirects you to install google maps even if it is already installed. this issue had been there since ages and they don't fix it. that's why rated bad. google maps is a must for me. apple maps suck but the app leaves you helpless with apple maps.
. this is a great app, once you figure it out. it is best to have a working knowledge of accounting, or at least how to keep and balance a checkbook. there are many features. some you won't need, but could come in handy as you grow a business. i found the app helps. if you don't forget to use it. keep your receipts. duh.
it was barely ok to start with!. i had used quickbooks for several years and then went to the online version. i liked the features it had, but really didn’t like the 600.00 a year fee. for the most part it worked, but never all of the time. then when they raised the subscription price to 720.00 a year, that was it. i said good bye and found another program. no regrets!
as others have said. don't get the point.. i guess the mint guys are in charge now? the guys that created a consumer finance app that didn't have the function to balance a checkbook?
awesome app. i was hesitant going to the monthly subscription, but it has been awesome always having access to my business account. the app looks and works just like the desktop app on my mac.
too sophisticated for just personal budgeting. i have been using quickbooks since 2006 and its predecessor before 2006. i only use it for my personal budgeting of 14 bank accts, 10 mortgages and 6 credit card transactions. sometimes i cannot figure out how to enter a transaction (transfers between accts, accepting matching transactions, credit card individual transactons versus balance payment) without creating a double entry or it cancelling out an entry. love, love, love the online version that i can access via iphone.
. won't let me unsubscribe to the app so stuck paying a monthly subscription for a service i don't use. there's better completely free apps out there.
delaware business owner. kingdom building services kingdombs.com makes my job ten times easier and gives me a professional image when billing my clients and it also gives me more time to focus on my business.
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
they discontinued this app. do not download this. they stopped the link so it no longer works. too bad because i was using this to run my business and now i'm screwed. i have to find another app quick to do my invoices with. i like razorsync for scheduling but i am not thrilled with their estimating and invoicing. if intuit had kept this up and just made some improvements it would be great!
qb mobile. this app helps me keep up with invoicing on the run. like being able to invoice immediately and email the customer with payment options
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
bugs!. so many bugs with this! i just rated it before and it’s popped up again asking me to rate. and i could go into so much more, however i’m only using this until next year. it’s shocking. i have just sent 3 invoices, the clients have received them, but they are not showing up in the app.
. nice niceeee
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
amazing. quickbooks has made my business life so much easier!!! now i can just put all my focus on the work not the billing and etc... you would be a fool not to use quickbooks jeff thiel construction
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) then hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. not working on tablet either. please fix asap. update: seems to be fixed now. thank you
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
. excellent does everything i need
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. 1. kicking out of the app very often. 2. not able to email multiple invoices at one time. 3. limited search capabilities. cant search notes and description. :(
love this app and it's capabilities. the only feature i wish it had is to be able to see bills from suppliers.
time entry. i would really use this app if time entry was part of it. that would be something i could really use on the road.
. s8 plus user. anyone else having issues with pictures getting attached to expenses? getting a error message when trying to save? i've been trying to get it resolved with intuit and no one can help. this is unacceptable.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
use it to view only. very handy to look at information. do not use it to enter information.
superb. the app on the iphone is great. works perfectly and great for quick invoicing. the ipad app is even better as provides much more in depth information. even better both apps work seamlessly with each other. don't know what i would do without this app.
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
. banking information is typically two days old. honestly it's a pointless app without an option to update banking information. i don't understand why this is not possible on androids. i was able to retrieve updated banking information on my iphone. banking data on the android app is up to 2 full days old. this means a trip back to the office for certain financial decisions and renders reports useless. it's a financial system. banking is a fairly important component of a business' finances!
. very useful and easy to use on the go. price friendly too
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
cannot log in. garbage. terrible customer service!
great helpful app. i use sever times a week when on the go
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. 1. kicking out of the app very often. 2. not able to email multiple invoices at one time. 3. limited search capabilities. cant search notes and description. :(
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
. they billed my account even though i ended my subscription and was told i would not be billed!!! 😡😠
makes life easier!!. quickbooks online, the app, and gopayment have all made my life so much easier. i can now track things in the go and accept payments right on my phone. it works seamlessly!
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
. i use to love quickbooks but now it's not working anymore. please fix immediately because my whole business is run on this app... are you gonna fix this?
quickbooks review. i'm just getting started and i'm definitely not a detail oriented person. quickbooks (so far) has made it very easy to input and the ability to link accounts makes it very simple.
. difficult to navigate. starts with fairly useless information that cannot be sorted. does not sync for days on end, so it isn't current. cannot view statements or email one from the field. edit: it is getting easier to navigate and shows more useful information.
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
. great program for keeping track of your expenses and income.
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
app not working on my phone. app is currently not even loading before it crashes. nextbit robin on marshmallow 6.0.1. sent error report weeks ago and nothing yet...
works pretty good. latest update works pretty good. still do 90% of work on desktop but it had been useful to have access when i need it
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
. worst app don't share your documents any where
really useful app.. but it would really be so useful if you could print sales receipts directly or even indirectly export as pdf to print on the go via a bluetooth receipt printer.
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
if it wasn’t broken, it would be much better.. when i launch this app on any of my devices, i get an error in the app that says “unable to get all of your quickbooks data pull down to refresh your page.”
. great app for invoicing and tracking expenses
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app. please add bills to the mobile apps.
. would give 5 if... i could view an invoice after it has been paid. the information is incomplete
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
. it makes life so much easier and its eady to learn and gain knowledge and experience
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
". sucks!!! i've tried 8 times to sign up for the free trial & an ""error"" always pops out... :p"
love this app!!!!!. thank you this app is amazing!
awesome. that's what i said in 2012. the app keeps getting better, now it's very soon to be 2017, and still the same review.. good app.
. terrible app. really let's you down. i've toyed to log in numerous times only to be told my session has expired.
so far i love it. i was apprehensive at first. my son insisted i try it. he was right; it's actually easier on my phone than my pc.
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
. might need to buy an apple phone again this android version is useless.
luv it!. have been using quickbooks for many many years. have loved it from the beginning. i am now enjoying the online version even more. has been a wonderful addition for me and all of my clients. has made travel so much easier for my clients to still be able to keep tabs on their businesses. strongly recommend!
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
. errors on free trail. can generate a invoice or put the company name on. i try my phone, tablet and laptop. keep on saying the same thing. error on tax .........
. great app for mobile business
. found a better app for my needs
. garbage. been with qbo for 4 years. app is impossible to use now more than ever
great app. been using for over a year now for keeping track of time for my construction business. works great
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
. i have tried to download app on my ph using play store but after 5 attempts still can't download very frustrating as i need to use this away from home.
saves me 250month on payroll.. i can now run my corporation from my tablet, without an accountant. invoice on job site while on the clock instead of for free at home away from kids. also it’s 250 bucks a month cheaper for qb to do my payroll compared to my accountant to do quarterly sales tax reporting and weekly payroll for 1 5 employees...
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
no multi currency = useless. i enabled multicurrency on my quickbooks account, which you can not revert once applied. and now i find that when i log into the app, it won’t show transactions or customers that use anything other than my base currency. useless. utterly useless.
awesome!!. i was a total accounting newbie. firstly qbo is awesome and then this app is awesome. so convenient. best way to manage your small business finances when coupled with qbo.
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) the hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. please fix.
. great app, simple to use, alot of resources.
expenses. how can i add a credited amount in expenses? in the qb online mobile apps??
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
easy. i have found this app very easy to use. being able to tap into your invoicing system when out on a job. it enables me to issue an invoice same moment the job is finished and emailed to my customer stood in front of me, that way my customer has a paperless invoice and can pay you right away. saves time!
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
". what app is it .. ""unable to sign up"" over and over again,"
freedom. great piece of software as i'm able to invoice customers right from a tablet and be on my way!! well done!
great app!. i'm in love with this app, too bad that the proadvisor app doesn't work as sharp (doesn't work at all).
"buggy, rough, glitchy. frequently disconnectswon't sync to my companies data. frequently ""has trouble emailing this form"" when i try to send clients invoices. frequently is unable to save invoices. using 4g lte network and wifi with same results. says i'm offline when connected to wifi and network. only way to solve problems is seemingly to uninstall and reinstall app. update: now app frequently won't create pdf's that i can then print out. absolutely horrible for mobile business convenience."
great app. i personally find the app easier then the desktop version. everything is quick and easy to do. raise an invoice or estimate instantly and see your bank account balance. great.
incomplete. well laid out and functional. without banking though it's not as useful as i'd like.
. very slow on mobile
. love the software, the app is very functional and easy to use.
great app. use it while in the field working on my samsung galaxy tab pro 10.1 don't even need to break out the laptop!!
ios 13 crash. an awful app that is made even less useful in ios13 because it just crashes straight after running.
great app for the ipad. great app for the ipad and small buisness
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
. bad app does not sign in after sign up
easy to learn and use. everywhere access, integrated bank and credit card transactions. easy to create transactions on the road.
. it's an ok app, tends to crash here and there.
disapponted. thus app us completely worthless to me without the register.
. this app is honestly magnificent. it helps me balance my checkbook. helps me track expenses and send invoices. it's honestly a must.
nice app! but needs improvement.. please add a delayed charges option. i need to be able to add charges in the field from my mobile device. the app works well on my gs5
. i want & need a 5 star but i cannot get any kind of help with my issue , which is i cannot get my invoices to go out via gmail. help!
great app. i love this app
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
. app is so slow and doesn't have the functionality of the full web version making it pretty useless
. great app.
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
. app stopped syncing transactions, useless!
excellent mobile app. hopefully they will integrate a few more features soon to make it complete.
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
great app  shame about the price. used this for almost 2 years now but need to find an alternative following a 70% price increase. it’s a shame, and it’s causing hassle for me in setting up my records with another accounting app but the only way we can object to such massive price changes is to cancel and leave.
amazing!. this app undoubtedly helps running multiple businesses on the road possible! when i finally switched my businesses from desktop to online there were a few things missing. i wrote a few complaints and spoke with their development team...few short months later...boom! additions were made! one if which is being able to switch businesses within the app. definitely much easier than logging in and out all the time.
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
. complete waste of time app doesn't sync with the online version. the advice given by the help to delete browser history and cache doesn't work either. unreinstalling the app doesn't work.. in the long run you will end up wasting too much time on this program. be warned !! ###edit i've cleared cache, deleted app data it it still doesn't sync.. in particular it's the supplier list and transactions that are all missing
. makes life easier
scope for lots of improvement. given that this app has been out for many years, it seems like it has been neglected. the interface shows it. for example, if we touch a vendor, only the address shows up and nothing else. ideally, all details related to the vendor have to be displayed  po, bills and payments. many such improvements can be done.
. i have seen personal budgeting apps that have better user experience than this. here just some of the glaring issues:  it forces you to relogin alot, and it does not support google signin, which means you have to retype a complex password every single time  you could use pin login from settings, but it is useless..  it forces pin code reentry everytime you use the camera or switch to another app.
. great app...has issues every now and again but easily fixed with tech support!
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
kiss. keep it simple stupid as they say, this app is brilliant, simple, easy to use a great for a small business that just wants everything in one app at their fingertips. well done team.
found a problem. when creating an invoice adding parts even if you search when you go back to it to add another part it’s still in that same form from before and if you cancel nothing happens you would have to search for whatever else you want by name, you can’t just scroll please fix
tricked. had to provide all my email and phone information before being told it was a free trial, felt tricked, if you want to save money doing your books you don't want to pay for an app to help you, just learn to do it yourself for free
. very effective app fkr my business, just starting to link in with using receipt bank to auto match the bills. happy recommend for small business, would ve nice to have mileage part of the self employed version included too.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
. this app sucks. it has stopped working and often displays incorrect information. it's super annoying. only the desktop works.
great. i’m loving this app
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
. does not work well with android. the keyboard covers the buttons which kept me stuck when creating an invoice. invoices cannot be sorted by invoice numbers. why?!
simple and easy. simple and easier to use than the desktop version and everything is accessible anywhere you go.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
. awful. go through the web browser instead. the app doesn't connect frequently, saying the program is offline, but i can connect through the browser with no problems.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
missing functionality. reliable app but authentication is too slow. also some features aren't available. i sometimes just use the web app through the browser to access those features.
. accurate app
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
. this app works sometimes and then not at all. i log in and there is no icons to search customers or anything at all. please help!
quickbooks app. it has all the tools i need and is very convenient
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
sucks. half ass 30 day trial. sucks. put ads in the app and make it free. morons
great app!. a must for a small business owner!
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
downloads. automatic downloads have been taken away, you now have to go through the print page to save as pdf, then name the file and save from there. where as it used to automatically save and download with its own name. this app is getting worse.
great app. love that i can get estimates approved right on my phone!
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
. terrible. my bank account will not sync and support refuse to contact me. no transactions show up other than the ones that appeared the first time i downloaded this app. definitely not worth paying for the full version.
awesome!. it has helped me to collect unpaid invoices more efficiently and i've collected more money because unpaid invoices are not forgotten about until they have been paid.
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
app does not support multicurrency. it’s 2018. apps have been around for quite a while now. if your qbo account has multiple currencies enabled, you can’t use this app for banking. seriously, wtf?
mobility at its best!. is like having your business at the palm of your hands! just sent out a $40k invoice while on a cruise ship in mexico. also love the storeforward function. no need to be connected, once you get connected it will be sent out. great app!
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
. piss poor app most of time it don't work keeps saying error. very disappointed
getting very good but needs a few more tweaks to be brilliant. you guys need to add the ability to take pictures of receipts etc and upload them to store in qb. also multiple currencies.
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
great job. great app! great for my graphic design business!
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
needs improvement. very few items can be done via app. you can look up balances. needs more work.
. ok. new version is better, but still lacks supplier feature. good for easy transaction...have to use web for more complicated stuff. good app! no complaints other that it obviously ment for the simpler side of the accounting management equation. good design, have high hopes for more features in the future.
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
issue. man it tells me it’s not supported even tho it updates keep saying the same message
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
. very poorly designed app. with alot of limitations for a mobile device. i would strongly recommend finding another service.
great app. makes life easy. one addition will make it perfect. add journal entry to the app.
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
easy to use.. does what i need it to do. helps me record my sales and expenses without a pc.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
customer service & support sucks. go with freshbooks instead.
love it. i'm no doing anything super sophisticated but i love the app. easy to use to keep invoices and expenses current on the go!
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
love it!. i love quickbooks online and i love this app!
. if i can navigate this app, anyone can! super easy and really professional. i'm loving it! i love the different reports as well. thank you!
. takes way to long to update between quick books online.
useful. i don't use it often, but when i do its a lifesaver.
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
limited in ipad. will not allow the entering of purchases on account from suppliers when using the ipad app. seems to be more cash based, unlike the version you log on with you pc or imac.
love it. its easy and simple to use
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
needs lots of work. very hard to use app. many options are hidden or unavailable so you are stuck and wind up doing the work through a browser instead
best app i use. i have been using this app for about 30 days now and it dose everything i need it to do on the go. the only thing i would add is the ability to make a deposit in quickbooks via the app. if you use quickbooks you should have this app
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
frank. this app is amazing. it is exactly what i needed to start my business. it makes it quick and easy to do your estimates, invoices, and keep track of all your accounting needs.
accounts. simple is the new smart
no gst only take !!!!!. why is this an option the the web based but not the app. makes the app useless!!!!!!!!!
very handy accounting app. this app is very useful to always have a snapshot of your business at your fingertips.
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
horrible. do not waste your time or money. after a while they hold your money and cause a ton of financial difficulties for companies who rely on getting paid. there customer service is bs..........do not use
makes my life easier. there are a few things that i am still getting used to, but overall love it. i have used the desktop version of quickbooks for five years. this allows more mobility with my phone and tablet. i have already recommended it to a friend. looking forward to learning more!
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
. awesome app makes life simple for small businesses
problem. please update the quick book we are not able use from india..
no multiple account support?. would like to give it a better rating but without multiple account functionality it's value for me is limited. otherwise good functionality.
great app. it sure is nice to be able to do things anytime anywhere.
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
excellent tool. ive been using it for almost a year and its easy to use and simple to understand.
crashing after ios13 update!. app is crashing after face id log in on xs max ios13
crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.. crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.
. on the go always..this app helps me stay on the go!!
great app. use it while in the field working on my samsung galaxy tab pro 10.1 don't even need to break out the laptop!!
small business owner. absolutely awful. i was forced to switch to online because of a fatal error of the desktop version on mac seirra. there are so many bugs and things that aren't available on online that were on the desktop. i literally call support for 2hrs a day.
great product  but ..... great product, easy to use. the only thing missing for me in the basic version is recurring transactions. can’t justify an extra $10pm just for that
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
. it keeps logging out of my bank, and also deleted a lot of what i logged from last year.. now i dont have the correct information that i need... not very happy with this quickbooks app...
great app. love having access to most of the same functionality as my laptop
. interface not good compared to the ios version.
. issue with app was directed in app to call quickbooks online customer service. no solution after being on the phone for 2 hours, they ended up calling android and at&t to try and fix the issue, which made absolutely no sense to me and got us nowhere. customer service has no clue about anything app related including when the password reset does not send verification code. i ended up having a different company to resolve the issue for me. below instructions solved nothing.
easy to use, innovative and mobile friendly. we have been using qb at australiance.com for almost a year and i would not go back to my previous accounting software. the interface with paypal works well and save heaps of time for our online sales. it s easy to create expenses (e.g. business lunches etc), quotes or invoices on the go with the app + always know your bank account position as it interfaces directly with it.
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus! i only wish this app would allow me to process ach and credit card payments on the fly!
a couple requests. could you make the search able to search by words in the invoice. i do automotive repair. like if i typed in starter it would show all invoices with that in it
. customer service is absolutely horrible. signed up yesterday online. found out customizing invoices function has been broken for 3 months. call this morning to cancel subscription and get a refund. they're answer basically was we've got your money we're not going to refund it. you have been warned stay away from quickbooks
quick booksamazing app..!. please mail to this id anuhari036@gmail.com excellent app to work...it's really very useful to me...can you please tell how to invoice? thank you quick books for this amazing app!! it's really very helpful..!
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
crashes since update. i've tried to create a twoline invoice repeatedly since the update, and it crashes every time. will update review when it works.
. great app but wish it had access to customer notes and the ability to send a po to vendor
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
. ease of use with lots of support
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
not working on ios 13 :(. it crashes right after opening. i tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but have had no luck...
i is a app every body need .. back ground check one of my friend die yesterday ok lady's meet men online.
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
awesome app... its amazing app and each update is awesome. but it's not as near the desktop in terms of functionality. overall, if you use quickbooks then its a must have..
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
. keeps crashing when entering receipts. it's infuriating. updated review 6 months later still crashes when splitting an expense. tried deleting the cache. it's useless.
. decient mobile program to use, prefer the desktop version though
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
we are in love with qbo. hated accounting thru qb before but this year's online version plus the android app made us change our mind ... now we absolutely love it and we can't thank the intuit team enough for creating such friendly qb online version for business. much appreciated, lanareale.com
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
buggy. try to submit feedback and can’t within the app. they removed the quantity column from invoices and their support is dismissive. this is a big company who price gouges and doesn’t really care about it’s customers.
. great app for my small buisness. quickbooks is always improving. best customer service when you have questions.
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
. when it works, its great. don't count on it when the internet is even remotely slow. i had to resort to another sales app to complete sales. lost sales and it cost me more money to use the other sales app.
transformed the way i do business. quickbooks online combined with the quickbooks app have changed the way i do business. i don't have everything figured out but that is on me to get sorted out. very flexible and stable.
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
sync. why is the app taking forever to sync and most of the time says unable to sync? every week i am having to delete the app and start over for all of the files to download. refreshing within the app does nothing. with all of this said, i love the desktop version.
great app for business.. a ++ must have app
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
. app never up to date with website or it does not show you everything you can see online. sometimes you can't even see anyone's invoices or estimates. always an issue.
4 out of 5. great app! the only feature i wish was on here was the ability to write purchase orders and revise them, as it’s not available on the mobile app. other than that, it’s great!
quickbooks. quickbooks on my cell phone keeps me in touch with our office 247. once data is entered by our staff it is immediately updated to my cell phone as well as other devices. for the times our staff had a question regarding entries, the help line for quickbooks was always answered by a person who took a personal interest in our problems and they always found a solution. dorothy apartment rentals
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
. easy to use when on the go. ability to take pictures if receipts makes keeping up to date on expense reconciliation a snap!
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk please tell me who to email in response qb
does everything i need.. if i could see my outstanding bills on the dashboard, i would say it was perfect. but even though qb have chosen not to include this requested feature, i am still happy to recommend.
nice app! but needs improvement.. please add a delayed charges option. i need to be able to add charges in the field from my mobile device. the app works well on my gs5
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
love it, i use it everyday for my business. qbo has helped my business grow buy looking professional, keeping up with invoices, and giving easy ways for the customer to pay.
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
. problem opening app worked yesterday, and won't let me open app today
. nice...love this app a million times. please download.. very useful and helpful
. it's real basic. if you want to keep track of your balances, create estimates and receive payments, then it's fine.
. unable to see inventory creation in mobile app gear symbol is not there in downliaded app
love it!. i was a longtime desktop user. i love never having to upgrade and being able to sign in anywhere!
so easy to use!. such an easy app to use, these guys have simplified bookkeeping down from something i wouldn't dare touch, to being able to raise invoices from my phone and connect my bank accounts, no hassles at all.
i can't run a business with quick books. the format is different on my ipad that it is on my iphone. i don't have the ability to do half the stuff i can do from my computer, which is a huge inconvenience when i'm in the field. i wouldn't recommend quickbooks or the apps to anybody.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
great app... needs some work.. there’s no way to record a sale without attaching a customer to it. also, there’s really not a place in the app to keep a ledger. if it had these 2 things, it would get 5 stars from me, but as it stands i give it 4.
not able to login. never download this app. i have reported this error many times to the quickbooks support team. till this date they haven't even just looked into this issue.
. pretty easy to use, makes things simple 👍
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
no date field in invoice line items?. i have asked many times and still haven't seen a date field in the invoice line items. you have it on the online version but can't access it from these applications so these applications are basically freaking worthless to me!
. good app, has some minor flaws but does work in a pinch when your out on the road and need to do a quick invoice
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
simple things just don’t work in this app.. now i can’t copy my password from my password safe into the quickbooks login. this means i will have to use a simple easy to use and less secure password. also, there is no way to enter check numbers into the bank transactions. this works fine on a mac and online but not in the ipad app. these simple problems make the ipad app almost useless.
at your fingertips. it's nice to be able to send invoices and check your books anywhere you are. haven't had any issues.
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
good but too many bug with ios. after the good first impression, using daily is little bit frustrating. example: problems with input dates and items. sometime the calendar doesn't open etc.
quick books app. this app is really good, can do nearly everything i need from the phone.
. halimuzzaman syed. islami bank ltd bangladesh.
. app is so slow and doesn't have the functionality of the full web version making it pretty useless
wow! loving the switch!. it's more than i had ever expected. using square or other solutions or good old fashion checks in the mail are nothing compared to how seamless qbo has made my life. that mac app, ipad app, iphone app and even the apple watch app give me the pulse on our company that i've needed for so long. can't wait to grow into more solutions with qbo!
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
ads and limited features. it’s a hassle to figure out how to say no to the ads without accidentally buying something. that applies to ipad and web version. the ipad has limited features compared to the web version. if you pay for qb online, you will forever be a small business, working for intuit.
mr. great app. i use it all the time on my phone and tablet.it works seamlessly with qbo. invoicing, receipts, checking my account, giving it to my bookeeper all easy and on the go. i couldn't do without it now.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
quick books. awsome app. helps when your always on the go.
. great but i would like to be able to customise the quote and invoice templates and a bit disappointed that the mileage tracking is not part of this its a different app with it's own cost otherwise great
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
. nice app
update to the update.. they fixed the update. i updated my rating.
need ipad update. the ipad app should be as capable as the desktop version. when are we going to see this? iphone app is pretty stout but the ipad app needs update and soon.
. workz great....but shud have more options in the android app, wud be really nice to see inventory levels right on a phone app. 5 stars when it does.
. usefull and effective. it needs improvement in its mobile features. creating delivery challan and entering gst details while adding new customers isn't available currently. hope to see this feature soon in the app
crashes all the time and there’s no way to ask for help.. this app crashes every time i update my iphone, even when i update the app. don’t even bother trying to contact qb about it, they’ll tell you to uninstall and reinstall (like you don’t know) and then that’s about the extent of their support.
. easy to navigate! great app!
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
this app does not function properly on ios13. i cannot view any customer files. i can search for them, but the app will not let me click on a customer to edit invoices.
excellent for the it service provider. as an it service provider, this app allows me to log my hours and mileage in the field. i can even email customer invoices immediately after services are performed. this is, of course, paired with quickbooks online plus, which allows you to log hours per customer. highly recommended!!
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
crashing. app keeps crashing every time i click on it!
couldn't perform like we do without. great app!!!! highly recommended. tracks and categories everything with moderate input from you. great on tax day!
. perfect to make invoices on the road however missing important functions like sending customer 'statements.
subscription error can't download app now. stuck... help!
. great app!!
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. am trying to login, wont let me, technical problems. i have all my expenses in there...
all around, it's a great product!. i just wish it had a better breakdown of hours billed or units soldcost per unit on the invoices. maybe it's there in the settings to do this, i just haven't figured out how to do it yet. otherwise i love it.
. this app really needs the ability to add delayed charge. how else is a user supposed to log billable time spent in the field?
help. the android app is very very slow it takes a long time to change a estimate to a invoice i have emailed support several times about the issue with no reply please speed it up.
great app  not all features. great app. need to be able to cut purchase orders while on the road . . . not there yet.
. after i finish a job i get my invoice right out to my clients, it starts that (30day net) clock ticking.
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
works great. i just started using this for a small business and while i'm still figuring out a few of the functions for accounting, it's quite intuitive overall. it's a very useful piece of software.
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
junk. won't sign in crashes in sign in screen
good app so far. good stuff
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
app keeps crashing. please fix your app... i pay a lot of money a month for your service and this app is terrible. for the most part i have to log into the online service to do any work. please fix your app
. i use this app for my pest control business. it has some ups and downs but overall it's easy to use and a great product at a great price.
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
". i scanned several receipts and submitted them through the app. they were confirmed by the app as ""added"". half of them are now missing with no explanation of where they went. those receipts were already disposed of. completely unacceptable."
very good. does just what i need.
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
keeps locking up. the app keeps telling me i need to update to the latest version, but i already have it. it won't let me log on. frustrating. please fix or revert back to previous version until glitches are fixed.
user friendly!. makes my life so much easier. i'm able to create and send off the things i need while with a client in the field.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality  i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
. so far, it has been amazing at getting me out of a pinch when i don't have my computer handy. it was an amazing scope and i can do basically everything from my mobile. perfect. easy to get around and figure out. looking forward to exploring it more.
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
nice tool. i like this tool a lot but it could use more links. you need to add the ability to add to the time sheet service. i upgraded to use that on all my business phones on the field and low and behold support lied to me and said it was possible. so i upgraded and guess what it's not in the app.
. i do a lot of running and this app helps when you have no time to sit down.
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
getting better. i can't live without this app. is not perfect but getting better. thank you for the improvements.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
mobile app. you cannot check your inventory or edit invoices from the mobile app.
excellent. very useful and easy for my business in all its developments.
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
pants app! does not refresh, to many glitches!. poor show on the app! creates more work for me then needed, stick to logging in online. far easier than trying to refresh the app manually, i'll get grey before i can do any accounting with this app!!
. very easy and useful
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
. just unistalled and reinstalled the app hopefully it is going to work. after doing over 70 invoices it stopped working dashboard showed blank 😕
. love the app. as a quickbooks proadvisor the app help me keep up with clients while on the go..
. pos app!
easily the worst app on ios. this is the single worst and buggiest app on the app store. it is buggy, gives random permissions errors, and generally fails to get the job done.
. love it. customer service is fabulous. it just keeps improving!
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol.
loving it. since the most recent update, i am loving this app!
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app.
easy. i'm now able to send bids to potential clients easily.
. need access to qb timesheets. not integrated and really need to be for employees on the move.
great app for small business. simple easy to set up and use on the road.
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
user friendly. works great!. great app for running a small business. easy to use for estimates, invoicing, accounts receivable, etc. can't wait to integrate it with our payroll to make billing for labor even easier. highly recommend.
nice tool. i like this tool a lot but it could use more links. you need to add the ability to add to the time sheet service. i upgraded to use that on all my business phones on the field and low and behold support lied to me and said it was possible. so i upgraded and guess what it's not in the app.
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
. tried twice now to add my bank account and no luck, keeps saying i'm logged in on another device but i'm not. been into online support twice now and they can't fix it so the app is pointless to me
it works most of the time. it’s useful to have the app but more often i go to the browser site as you can do more on it. the app is good if you just want to record a quick expense and take a photo of the receipt to attach. quickbooks itself is a good accounting package, it’s just the app needs a bit more functionality.
no good color and texture of sreen. it hard to seen no c olor in photos
. i've downloaded this app, uninstalled it, and reinstalled it and it will not allow me to create an account. it continually signs me out and i have to reenter all my information. i'm giving up!
wonderful app. this is a great way to keep books. thank you.
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
very handy.. great app for when i'm away from my pc and need to sort invoice or sort my accounts.
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
great app. saved me hours of paperwork, great app 👍
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
. i had to stop in the middle of resending an invoice, after i cant seem to find email resend edit option??:((( have to reenter all like new order, waste of time!!! does it accept international bankwire?
very user friendly!. quick books makes life simple!
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
. awful, just awful. will log me in then never actually connects to my qb account. utter crap. make a product that works before advertising it on tv.
changed the way we do business. i love this app. we needed something that we could easily use in the field. we can create estimates, invoices, receive payments and even attach check images to those payments. our productivity has skyrocketed. quickbooks has figured out the mobile accounting software. customers for life.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
comprehensive. your accountant in your hand. seriously.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
good app with room for improvement. the features they have work well, but many of the features on the website are not included. it has many of the customer options, but not much else. if they ever make this a fully functional app, i'll give it 5 stars.
. awesome app for my business
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. kindly update your android apps. very unproductive to use. will be migrating out. useless for people on the go. slow data sync. when not working, still need use a laptop.
topbooks. superb software, tried the rest and settled for the best. highly recommended.
. je ne sais pas je connais pas encor
. can't down load the app
quick overlook. i've been using desktop and online versions of quickbooks for decades. this online app is a great addition. it allows me to quickly update our bank accounts and keep on top of things while traveling.
truly mobile accounting apps. i have tried for a few days and it give me an impression that i can finish all my accounting without going back to desktop. it use the camera of phone wisely.
. it works only ok. if there was a better 3rd party app, i'd use it. most of the time i'm frustrated using this app. either buttons don't work, attachments don't save, or some other random instability. i want to do more with the app and i want it to work every time. the design is questionable too. why are things labled differently than in the full version?
hope this can be added. would love to be able to put payments to employees on the mobile app which we do often
better if had a progress invoice option.. almost complete, but not perfect. still missing progress invoices feature. i’m using 2 apps because i need that.
new update horrible. it's always been glitch but since the new update i can't add products to the estimate and customer service is clue less in how to resolve the issue.
valuable tool to have in the field. i installed the app, imported company files from my desktop and boom i was doing estimates and invoices in the field.
. pos app!
keeps locking up. the app keeps telling me i need to update to the latest version, but i already have it. it won't let me log on. frustrating. please fix or revert back to previous version until glitches are fixed.
. great app
app doesn’t recognize credentials. this app worked well for me until the most recent update. now i cant login, says can’t find the account with this emailpassword. this is very annoying since i travel frequently without a laptop. now i’ve lost the ability to access my accounts via the app.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
. great app easy to navigate
a couple requests. could you make the search able to search by words in the invoice. i do automotive repair. like if i typed in starter it would show all invoices with that in it
garbage. app stinks
qb has revolutionized business accounting. i have been using qb online since 2011 and can honestly say that it has delivered an exceptionally easy and effortless business accounting solution. one touch payroll and the ease of ap and ar management is awesome. i do all the accounting for my startup and i rely on qb to make it all possible. qb is continuously improving both the desktop and mobile apps to make my life easier. thanks doyle heisler founder wanamaker corp
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
. i can't use this app at all because it will not sync to my bank. not the app or any of the services offered. i'm trying to cancel all of my subscriptions and services and it seems impossible to do. directions for canceling do not work. i have yet to see any cancellation choices in any drop down menus. i'm paying for services that i can not use and unable to cancel which is a scam.
great for mobile small business !. we couldn't live without our quickbooks online mobile app! look up information and match bank transactions right away. would like to see more functionality for customer and vendor invoicing and billing options as well as filtering but overall a great, easy to use tool.
expenses. how do add an expense thats on a 30 or 60 day account?
stupid app. and never works right nightmare to login
fantastic. i love this app! it's very useful
. contractor version of the app
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
user friendly. quickbooks has saved me so much time and stress! i have a small business and tried excel and failed miserably. but when i switched to quickbooks it took me no time to figure out it could do everything i needed and more! also the customer service is wonderful, anytime i have called for help because i'm terrible at technology they walk me through step by step without making me feel stupid. i'm so happy i switched to quickbooks!!!
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
mr. the problem with quick books on line is that you can't choose what account a payment is credited to when using an ipad or iphone. it automatically placed it in to an undeposited account and then you have to log on to quick books using a pc and transfer it over to the desired account. for example current account. basically you do the work twice and defeats the option of doing accounts on the go.
convenient. as a consultant who spends most of my time out of the office this comes in handy for invoicing on the run. would be good if it was possible to add billable hours for a customer without creating an invoice (i invoice on a fortnightly basis so have to create an invoice and edit it daily then change the date of the invoice when it is finally issued). customisation of the widget would also be welcome.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
. takes ages to load then crashes to a black screen. i have had the app for 3 months or so and only ever got it working for a few moments once. as it is so unreliable i could not trust it as an app to rely on, for example to use in front of a customer in their home, therefore i cannot recommend this app. i run a ltd company and we use qb as our accounting software.
beautiful, so simple.. really great app.
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
no invoices. not very useful.
amazing!. so useful for keeping our businesses books current!
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
lots of errors.. there are a lot of bugs with qbo, and my accountants have noted errors in the reports. apparently qb is aware but haven't resolved the issues. we have also had numerous glitches in the program  including not being able to log into our account (only being able to log into my accountant's page). this issue has been ongoing for over 18 months without resolution. overall qbo has great potential if it only worked properly.
latest update rocks. now you get your bank feeds in the app, so you can easily process your incoming payments and expenses. the only thing missing is the ability to attach a file during that process. hope it's something that will be included in a future update.
great but needs some updates. just recently i am unable to log in to my company. i can get on to my online account, but not on the app?? says my email and password isn’t found?
zero stars 10.3 is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
. great experience
i looking. hai friends my name is navas abdulla i'm looking some software live sales report ..in store sales promotions company ..any one can to suggest any live sales, report software for sales promoters www.qmpromotions.com it's my website qmpromotions@gmail.com
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have littleno confidence in the product.
thumbs up for the business help!!!. take the time to go through the orioles and this is an amazing app to help with any small business!!!
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
needs more functionality. time tracking capabilities are missing which make this unusable for me, forcing me to use the online version which defeats the purpose of this app. it doesn't really make sense to release an ios version that can only do a portion of the tasks.
easy to use!. this app gives me the leverage i need to stay organized.
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
worst update yet. just deleted. crashed. didn’t update banking. five star to one in a flash.
. useful on the move financial management.
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
cannot log in. garbage. terrible customer service!
tremendous time saver. i rarely login to quickbooks online any more and have never looked back from switching from the full desktop version. the mobile app is a tremendous time saver and allows be to better server my clients.
. you have to pay and i am looking for a free app to do my stuff
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
. fast and easy way for billing. i don't know what i was doing with out this app.
consider other programs.... purchased quickbooks for the fact it is easy to photograph receipts and upload, which worked for about 2 weeks and now always comes up with a error.... tried reinstalling etc, still doesn’t work. useless.
. have had an issue with sending invoices through my app for the last 3 days. even after several calls and emails no one can tell me when this will be rectified. poor support and unorganized for such a large company.
. perfect app for a small business
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
". takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo. unable to sync with my data through app, after 3 days of ""engineers working on it"" (or are they off on the weekend even though your problem started onba friday?)"
the speedy man, owner. i run my business on quickbook online for a year, and i never had any issues. i suggest, to new subscribers, getting familiar with the desktop version and having a basic accounting background , we can perform a ton of tasks on it. afterwards, we can start using the mobile app.
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
easy to use. maybe better than the desktop app...
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
new update fail to open. just updated and app will not open
. qbo a great experience, seamless on mobile and desktop. highly recommend!
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
. amazing app, i literally use it everyday. you need this app if you have your own business.
a handy little companion but it wont replace the website. a number of features from the web portal are missing such as matching bank transactions but its ok to use simply to check your chart of accounts and to record expenses.
needs more functionality. time tracking capabilities are missing which make this unusable for me, forcing me to use the online version which defeats the purpose of this app. it doesn't really make sense to release an ios version that can only do a portion of the tasks.
great app!. this app makes using accounting software extremely easy and convenient! so easy to go from phone, tablet, and pc.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
not free. this is a free trial, and that is what it should say. now it is going to take me 2 hours to get it removed off all of my devices! annoyed!
. awesome. very easy to navigate. amazing to be able to do all this from my phone.
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
. since the most recent update i cannot see my dashboard or add expenses to my company. fix it. done all diagnostic steps so this update is invalid. galaxy s10+ here
amazing for bussiness. this app is the best thing a small bussiness owner can have two thumbs up and five stars
very handy  will stop the boss bugging me!. good app for the boss to have. super easy to check on customers invoices overdue etc. would like to see timesheet daily activity integration please  perhaps with a contollable daily multiple nag me to enter times feature? with timesheet integration i could roll this out to other staff :) cheers!
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
nice on the go. great way to keep up with business on the go. makes it nice and easy to get information for decision making while away. simple to use
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
. slow, buggy, and unresponsive. tried changing the time horizon for a p&l report; nothing happened. that's just one example of many of how wonky this app is. intuit developers should be ashamed of this turkey.
. having a business that is mobile and takes cash payments this app is brilliant. can't find a way to automatically assign mileage to each sales receipt... that would be invaluable!
. hi, is there any option for download ar sheet inexcel on mobile app. kindly let us know.
doesnt seem to work on lg g4. cant even log in to the app.raised it with quickbooks support over a month and we still cant seem to get it working
love the convenience. great app
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
"soooo slow. i have been using this app for about three years , and it was very functional and useful, but now, almost every time i open it, it says ""downloading data,"" and stays there... for 35 minutes doesnt matter whether my phone is on wifi or cell coverage. i hope they fix this bug."
. very happy using this app
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
very disappointed. moving to a different invoicing product.
making our life much easier. this has made running 2 small companies so much easier. the product was recommended by our accountant and has made our accounting faster, simpler and hassle free. highly recommended.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. sucks keeps saying i have update available but then everytime i try to download the upgrade i get error code 927 saying unable to complete download. with current app it doesn't allow me to look up past invoices. the things i use most are not on mobile app. all i do with it is print current invoices with my wireless eprinter and find customer contact numbers to call them. needs upgrading with more features.
it just works. see above. in the office, on the site. wherever. i have used a broad range of applications over the last 20 years in business and quickbooks is the simplest, functional piece of software for our consultancy business i have found. happy to recommend it to other small business owners who want to spend time in their profession and and not on the books.
quickbooks online. 80% of business can be done from smartphone including invoicing and expenses.
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
. not enough to complain! what app let's you try it for free and actually works every time. i can't wait to buy it for all the years to come and use it more than i already do
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
. why does it keep saying that there is technical difficulties in using the app? even before prior update, it had this issue. no issue with the ios app though
proadvisor. love using this to service so many clients at once. truly has made my life so much easier being able to work when ever i am needed!
. you don't need to understand double dutch accounting to use it.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
great app!. our company switched from quickbooks desktop to the online version which came with the option to download the app. we now use the app more than online. we handle estimates, invoices, payments, banking and more directly in the app and on the go. the app has a simple and clean look making it easy to navigate. to date we haven't had any issues with it. we are excited to finally be able to get things done in less time!
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
sign in issue. great app, except the need to confirm with text or email every time upon sign in!! would have rated higher with out this issue. very frustrating
brilliant on note 4.. just updating my review... still awesome. ;) widget is particularly time saving. widget image needs to be higher resolution so it's a little clearer on my big screen though.
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
this mobile version sucks. you can't do all the things you need to make the forms as you can on your computer. and if you have the old online version on your computer do not update to the new version you'll likely wish you hadn't.
great app!!. accounting made easy, great interface and easy to use. highly recommended.
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
just awful!!!. is this seriously how you're going to roll out your app by pissing off customers. can't even sign in half the time due to 'connection errors'. your company is an ultra fail.
very convenient and usable. great app that connects me too my work platform everywhere i go!!
please update. please update so it wont crash with ios9
need to be able to add bills and accept transactions’s that should match to bills. i think the title says it all. qbo is amazing such a great product but the app needs more functionality. mainly the bills, i need to add a bill from my phone and then be able to match multiple bills as one payment to relevant bills on payment. so frustrating having to find a computer to do this.
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
expensebill data missing in app. expense and bill data is not available in the iphone app while accessible online. what is the meaning of the app when i can't see any of my vendor bills or company expenses. development team???
waste of space. all we want to do is access quick books online via our ipads. this app is worthless. as my business continues to grow we will obviously be looking for a software provider that listens to clients instead of putting out disappointments like this. save the space on your ipad and don't bother.
great and very useful. don't leave home without it
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
. waist of time app. does what it wants not what you want. worthless
please make it work with desk top. great app wish it worked with the desk top version
like it so far!. at this point i have only used the free trial version of this app. i like it. i do wish that it was linkable to my bank account or at least had a register like the software version i have used in the past but i am still going to buy the full version.
rubbish. on quite a few occasions including the last six or seven attempts ‘unable to get all my quickbooks data’ think i’ll be binning this app!
easy to use. maybe better than the desktop app...
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
functions missing. works well enough but when receiving payments it doesn't allow you to pick the bank account. frequent problems with it locking up as well
amazing app!!!!. love quickbooks and also the app. excellent layout design. just one thing is needed. please allow the app to support touchid for the login process. this would be just the best update ever! thanks
it works ok. using this app for serval years now. mainly i’m bothered by the small glitches and performance of the app, not so much quickbooks. every so often a new annoyance will pop up.
stupid app. and never works right nightmare to login
good product for on the go bookkeeping.. i have more than a few clients i do bookkeeping for. this apple ap does a good job of keeping up with their books. the bank feed is by far better than the desktop version and it can be done on my iphone. i moved my company books from the desktop to qbo so i can invoice on the go instead of waiting to get back to my office.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
awful. slow, takes ages to load photos, can only load one photo at a time. constant errors where the invoice will be paid twice
. this app is extremely easy to use and keeps all of my business accounting running smoothly and quickly. i haven't had any problems and neither have any of my customers.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
nearly perfect. makes life so much easier having access to accounts on the go on all devices, shame you cant print statements on the ipad or via the iphone app
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
. with the new update my other user can't track miles when i rely on him to do it, completely useless update that changed the user settings.
owner. great app nothing more to be said. everything is so organized. i love it!!
excelente aplicación. tengo un negocio de control de plagas y esta aplicación me a permitido realizar cotizaciones y facturas mientras estoy fuera de la oficina.
crashes on launch. latest os installed, the app crashes when i try to open it. hope a fix comes soon!
awesome app. awesome app very convenient use it on a daily basis.
. all new version is awesome this app is awesome! when intuit separated the quickbooks mobile app from this quickbooks online app they fixed a bunch of bugs and added a ton of features. if you have a quickbooks online subscription you need this app!
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use!
great app. for my business is been really helpful app. i'm a painter contractor, check job all day, if i need to send estimates and invoices now i can do it on the road.
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
app needs additional improvements. please add ability to sync bank and other vendor accounts using the app. also, need outlook calendar for schedule management and payment processing integrated into this app. also need hour start and end tracking tool by each employee along with ability to send text confirmation to customer.
this works for me.... i have a hard time keeping up with my invoices but this makes it simple for me to keep track on the move or like right now laying in my bed creating invoices and estimates. this is great.
. looks really good but not for me as i don't send enough invoices so not worth paying for. if i had more business and earnt more money then it would be perfect. but for someone who does cleaning a couple of times as a week not worth paying. shame there isn't a free version.
app keeps crashing. please fix your app... i pay a lot of money a month for your service and this app is terrible. for the most part i have to log into the online service to do any work. please fix your app
excellent!. a great app. easy to use and gives the features of the browser version on the phone. a small flaw: the + to add new things in, specifically on an iphone x, sits a little too low meaning it’s under the home bar. it’s optimised nicely for an x, though!
. app is crashing as soon as it starts... 🙄 edit: app is now working, i wish all features of the desktop version were also available on mobile.
. doesn't work for the last few months on any of my devices. called many times support and they said they are aware of the problem and they are working on it. this is insane!!! i'm paying every month to get the online version and it doesn't even let me sign in. it shouldn't take month to fix such a problem.
. easy way to reach my client balances and send proposals and invoices and collect payment.
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
. my business depends on qb and thankfully the web portal works. on my samsung s8 however, all this app does is give me an unresponsive black screen if i'm lucky enough to even load a login screen. not compatible with samsung s8 apparently. this app is trash. stick to the web portal and save yourselves the aggravation.
great product. thanks to my accountant which recommended me to get this. highly recommends to anyone who is more small to medium businesses where we can invoice on the go
only problem. i have a few problems the app is very slow when editing email address in the send invoice i don’t see a few things that i’d like  discounts for example no way to customize message to different customers most of this is pretty minor biggest issue is reconciliation of books at end of year
don’t use this with an ipad.. bought this app and was unable to get it to work with an ipad. 4 hours on the phone with this company and still no success. they charged me and told me to get my money back through apple. there is an open known problem being worked on their end but user’s beware. you won’t find out until you’ve paid.
i love this app. i love been able to do my work on the go, and quick book helps me do that
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
". the banking feature is horrible. i hear it's a problem across the board with androids. while trying to add expenses that have been imported from my bank, the app freezes or crashes. calling quickbooks gave me a generic ""we are working on it"" response but no solution. if they didn't have the market cornered on accounting software i'd use something else. but alas, i'm stuck with the frustration and urge to throw my phone everyday."
best app to fallow my customers!. qb online + qb app is the best!
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
great. always easy and concise. great to do my invoices on the road!!
. the app is good. they can still work on some parts to make user experience better.
be careful. i resynced my bank feeds and two years of transactions got deleted. i spent an hour on the phone and was told they couldn't fix it...
quickbooks accountant. client writeup software
good mobile app.. good app. unfortunately it won't allow you to look up customers by address.
buggy. since updating to the latest version i can’t view invoices from the home screen or even update and send invoices from the invoices screen. hire some competent engineers.
user. good app but needs more features
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
unusable in ios 13. after login, app crashes every time. i tried deleting and reinstalling as well. ios 13.0. please fix asap.
"convenient. having a small business can be challenging...a customer requested a copy of invoice to be resent from my office.... ""i have no office"".....downloaded d app and baam, job done....awesome!!!!!!"
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
. the app offers very few features.
. actually very important app for business and its very easy to handle good app.
. i dont have a comment, but i do have a question. is this app beneficial to a incorporated contracting company, or is it more so set up for a cash and carry business structure.
. frustrating. slow. pretty much only to be used for creating invoices and receiving payments. maybe reports. wanted something that functioned just like the online version but for my mobile. wanted to catch up on work at opportune moments without having to get the laptop out. would not recommend. client hates it.
best business app. this is very helpful in keeping accounts excellent app
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
crashing all the time. i know it's version 1.0, but still. it's crashing left, right and center all the time. you may want to wait 68 months before this app is stable.
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks it makes tracking expenses easy as taking a picture and putting the irs info in.
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
app is not functional. the app is keep crushing on iphone xs max every time you i want to create new invoice. billion dollar company but cannot fix bugs for a few months already, its embarrassing.
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipadiphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
"can't add unit with quality and rate in invoice. online version does not allow customisation of fields. invoice doesn't show ""unit"" with quantity and rate as a result invoice are unusable in real world. hope developer address these issue at priority before we users move to other applications."
good to keep on track. excellent app for inputting information immediately, but that's all it does.
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
bookkeepers or better only! too much info available to users.. this app would allow a salesman taking orders to view way too much information. it's nice that it integrates with the qbo program, but what am i supposed to do about salesmen that only need to check inventory and write orders? surely they should be excluded from the company books! very disappointed in the time i wasted talking to intuit salespeople who materially misrepresent the functionality of the program
love this app!!!. it's come a long ways in being user friendly. i do wish you could have the access and control you have from your desktop to at least review your reports. see your registers.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
". getting this message for the last 3 days on my android. ""there was a problem syncing your data. wait a few minutes and try again"". please fix this edit: i have done all those steps, cleared cache, uninstalled, reinstalled, gave all permissions, even did a full factory reset on the phone and still same issue.."
great for attaching receipts, not for entering expenses. i love being able to take photos of invoices and receipts and directly attach them to the expense. however, i am unable to add expenses because the app does not have access to my accounts or categories. if there was even a save as a draft option, i would give this a 55. however, i am not able to save any input if i can’t add the account or categories.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
junk update = worthless app. since the latest update, my qb app shows an error saying that my session has expired immediately after i log in. i can't use it at all. pc access is okay.
. great to have accounting info at your fingertips. only sometimes wish i could get more info from the app but it had all the basic stuff.
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
. idk but its very useful...
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
. hands down the worst customer service system i've ever dealt with. not once have i called that i wasn't on hold for 15 minutes to then have the person transfer me to someone else because they couldn't help me. i'm currently having the money taken from my account but am being told my account doesn't exist and i have to sign up for a new one.
. good app perfect
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
would rate 0 star if i can. only works in trial version. bought it 3 days ago and hasn't work since. i emailed customer support from both itunes and quickbooks with no help. keeps asking me to subscribe (when i already have). i couldn't use it. it's useless.
exactly as described. it does what it is supposed to. i am a longtime user of the desktop version and still do, however for a fledgling small business that is mobile the online version is incredibly convenient.
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
stuck in the test version. it is all great in theory, yet there are so many glitches. you can’t search by address. it crashes too often. frequent notifications that as an example your deposits weren’t recorded properly do you want to fix them? i shouldn’t need to fix the bank deposits. please fix the bugs! oh and not all of my clients made the transition from the desktop version to the online version. also quickbooks asked me to rate quickbooks online 4 times today alone.
great. love this app. some glitches but overall great.
tax invoice as per india standard. dear, please give us more invoice style templates as per india stander
way too limited. the app for the ipad is too basic. i can create an invoice and email or print but if i need to print an existing invoice there is no option to do this. after receiving payments there is no way to deposit them to my bank. i can't believe that qb would release an app before testing it. i am hoping that there will be an upgrade soon to make it functional. disappointed!
. great app help me a lot with my business really easy to use on my galaxy s9 and iphone x
. wouldn't be able to run my company with put this service. just done know why i lost my deal on my monthly payment. it was supposed to be $7.99 a month.
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
. love this app has been extremely helpful
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
fix the bugs. this program has many bugs and has connectivity issues. the level of problems with the software is extensive. when the program works correctly it works nicely, but the downtime and glitches greatly degrade the value of this software. i would look for an alternative accounting software package. i do not know anyone who has used this software that would give it a five star rating. in other words, i am very skeptical of the rating shown.
. great way to keep track of expenses for the business.
. whats the cost after free trial
. the app does not work on any android tablet. works on my android phone but, not on any of my four tablets. will be cancelling our subscription if not fixed soon.
. made my business so much easier to work with customers and process work through the day rather than when i get home at night
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
love it but..... seems like new technology with some bugs. also some reciprocity issues with what can be done on app as opposed to phone. i know intuit will refine and well worth it. it is helping me streamline my business networking system!!! love it and look forward to giving a 5 star in couple years!
. not as useful as the web version but great way to capture receipts
. this app works great on my computer but will not allow you to accept deposits on a mobile device.
crashes. upgraded to ios 10, now app will no open.
qbo. quick books online is a great app. the ability to have access to business data at all times is not only critical but essential for any business.
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
. app is not opening. i have so much data in it please fix the issue
easier than all other apps. i literally tried out a dozen other apps trying to get one free or cheap. efforts were futile. i broke down and bought this one and never happier. it works like a charm and no dead buttons. does what i want it to do and no limitations.
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
waste of time. don't bother, it doesn't work and they could not care less!!!
unbelievable and easy to use. saved me hours rectifying between bank and invoices. amazing phone service
great accounting software. i previously used myob, thank goodness i changed to this  it is light years ahead and is saving me huge amounts of time.
. dashboard won't even populate. menu button doesn't work. i can only see recent activity. i can not use the app at all!!!!
. great accounting app. easy to use and robust.
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
honestly i would rate this app 0!. app doesn't work at all, getting error every time i'm trying to login. no respond from team during a week! just stay away of it!!! if you think that your advice to reinstall would help  you are wrong! i did it already couple if times before your advise finally came in. this app just doesn't work and i wouldn't spent more time for it!!!!!! stay away of it!!!
easy to use. love this app, easy to use.
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
poor. the program is slow and it is hard to find what you want. does not compare to their desktop version.
. great accounting software
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
why doesn't it update banking?. all i want to do is import my banking transactions and deal with them. i would think this would be basic functionality. i spent spent over half an hour on the phone with support and talked to 3 different reps who ll claimed to know almost nothing about the app. seriously, why do you even have it.
. great software . still learning.
where is the payroll functionality?!?!. the app seems to intentionally not include payroll functionality, that’s what i need most! f
not accurate. even after the most recent update the app still dose not accurately reflect my qbo account. all information on vended and clients are not up to date. this had been an ongoing issue for more than a year now. i keep hoping with every update this will be correct, but nothing yet.
very easy and great!. i'm not a accountant but i found this app and the software great
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
stopping subscription. originally a useful app, but keeps crashing following the most recent update on 27.09. will have to stop subscription and find something that works, so whats the point in updating the app if you lose customers?
please add more search options. this is a great app to accompany a great service. my only request is that i be able to search for content within invoices themselves. for faster lookup!
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
. does basic accounting. cool. i paid money for this. clunky interface. settings buried in random locations. this is a professional product?
graham. great app very easy to use for a mobile business. just need mobile wifi.
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
rubbish. doesn't work. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. deleted. no support from customer service
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
please fix this asap!!!!. this update is horrible and does not work properly at all! data doesn't refresh and i keep getting error messages. the only (very temporary) fix is to delete the app and redownload it  daily! lame! this must be addressed immediately.
great app.. love the app, it's just what i need to do my work.
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
. this app is not working with samsung note 9
love the app!. convenient
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
will not stop asking for a review. trying to get work done and having to swap back and forth between invoices to get the numbers. made difficult since every time i switch back and forth it asks for me to review the app. well, there you go, 1 star, now let me work.
great app. best software for small business, better priced than other software on the market.
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
not enough!. this app does not have the functionality that qbo has. therefore, useless. if we can't use the ipads in the store, what use is the app? 1. can't enter an invoice with the details 2. can't enter a vendor bill and do splits. 3. can't put payments in undeposited funds. 4. yep, useless.
love itrepeat user. i love quickbooks because of the ease of getting things done in accounting. i am by no means an accountant but this does everything for me and i just hand it to my accountant at the end of the year which makes it so easy.
great app but sign in issues. wont let me sign in anymore keeps sayin error restart app.
. my wife has this app and it works well for her business. i got this app based on her recommendation but unfortunately it has been full of technical difficulties. several hours wasted on talking to tech support and was told the tech team might resolve issues in a week. all details of my invoices are erased and wrong dates are shown on all invoices amongst other problems. wish they could solve this faster, has been very stressful experience so far for me.
. just made my life so much easier.
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
i need this app. i really need to use this app. but everytime i try to create an account it says connection error. i have been sending multiple emails about the same for the past month and no reply. five stars if you fix this problem
. keeping on track with my biz for the first time ever really! i wish there was the ability to add a pic for expenses in the memo part on the mobile app tho. edit, figured it out, dope~!
nice app! but needs improvement.. please add a delayed charges option. i need to be able to add charges in the field from my mobile device. the app works well on my gs5
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
jtw1234567. awesome app. i don't have time to do all of this and run my business too.
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile
. please add a option of journal entry jn app
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
. still waiting on a transaction from last week. was told a lie. biggest mess i have ever seen. stay away from go payment . now it seems they kicked me off quickbooks from this bad review. way to go quickbooks
suits me. so easy to use, perfect for my tiny business. don't need accounting skills the workflow has been designed very well and support is great.
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
cost. does this app cost anything, i am a small business, i haven’t made a profit yet, and don’t have much money, any help?
. fairly easy to use for quick access. i use the online version to enter expenses and income.
needs a way to attach pdf files, not just pictures. i'd consider this a great app if i could use it to record expense receipts from online purchases (pdf files) , not just printed receipts. i keep having to go back to my computer to record digital receipts. i think it's obvious that folks these days are buying things from amazon and other merchants who provide digital receipts.
will not let me access my info!!!. ever since i got new phones for my technicians ,samsung s5, i have not been able to access any of my customers, transactions, or invoices. i use qbo for my business, but have now lost all mobile capabilities. if not resolved, i will be forced to use a different accounting software. 5 stars if working properly.
great app but needs banking. this app is great since the last major update, but all i want now is to do my banking on it too.
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
new update is awful. the newest update is so awful! i can't post things on my invoices, i can't email invoices, nothing! it acts like it is doing it, but then it freezes and tells you to refresh before making changes. i refresh, make the change again, and it gives me the same message again. awful update!
superb. this accounting system and the app have saved me so much time over the last six months. i used to dread calculating the vat return and catchup my up on the books but i am up to date daily with very little effort. well worth the money!
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
. easy to use and helps greatly with tracking expenses and staying on track.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
first class. really a great app makes life easier
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
. sucks. cant login. all intuit apps are broken. support takes weeks to respond. i going to cancel my monthly service and go with a different accounting software. longtime customer but no longer.
. great app i love it
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
good if it's working. tedious authorization every time you have to reconnect with your bank. the desk top app isn't quicker and it seems to crash at the most crucial time!
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
don't like new update. i prefer buttons actions on the bottom than puede corner and still missing two things, send invoices by text, fax, edit or view notes online
google auth broken. can’t login to my account using google auth.
very good app. good
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
app not working on iphone. i’ve been trying to install the app on my iphone (6s) with the current version of ios for the past couple of months. the app downloads and installs. when i tap the app to open it, the screen briefly shows the intuit quickbooks logo and then closes. i called support but the told me to go to apple. the ability to use the app to capture receipts etc was a big draw to using quickbooks online. very disappointed.
love it. this makes running my bookkeeping busy very simple!
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
. this website is terrible and the customer service is friendly yet not helpful!!! i want to cancel my subscription and yet told to remove the app from my tablet....wrong by removing the app it does not cancel my subscription...very unhappy!!
. love the app feature! i'm getting work done on the bus!!!
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
crashes a lot. generally works okay, but crashes a lot on a 256gb ipad pro. you have to continually save your work to keep from losing everything every few minutes.
"ireland. works well in ireland but some difficulties with irish vat which for small businesses operate on ""receipts basis"" for vat. but work arounds available.. reporting is great. emailing invoice is so easy. this is cloud accounting at the best and improving all the time. david fields in dublin ireland"
great app. need security code.. the app has lot of confidential data. please add security code to open the app, similar to quicken.
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
great app. i use that app quite frequently. easy to use and gives me all the information i need to access.
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
ipad perfect until ios 8.5. app hasn't worked since 8.5 update. have sent several request about the app crashing and no one has gotten back to me. i've deleted and redone loaded, rebooted ipad, etc. when not crashing it's a 5 star app. please fix asap!
. full featured app! quickbooks makes it easy to stay organized. this full featured app brings the desktop to you. easy to make invoices on the go.
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
fix this!. when using my new iphone x the app crashes every time i try selecting the “invoices” button?! also... constantly have to log in and log out to update my information?! why?! please fix these major issues!
. quickbooks has made it much easier to run my small business and create invoices on the go!
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
did update have had issues ever since. cannot download all of he files needed keep getting error code 10000. no resolution
quick books. great app
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
. nothing ever works on the app can't create invoicescant add products it's useless
. exellent best app ever !!! easy to use
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
. the update sucks
. this app is easy to use, once you get the hang of it. i can take pictures of all receipt which makes it easy to keep track.
not bad.... would like to be able to use it to cray an invoice and take a credit card payment on the road
. works good but only when it works. i've gotten disconnected twice now for no reason my mileage tracker first and now my bank accounts. tried to sign in on an alternate device and was asked to resubscribe. took my moneyback had no trouble doing that. but does nothing to alert me that it's no longer tracking my transactions.
excellent. my first time using accounting software this is the easiest i've tried love it
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
. very intuitive and easy to use. always improving through frequent updates.
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
. doesn't work. after logged in, i can seem to review my accounts. this would be a great app if they could fix this issue.
. excellant app helped taking the stress out of book keeping
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
crashes. it crashes upon opening on iphone 4s now
. simple and easy to use
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
. like many other i can no longer log in to the app, spoke to barbara on chat via the browser version and she seemed unaware of the problem despite several reviews mentioning it. otherwise i like the app (when it works!) although there are less functions than desktop. good particularly for scanning bills but can't do that at the moment...
great product. it's much easier to navigate, user friendly and worth every penny. the only con for me is not being able to switch between companies.
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
. i have contacted customer service several times for support issues with the appquickbooks online not syncing the transactions automatically. no one seems to have an answer on what's going on. each time i'm advised by a customer service represenative to remove and reconnect the bank account yet in doing so it still doesn't work.
. it is an exellent accounting application which allow me to be on the right truck with my daily expeneses and income.
"very convince. i wish i could you the ""classes"" functionality from my phone though... i just upgrade my online account today and was super excited about that functionality... but it appears not to be available on my phone... which means i can scan my receipts and enter my expenses. but still have to login to assign a class... which is repetition. .."
. a joke, support can't resolve any issues
. when it comes to converting an estimate to an invoice or processing transactions, the app experience is excellent and even preferred to the desktop version. smooth and easy to learn.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. doesnt work on my google pixel 2 or pixel pad.
shwetha. super app
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
great! the app we need, but don't deserve. i use it to run my 6 figure company! everything works great and makes things tremendously easy
help and advise. i subscribe this on the trial and pop up the good deal 7.49 for 3 months and should be starting my payment for real is 14.99 in january. hey should be responsible for this ads. apple
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
qb. use it for my farm. fantastic app
no bills. has great functions except cannot enter billsinvoices from vendors.
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
. love this app.so simple to use. saves you so much time with your paperwork keep up the great work guys😀😀
. great but sometimes invoices lock with the inability to edit unless opened with a different device.
". this app is trash, has me very upset won't let me add a bank account just keeps saying ""hmm connection error"". this is bs i just signed up for this service and won't let me connect your app sucks and most likely will seek a refund. have tried wifi, mobile, what the funk, not quick in my opinion..."
great app. i have been using quickbooks for about a year now. it's has been a major asset to my business. it made filing my taxes quick and easy too.
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
fix log in problems. the latest update made logging in extremely difficult. i am no longer able to use my pin or fingerprint even though they are both enabled in the app.
. very easy to use and keeps everything organized and at my finger tips for billing, payments, expenses and payroll. a must for any business owner!
need o and p. really need to add a way for someone to mark up of the invoice and show change orders to estimates.
useless app. mileage tracking is grossly inaccurate, way too many inadequacies and limitations on the invoicing and accounting features. this app is a joke. i tried it for several months and have lost money as a result of it's shortcomings. the positive reviews here must be fake. do your research and search the web for accurate reviews. i recommend everlance as a better option.
versatile and available. great for my small business that i can get clients info from a mobile platform and send invoices and sales receipts while mobile.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
clumsy, slow, crashes often. not a great app, times out saving transactions, sometimes saves them, sometimes not. not worth the money
love this app. such a clean and well developed app for quickbooks! love it!
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
geeat. awesome app...!!!!!!
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
. a sham of a company, that don't care if your data goes missing, or you have to waste hours of your life rebuilding expenses and mileage data from other sources. the app isn't reliable, doesn't integrate with your other accounting and it's difficult to use. steer clear.
favorite app. my favorite app. i use it on a daily biases to send invoices right after i complete a job. makes my life so much less stressful.
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
. worked ok for a couple if weeks but home screen no longer visible on galaxy s10
excellent!!!. i just love this app. i has allow me to invoice and collect payment at the point of sale without the paper work fuzz. it has allow me to improve my cash flow while increasing my efficiency while i am in the field. my only regret, i should have implemented much sooner into my mobile service.
missing functionality  registers updated. the app itself is pretty clean and easy to use. however it is missing some important functionality, namely registers. there is no access to your bank or credit card registers, or to check their respective balances... for a financial application, this is a major missing piece. here's hoping this will be added soon. update: this has been fixed. now waiting for making deposits...
longtime user, app is gradually slowing down. been using quickbooks online since it came out, and unfortunately the apps seem to slowing down more and more with each update. i have to delete and reinstall the app a couple times a year because it hangs or acts funky. hope these little issues get resolved and i can use the apps i pay a lot of money each year to use
. best software
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
great accounting apps. great apps..
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
invoices don’t look great. the issue i had when using quickbooks was the invoices just didn’t look very polished or professional. there’s a way of setting up a custom invoice, but really you want a good default so you don’t have to muck around.
. i'm completely new to this app. because of that i might not know what to look for. but this makes starting up a business extremely easy. definitely plan on subscribing once the trial is up. 👍and would gladly suggest this app to anyone looking for this kind of help and ease.
improve inventory management. very good software quickbook .. we are the manufacturer and we want to manage inventory of the raw material also ... when we sell a product then the raw material should be automatically deducted... otherwise very good sofware
not so good. it keeps hanging up with an error message not connected to the internet. not very useful for business.
very easy to use. makes dealing with finances very straightforward even on the road. great interface and reports. recommended!
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
user friendly!. this is definitely the bookkeeping app for anyone who is not attuned to being a business owner
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
mr. trying to type this review the second time. first time have typed up a review, i was told my chosen nickname is taken and the whole text disappeared! basically app is waste of time! not all of my set suppliers are displaying. for an accounting program it should be spot on before publishing. i would not trust this app. beware!
. great app, does what it says.
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
it only took intuit 10 years to get it right. finally! a cross platform that works where i do and i don't have to re enter all my data. however the search feature has gone rouge. i want to look at the last 30 days but it crashes every time. yes i have uninstalled ect. poor continuity.
great app!. only change would be to allow for a larger job location field. other than that i can honestly say it's helped us tremendously with invoicing.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
i like it. i like it good app
very good. it should be able to synchronize with quickbooks desk top.the online version on the pc sucks!!!! not user friendly,and very limeted,
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
very good application.. i like to have this application for my business. is very help and accurate for my status of my invoices pending of payment and the aging of the customers transactions thank you for mobil quickbooks very grateful.
i'm trying the app now i have a question. can i acess from a pc too? or is it only for the phone?
hate the app. limited functionality of the app makes it virtually useless... unless i have access to a pic or laptop, i can't do all the things i need to do. the program itself is good, just not sure why the app hasn't caught up yet.
simple and beatiful. i'm a happy paying customer. the ui can certainly be improved but it is simply the best of it's class at the moment. the ready customization for malaysia gst and online integration with malaysian banks are awesome. i love the modern look of the web and mobile web version while their competitors are still stuck with ui from late 90s and early 2000.
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
app doesn't connect on ios 9. ever since ios upgrade 9.3 and quickbooks mobile app doesn't sign in, always says check internet connection. it's a bug in the app and they know it, we contacted support to fix it and they said they are working on it and will have a solution by end of may. this problem has been on for more than 4 weeks with no solution. poor app with poor support. not recommended at all.
everything i need right from my phone. so handy to be able to do estimates, invoices, and record my expenses right from my phone! will save a lot of time with bookkeeping as now i can enter everything on the go.
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
. they billed my account even though i ended my subscription and was told i would not be billed!!! 😡😠
handy and convenient.. i love this app. it is easy to use and always have it all at office when you go to do bookkeeping there. reports may be something to add so i could we what customer owe me. thx
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
crashes on iphone x. crashing on iphone x
. no complaints so far! it's been very easy and there are plenty of videos online to explain things.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. i was not aware that you needed their main subscription of $25 per month to access this extra monthly charge. also i am still being charged my one month payment for thinking i could use this on my andeoid only and signing up. not impressed for a co.pany i worked with their software for years. now like microsoft, it's a money grab with subscriptions. sad. loved them for years.
i like it. i still like it. i don't know all of what has changed yet but i think it is easier for me to get around that before.
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
unuseable. the developer disabled the ability to paste in your password. i cannot use an app that requires me to spend two minutes pecking in my 28digit password every time i want to use it! enable paste and i will give this app a try.
. wonderful apps but still need to improve .
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
creating an account is a joke and does not work.. creating an account is a joke and does not work despite entering all information correctly. uninstalled!
quickbooks online. an intuitive program that works for a number of my smaller clients as well as being cost effective and saving time and bookkeeping fees. works for everyone.
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
avoid like the plague!. app doesn't work, says trial expired. customer support are unhelpful and have no idea when it will be fixed. we have a years worth of books on this and now we need to find new software  we've been in business for more than 26 years and have never known service like this. seriously, find another solution. this is not the software you are looking for.
. quickbooks makes my life so much easier for writing amd sending estimates and invoices. there are so many other things that quickbooks can do that im slowly learning. im writing so many estimates and getting so much work from easier estimate and invoice writing its really hard for me to get the time sit down amd learn everything else quickbooks has to offer.
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
the app needs work. the web based service is great, but the app needs work. the tool i need (journal entries) are not available through this app, so it's not very useful.
owner. great app to take of of business anywhere i'm at!
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
. i love the app! there are a few updates i'd like to see on the estimates and order entry fields but it's still saves so much time. it really has changed the way i do business. great app and program.
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
. piss poor app most of time it don't work keeps saying error. very disappointed
new user; i love it. i am amazed at what all i can accomplish with my iphone while traveling. best app on my phone.
. my only dislike is that on android it will only being up the last year of data... where on my daughter's apple it brings up all data from many years ago
customer service fail!. customer service is non existent look elsewhere
. great app. works for everything i need. had a few issues but they were resolved.
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
extremely limited. no credit memos, you can't have a simple addition of how much you have to receive in open invoices at a specific date, no journal entries. i have only my ipad pro and if i try to access the web version, it's not compatible with any browser on ios. so you're stuck and you need a pcmac only for these things. it's a terrible, terrible experience.
great app. this app is a great supplement to the mac version very very helpful
don't like new update. i prefer buttons actions on the bottom than puede corner and still missing two things, send invoices by text, fax, edit or view notes online
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
love this app!. this has solved my issue of remembering to create invoices after the service. so far i am loving this app :)
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
update. says update required to use. i go to the app store to update and no update is available. been using it and working great till this.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
. restart the app error. uninstalled and reinstalled app. same error.
very good app. good functionality. still room for improvement in some areas but i know they will come in time. love quickbooks online!
quickbooks. quickbooks has been absolutely amazing overall. main issue is customer service and their ability to provide customer support for the app. i was required to ph 3 different numbers, one being out of service. once i finally spoke to csr he was extremely friendly but did state they haven’t been provided proper training to assist with app related issues but would do his best to help. i would upgrade to 4 or 5 stars if they provide a user friendly option for support.
overly complicated for sole prop. this app is useless for simple small business money in money out, it shouldn’t be this hard and definitely not worth the fight
wonderful app.. wonderful app. makes my life so much easier. wish i would have signed up with qbo earlier.
love it, but. i love the app, but different devices have different functions. some things i have to do on the laptop. the internet version will crash and i have to reload it. not sure if its my internet connection or not. it is helping me get more organized and ready for 041516, ugh!
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
. simple operation and easy to prepare work
. good app, but please can you add mode of payment to sale receipts and receive payment. anytime i do sale receipt on the app, it post the cash directly to undeposited fund account i created instead of bank account of cash and cash equivalent that i created... please help us fix this pls
. was wary, but the convenience is worth a lot until the latest update. now i cant sign on. been a week since they told me there was an issue. still not resolved. spent several hours on hold listing to garbled elevator music that can not be turned down. customer support blows.
easy to use!. love being able to take photos of receipts on the go!!
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
. useless app. not user friendly. waste of money. major disappointment
great app. so easy a caveman can do it
. usefull and effective. it needs improvement in its mobile features. creating delivery challan and entering gst details while adding new customers isn't available currently. hope to see this feature soon in the app
newest update ruins app. after updating my app touch id no longer works and i can't receive payments and clear invoices anymore also it makes me sign in every time i open the app , before this update the app worked perfect and deserved a 5 star rating , you have ruined it and made it unusable , you need to fix this.
upholstery shop. very good app, help me a lot at upholstery business!
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
really needs an easier login. since the last update, logging in is a huge pain. touch id rarely works.fix this.
. love the flexibility of using the app in keeping the business running.
. most of the times search for customers, invoice numbers, amount etc doesn't works. keeps on saying something went wrong!!! please get sortout this issue urgently.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
excellent software. best products, excellent customer service, can't imagine how i would manage without it. thanks quickbooks!!!
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
could be much better.. this app needs lots of work. is not possible to assign an expense as billable. is also not possible to add markup from this app. lame.
confusing. the guidance on using the app and getting the most from it is not very good  for someone starting out like me, i'm struggling with this.
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
. quickbooks lover for years so app is right for me
payroll unable to handle contractors. unable to pay contractors on 1099 also their supports work around took more time than outsourcing payroll. wuuuuuuut? ? i have used quicken since computers came out and it looks nice and works great for (normally) most things. cheers
bugs galore. i hvae been using this app now for 4 years and it is the buggiest app i have ever used. there are times where the app works flawlessly, and when it does it is a great tool, however this is a small percentage of the time. i would not recommend using the online version to anyone using the desktop version. the worst thing about the app is that you cannot transfer the content to the desktop version for mac.
. simple to navigate
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
great for my business. the app makes checking banking records and status of transfers easy. the app is also very intuitive. highly recommend.
no good color and texture of sreen. it hard to seen no c olor in photos
. doesn't really do much in the big quickbooks picture
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. keeps crashing! i can't even get the app to start up to the log in screen most of the time.
thanks intuit. i can create invoices at the job and get paid on the spot. ..no problems so far.
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
. baixei o app porém, a propaganda e 13,99 nos primeiros 12 meses, quando vou comprar o valor passa a ser de 48,99, gostaria de saber k por que? propaganda enganosa de valor realmente ou é erro no app?
love quickbooks. this is the best accounting software there is. quickbooks makes my life so much easier and running my business is so much smoother with the available accounting options!
crashing after ios13 update!. app is crashing after face id log in on xs max ios13
. i have this quick books and pay outrageous monthly for the worst service specially the mobile app. have called them so many times but all they care about is to collect. just waste of time and no help. i wish i could take my customer list and go to another co. does anyone know any co. better?
great app easy to use. this new version does almost everything online with my smart phone. i can match transactions, add expenses, do almost everything i need to do while on the road. thank you intuit!
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
excellent. quickbooks online works great for me and makes my work much easier especially with the phone app
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
i can't run a business with quick books. the format is different on my ipad that it is on my iphone. i don't have the ability to do half the stuff i can do from my computer, which is a huge inconvenience when i'm in the field. i wouldn't recommend quickbooks or the apps to anybody.
great app. i wish there was a way we could charge credit cards that are already on file
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
. force closes all the time. when it won't stop doing it, i have to uninstall and the reinstall. complete bs since i pay for the service.
good for on the go business#. great app for mobile business. lacks some of the functionality of desktop version. i like the way i can record every transaction on the go, even invoices and payments. i don't like the fact that you can run only one business per subscription. much to expensive to pay separate for subscriptions if you have more than one business.
actually professional now. i was using word to create invoices, then excel to keep track of when they were paid. now it's all done in one place and even sends a professional looking invoice to my clients! i should've moved to quick books long ago!
honestly i would rate this app 0!. app doesn't work at all, getting error every time i'm trying to login. no respond from team during a week! just stay away of it!!! if you think that your advice to reinstall would help  you are wrong! i did it already couple if times before your advise finally came in. this app just doesn't work and i wouldn't spent more time for it!!!!!! stay away of it!!!
loving the app. glad i discover the quickbooks app. have just started using quickbooks and must say i'm impressed and now that i have the app its just taken managing my small business to a whole new level. hats off to the developers and all involved.
. most of the times search for customers, invoice numbers, amount etc doesn't works. keeps on saying something went wrong!!! please get sortout this issue urgently.
unhappy. bad program for ipad and android phone. bad customer service. very dissatisfied.
great app. great app. gives me complete flexibility while operating my small business!
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
app has low functionality. quickbook rocks but the app has very limited functionality leaving it as something not helpful to review reports
. ease of use. it's very helpful to invoice and receive payments using my phone while still with a client
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken. 21517 latest updates are a constant crash.
subpressions. like the mobile app
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
app glitches. i get an error message 6000 every time i try to add a customer, payment, or any new information. basically it's not functioning, i have to use the desktop version.
. i really like being able to do all my estimate and invoices on my mobile phone
too sophisticated for just personal budgeting. i have been using quickbooks since 2006 and its predecessor before 2006. i only use it for my personal budgeting of 14 bank accts, 10 mortgages and 6 credit card transactions. sometimes i cannot figure out how to enter a transaction (transfers between accts, accepting matching transactions, credit card individual transactons versus balance payment) without creating a double entry or it cancelling out an entry. love, love, love the online version that i can access via iphone.
. i have called customer support twice now. each time, i am greeted by an overly friendly person who barely speaks a word of english. either time was the agent able to even understand what i am asking for. they could offer no help, they would not transfer me to someone else. i am left all alone here trying to navigate a program and run a business. i have no idea how to get any help from these people. thank goodness for youtube!
. one of the best accounting software's i have used for my business on the go.
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
garbage. i still can't login since last updated. it's been a freaking month
. works good for me in the field! i am grateful to have this free mobile app.
suscripción suspendida! ya pague! pero sigue suspendida ayuda. ayuda ! esta suspendida y no puedo facturar
basic functions always don't work. touch id malfunctions, syncing is very very slow.
. good good app
owner. love the program i am having problems inputing my desktop customers and previous business information. called the help desk and still waiting forba fix
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
would never trade qbs. you guys are incredible, from customer service to product. i've been a customer for years and this app just tops it all off. love the ability to have as much in one. payroll, invoice, file attachment i can go on and on! keep it up!
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
where's suppliers gone. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense
my everyday app. love how easy this app is to use
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
. very easy to use and saves products for quick invoices!
. perfect to make invoices on the road however missing important functions like sending customer 'statements.
. i keep getting a error that says unable to view payment because it includes finance charges. very frustrating when you can't view invoices.
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
missing functionality  registers updated. the app itself is pretty clean and easy to use. however it is missing some important functionality, namely registers. there is no access to your bank or credit card registers, or to check their respective balances... for a financial application, this is a major missing piece. here's hoping this will be added soon. update: this has been fixed. now waiting for making deposits...
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
. extremely easy to use. great app to create and send invoices and accept payments, track business and personal spending... and it's all in one place. plus lots more.
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
unusable on ipad pro. was intending to transfer all of my business computing over to my more than capable ipad pro. intuit seems to have other ideas. unable to run my business with the quickbooks software with the app or through the browser. a very unsatisfactory situation having my computing need dictated by intuit. will change software as soon as practical.
handyman. love it
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
. great app. very helpful for my small business.
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
terrible app. this app is not even close to what you expect it does not do what your quick books does. there is no way to change product descriptions without having to rewrite the whole item. it does not link to quick books in trial mode and not sure if i want to pay for this service. bottom line this is not what you would expect i think they are still working the bugs out buy some other app.
. great app & software. very helpful. would be nice to be able to keyword search within all estimatesinvoices.
. i think this app is not a bad idea. just that it doesn't have where i could upload my logo. buh all same it's a very cool app
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
good, getting better. not all of the functionality that i want but features are being added. very useful for seeing what's happening.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
no access to payroll. the app seems to have a menu for everything except payroll. i find these types of oversights all over quickbooks online glaringly obvious features that are incomprehensibly missing and customer service has no answers. don't waste your time.
. so far it is superb
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
fantastic job. intuit made an extremely versatile, and wellrun appprogram with this version
downloading the app. downloading was easy
"immediate session time out. immediately logs me out due to ""session time out"", rendering the app completely useless. 😒"
amazing. this is so much easier to use and access. we are out in the field more time than at the office and to be able to email am invoice to a customer in front of him is awesome.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
. app isn't working, its getting crashed everytime i try to login
. great app, easy to use, very helpful to track your expenses
good mobile app.. good app. unfortunately it won't allow you to look up customers by address.
. keep having to login which is annoying. very slow in general. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. after 3 years, still quite disappointed with it.
does the job. very effective app to make small business owners productive.
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
fire the entire team. worst app. login doesn't work. recovery doesn't work. craptastic adventure
. love this app
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
. great app
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
. really helpful app for managing our church finances int the go! very easy to use and gives me most tools i need to get the job done when i'm not at my computer. highly recommended.
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
please add a vital function. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. adding bank deposits etc. surely it's time to add this to the app. for me it's unusable
. makes our life easier without using the webapp
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
pretty complete finance from your phone. i'm not too sure about the need for a separate app for payroll, but this does work as advertised for the most part.
. convenient, but sometimes it freezes.
access to qb contacts please. love this app, means i can work while out with the kids. would be better if my phone was allowed access to my quickbooks contacts as my husband adds the contacts and they call before i have chance to add them to my phone.
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
. great app. i have had excellent customer service experiences.
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
needs updates. same app. works okay but very limited functionality. i figured since online version was updated they would've made changes here too. disappointed at how's long it's taking qb to add accounting functionality to this app.
. works great and simple to use
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
create a project under a customer for ios. this needs to be added asap. we are a mobile company and would very much utilize creating a project on the go in ios. both for ipad and iphone. thanks.
couldn't do without it. the qb on line version has really simplified our operations. the ability to have multiple users from different locations, especially remote access, has made life easier. either using a laptop or my ipad is great when out of the office. the only thing i've found that the app does not allow me to do is prepare a purchase order. but, there seem to be periodic updates so hopefully this will be coming soon. i would recommend qb to any small business.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
doesn't support timesheet entry. i have an account through my employer that is only used to enter timesheet information. this works great through the quickbooks online website from my pc, but when i try to log in through the app it tells me that i do not have a quickbooks online subscription.
. great app does exactly everything i need for my small business.
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
ouickbooks. setting up this quickbooks app is a joke , the system does not work and customer support has an attitude that is not willing to help!
awesome product. general contractor have tried a lot of different apps and have spent a few hundred bucks...this one by far is the best for invoicing and providing estimates. very streamlined and quick to learn..
. halimuzzaman syed. islami bank ltd bangladesh.
bad.. very bad. it just plain don't work and when i called tech support they said it is working fine it must be my phone well i have tried it on another phone and still get the same thing.... for what i paid for this service it should work.. maybe i should just go back to the old version and not pay the monthly fee!!!!
great app. this app is great and easy to use
. usefull and effective. it needs improvement in its mobile features. creating delivery challan and entering gst details while adding new customers isn't available currently. hope to see this feature soon in the app
crash. won't open since last fix. please fix again.
