don't be in a hurry. you need to be very aware of what your doing. the user interface can be a little but if a puzzle. otherwise a useful tool.
almost there. the developers are working hard at making this the best accounting package for smes. especially ones whose top management actively participates in reviewing reports. great for compact companies. great for hands on ceos. please check other reviews for page organisations and their experience.
. great app, very ready to track income and expenses. making and tracking invoices is so easy even easier then on the computer, reports and everything is really easy to access and track.
great app. i use it for business all the time it helps as my business is mobile always in the vehicle.
features are good but i always found bugs. errors everywhere
". its ok. expect more for a paid app though. im sure there will be updates  that will be available at a ""small extra cost""...."
. fantastic app! so easy to use and send invoices in seconds. love it!
excellent. excellent software worth every penny
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time. it works great with my small business to easily access invoices as well as the payment logs.
good to have. this app is wonderful to have. you have everything you need while on the go.
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
sucks. stupid
using new app for a week more problems longer i use it. really unhappy  i am missing data and receiving error messages and my only option for assistance is to use a form. am completely disappointed in quickbooks. limited functionality! come on intuit can't do any better than this and keep up with the times i have to use a computer or laptop to get full functionality?!
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
. good app for managing business.
. good app
it's not signing in. it says error all the time... pls help me on this
excellent!!!. i just love this app. i has allow me to invoice and collect payment at the point of sale without the paper work fuzz. it has allow me to improve my cash flow while increasing my efficiency while i am in the field. my only regret, i should have implemented much sooner into my mobile service.
great app. allows me to enter expenses right away.
. awesome app
extremely limited. no credit memos, you can't have a simple addition of how much you have to receive in open invoices at a specific date, no journal entries. i have only my ipad pro and if i try to access the web version, it's not compatible with any browser on ios. so you're stuck and you need a pcmac only for these things. it's a terrible, terrible experience.
statements. can't send statements or use bundles in the app. email customer services about it and they send you a email about doing it on your desk top. been asking for 6 months to have it added to the app. just get the same response while they add useless gimmicks to the app.
. i've just started using qb and i'm very impressed. i was using xero and truelly,it has been horrendous. qb all the way. so user friendly.
awesome. looking forward to seeing what's next!. there's times when i get fuel and the gas pump printer is out of paper. i pull out my phone, snap a picture of the purchase and expense it. brilliant. i would like to itouch login option. it's not to cool punching in your password while shivering. thanks qbo.
love it. this app helps me keep my business organized on the go
excellent mobile app. hopefully they will integrate a few more features soon to make it complete.
. no bugs yet.
life changer. doing what i need it to do
incomplete and not easy to use. privacy settings are lacking as they previously were in the online version. to be useful, i need to be able to pass the ipad to a sales associate sioux giving them the amount of access they currently have (with the limited privacy settings). also, the login and password system is cumbersome meaning it isn't quick to open up the app to charge a customers card (faster to run it through the online version)
. it has been 6 days and i still have not had my money deposited to my bank. oh and it is the day before thanksgiving. this is complete bs. negative stars. i need my money now. you guys should be embarrassed... 6 days and still not deposited. your customer service center lied to me and said it would be there...
. love this app.... only two things that i can't figure out. first, will not let me have a service date when making an invoice. most important, cannot figure out how to get it to accept the online payments thru ipn. on the desktop version it is highlighted on the invoice and in the email when its sent. other than those two issues, this app is great. would love to use this daily!
quickbooks online app. although i do like quickbooks online, the mobile app version is horrible. i downloaded and logged in and it did give me my balance sheet, but said i had no expenses, i could not find a way to put in a journal entry and other reports showed zeros as well. i deleted it from my ipad and will just use the nonapp version ( which you need google chrome vs safari to work properly not a big deal but a bit odd).
. app doesnt start until i hit link 4 ot 5 times
. this app is making my life life much easier!
. very easy step by step accounting software
. too often getting experiencing technical difficulties when trying to login.
intuitive. great app! love it!
. please provide bluetooth printer print option for receipt print
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
. doesn't open, tried reinstalling and clearing cache. used to work.
. very convenient app. makes business much easier.
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
absolutely great  speechless. i can't believe that qb has gone this forward in app. really impressed with the features specially reconciling bank through app. what a great feature. very efficient  100% from me.
amazing. this app is great men, u should try it...
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
. love it!!! works great with the online site, as a business owner this app is very useful.
capturing expenses? approving transactions?. really nothing no support for the consultant on the go? why can't i shoot a picture of a receipt put a dollar value a catagory and a note and have it either for review or added to my expenses. what about my transaction list i can't see the same information from the full website here at all. throw us a bone man....
ouickbooks. setting up this quickbooks app is a joke , the system does not work and customer support has an attitude that is not willing to help!
good app.
. não consigo acessar. tenho login e senha mas me aparece uma mensagem que a função não é aceita somente via web
. this app is eady to use and keep all my business expenses in one place!
. ☢️ testversion — 30tage  nur englisch 👎🏼 ☢️ deinstallliert ⚠️ edit: aber wozu eine app, wenn ich um die website nicht herumkomme ⁉️
amazing improvement in technology. we operate a wholesale division, a small brick & motor store, and two large ecommerce platforms that we participate in. quickbooks online and the combination of some of the apps will completely revolutionize how we process our accounting and retail transactions. saving us countless hours of time and increasing productivity
love it. business owner love this app
. great app
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
business on the go. if i could pay my gst from the app it would be perfect
love it!. quick books merging your gmail contacts and being able to add and subtract expenses lays your invoices out really well and makes everything so easy! clients get all the information this way and it leaves them without surprises. because of the convenience it forces me and reminds me to enter all the information that i would otherwise forget to include.
. i'm hooked love to send estimates and invoices on the fly.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
my favorite app. this app is like a cup of coffee in the morning for my business. since i started using it i can't live without it. love it!!
great can scan bills directly with phone. i use phone app instead of pc sometimes, as i can record bill right when i make purchase, complete with scan on receipt. awesome.
difficult to use. makes it harder to run your business not easier.
solid except.... i like that it keeps sync of everything smoothly. there's no wait time, and if so i never notice it. it's fast and convenient. best accounting software hands down! the app is smoother than the mac desktop version, this should be fixed!
awesome.. works great for invoicing and reports. love being able to email and print invoices and estimates from my phone. i don't use it for payroll.
. i am a quickbooks proadvisor. i started qbo and am getting used to it. the mobile app has really improved! thanks intuit. always love how you really care about what we experience.
c'mon, you know you need it. subscribe already. better than zoho or jobber. very organized and useful. such a time saver and it makes my company look 5 times more professional. recommended!
qb keeps getting better. great job on the most recent updates! makes business on the road so much better. thank you.
app. can not open quickbook app even after update.
improvements need to be in desktop version too. happy to have amount remaining automatically calculated in expense entries when splitting items between multiple categories! the online desktop version used to have this feature as well but went way with a recent upgrade, add it back please
fantastic software. a superb help to my business invoicing and payments are so easy to sendview and accept. easy to use and never had a problem.
keep getting stuck. this is the first time i am using this app and in keep getting stuck after every two, three transactions
. issue with app was directed in app to call quickbooks online customer service. no solution after being on the phone for 2 hours, they ended up calling android and at&t to try and fix the issue, which made absolutely no sense to me and got us nowhere. customer service has no clue about anything app related including when the password reset does not send verification code. i ended up having a different company to resolve the issue for me. below instructions solved nothing.
. good app does great now that you can do more with it!
so easy to use. quickbooks is simple to understand and has everything a business needs with easy access from any device. i love how simple it is to use and also can rest knowing there is help on the phone 'talking to someone in australia' if and when it's needed. it covers everything a business needs to run successfully. i wouldn't use anything else for my small business
good but.... very useful, but needs flexibility for budgeting and more reports. i do most of my work on my ipad so it falls short of desktop online version.
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
nexus 6p problems. still does not work on nexus 6. i'm trying to run a business this app use to make me efficient. now it sucks that i can no longer log in to upload receipts. i would give it zero if i could.
nice app!. i live on my device  from research to book keeping. elegant style and useful! i can do almost everything from my note 2! light years beyond the old quick books that i used 10 years ago! i'm sending invoices in minutes. awesome! update: still a great app on my nexus 6!
very easy to use. makes dealing with finances very straightforward even on the road. great interface and reports. recommended!
access. this app is great. it is so nice to be out in the field looking at a project and make an estimate right then and there while things are fresh in your mind. not to mention for the quick service call we are able to make our invoice right there and present it when we are complete with the work. aloha po'okela lawn service kailua, hawaii
not able to register my expense. most basic feature to register my expenses ia not there. i would have been nice to register my expense with sbap of bill as an attachment.
. worst billing app i ever had.. they give false promises before subscribtion. once the customer transfered money. no body will respond for our problems
cannot input supplier invoices you have to upgrade. bought quickbooks for our subsidiary business, input invoices, pay suppliers etc to find out you can’t actually input supplier invoices unless you upgrade! so from £11.99 a month to £18.99 a month just to input purchase, very odd
. this was almost my solution to doing invoices on the road. unfortunately, they do not allow pdf attachments when sending an email. i need to send a pdf not jpegs so until this option is added this app is useless for me.
not suitable. i was hoping to be able to manage qb from my ipad as if i had access to my qbo accountant tools. sadly not. back to the laptop to actually get my work done.
need improvement. it needs improvements so dont download untill it has updated
it gets even easier. i was horrified when i heard tax going digital but quickly got the hang of quick books and amazed it even tries to match things . brilliant
. until now i'm happy. i attached all my expenses and i can see how much money i have invested in by small business.
zero stars. it really surprises me that a big company like intuitquickbooks couldn’t come up with something that worked. the app is almost completely useless. i installed it, tried to do some basic stuff on it and couldn’t so i deleted it. please intuit you have to have someone that can build you a better app!!
. not intuitive. bad customer satisfaction services.
. as an accountant it is a handy app to have installed on your phone.
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
. this software has been critical in keeping track of invoices.
. it's a great app. i use it all the time with my company. very efficient, and easy to navigate. automatically logs out so no one else can get access to it ( logs out after being in active for a certain amount of time). making banking, estimate invoice, and employees records very easy to keep track of. also love that i can store customers an accept payment online also. only downside sometimes it can be slow but other than that it's outstanding
excellent accounting software. exactly meets my needs as an ecommerce professional. the reports are limited to pl and balance sheet, but that's is the heart of what you need. i've had it over 2 years now and love it.
works well on samsung note 2 & 4. i used the app mainly to create invoices when i'm out of the office. it's so awesome to be able to do this on the fly!
. the image quality of attaching receipts automatically downgrades and makes everything blurry. this renders the receipt image capture completely useless.
. when will you make a self employed app to go along with your web pages. this app doesn't recognize my self employed account.
. very user friendly and accessible
. this is a easy to use app and makes keeping track of finances easy i'm still having no problems using quickbooks and it just gets easier and easier . and if you need help the team is there , i recommend this especially if you have no real experience u swing an accounting system
. the reviews here are enough to completely switch me off. there's no way i could possibly give you guys money for a service that is clearly dysfunctional. the internet is littered, utterly littered with scathing and brutal truth from frustrated customers it's almost hard to believe. the sheer weight of numbers are irrefutable though. you guys clearly just don't care. wow.
what happened?. this app used to work perfectly. after the last update i can't use it how i used too. if they do not fix it soon i am going to have to look into other options
. game changer. invoicing and tracking expenses just got so easy. it's amazing, and i am only sad i didn't know about it sooner!
great app.. love the app, it's just what i need to do my work.
hostetler's construction llc. i love to be able to estimate from where ever i'm at without the computer , call customers from the quickbooks contacts . rexieve payments . all the time people want to know how or what i had quoted ,,, and its always at my fingertips ....
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
. nice concept but still have to buy additional app :(
great app. i love working with quickbooks i can take it with me anywhere i go and makes everything with my business that much easier. i have used other apps that were good but they didn't tie everything together like quickbooks. i highly recommend it.
. has potential but hasn't let me update any transactions since day one. tells me to try back in a few hours. not the best way to run a business budget. update: it's been a week and still broken. performed all the suggestions in the response article. update 2: yeah did email them like you asked. still waiting for a reply...
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
great accounting apps. great apps..
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use! still not working!
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
new update changed invoices. the app shuts down every time i get a signature!!
owner eleganttouchlimos llc. the best off best. quick book i ben used last 4 years the make my busnise everything easy. invoice custumer and recipts i like it thank you so much. good job
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
how bad????. i would love to write a review, but as i've been trying to get this app to log in to my online account for 5 months now it's going to be a little difficult. but not as difficult as trying to get any customer support for this app. i could write a whole book on how impossible that is. so so disappointed. no help with this problem what so ever. frustrated!!!!!
meh, no project profitability reports in the app. as a construction business all our accounting revolves around p&l reports per project. the onlinedesktop app gives us the project report but the app does not, which makes the app pretty much useless. our best solution is to login to our qbo account through safari on the phone to see the real time project profitability, shouldn’t the app do that?
. great app but wish it had access to customer notes and the ability to send a po to vendor
. need to integrate payroll and qb into one app. quickbooks payroll mobile app is not what expected. not sure why employees are not visible in qb's online mobile app.
this app is useless on android.. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless.
. this app doesn't allow me to sign in, so it's been useless.
just that little extra insight into what's going on.. really enjoy the overview access to invoices(my transactions). helps me to better manage what deals i have actively running and what's gone overdue. real estate agent.
best ap and program for home business. i trailed several other programs before quickbooks. it allows me to split an expense between personal and business which others wouldn't. the ap is easy to use and love that i can take a photo of the receipt. no more loosing receiptshaving them fade etc.
extremely disappointingfrustratingnon user friendly. qb online has been very disappointing. the quickbooks apps for ipad and iphone are incapable of accomplishing anything. it has been very very frustrating and i would not recommend.
latest update not working?. can't save payments or invoices now? kind of a critical thing for doing books on the go...
. poor font style selection, own style updation can't doing from qb support team, complaint registered more than one month. can you please refund amount?
very good app. :)
easy to use. as a small business i find this to be a fabulous experience of accounting software integrated across all my various devices. i feel far more in control of my books than any other format or program i have used before. highly recommend this to any mobile business.
no pdf attachment. 3 stars as the app only able to upload photo of the invoice, not other format. you need to understand that pdf is much small in size and more practical for mobile upload. as for photo, it is at least 3m nowadays and it took almost 1 min or 2 to finish the upload.please look into it in next upgrade
amazing!. this just made my life much more easier to manage my small business! well done!
app is useless. receipts and notes entered in the app do not show in the register online without additional steps. it doesn’t even show there is an attachment even though i selected show attachments in settings. so what’s the point. absolutely ridiculous in this day and age.
unable to see expenses as anything other than cash. even if i input it on my computer as credit card and i save it as such, on the app, it'll say cash. can't change it either
. i've downloaded this app, uninstalled it, and reinstalled it and it will not allow me to create an account. it continually signs me out and i have to reenter all my information. i'm giving up!
. very disappointed, missing 6 months of transactions from my bank, tried to fix it as i was instructed to but couldn't, you can't get someone to speak to, no customer service. big joke, i don't recommend it to anyone
brian peterson remodel. great app. wish i could attach pictures to estimates and invoices using my mobile app.
". was a good app. now it will not exit upon entering an expense. upon entering all the info and clicking ""save"" it stays on the same screen. if you hit save 5 times thinking it's not working it saves the expense 5 times. you have to back out and click don't save the transaction but it will be there. intuit  please fix it."
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
everything i need. the quickbooks app has met every one of my needs for my small handyman business. i love the ability to email customers estimates, invoices, and sales receipts while i am standing there with them. i have only been using the app for a little over a month but i feel good about my decision to go with quickbooks online.
. this is an awesome app. make my life so much easier!! it easy to use for my home business.
. excellent app
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. zero stars"
smart. smart move to have quickbooks for a small business owner. makes it easier to do my job  one man show !!!! ces lico
. the quickbooks app has saved so much time from my life! i can send invoices while i'm traveling, see how my business is doing in a few taps, and save receipts so i don't have to keep them in a file! many more features besides these. i love it!
"buggy, issues with sync. for some reason this app is constantly having connection issues for me. i get messages like ""transaction not accepted"". then i have to log into the desktop version to actually do the work. ok for a glance but not useful for productivity."
. this company is a joke they will not allow hempbased transactions it is preventing my freedom of doing business the fed has mandated banks take money on hemp transactions
. easy to navigate and perfect for small business owners!
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
the best invention since the wheel. i am extremely happy with quickbooks. i’ve owned restaurants for over 20 years, and i started using quickbooks about three years ago. what a nightmare it used to be doing paperwork. i could not live without quickbooks now to provide for me and my family and employees. the best investment i ever made.
how bad????. i would love to write a review, but as i've been trying to get this app to log in to my online account for 5 months now it's going to be a little difficult. but not as difficult as trying to get any customer support for this app. i could write a whole book on how impossible that is. so so disappointed. no help with this problem what so ever. frustrated!!!!!
new to app. am enjoying being able to automatically list expenses & add receipts as i go. other apps promised this but kept crashing. i feel that i can now better control my finances.
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) the hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. please fix.
business. great app
. use to like this app a lot but now it's been very glitchy and can't even enter anything into quickbooks.
useless. i am an avid qbo for ie customer for many years, but this ipad app is useless. can't do anything with it, and can not see banking info, the most important thing in accounting! if you want to view customervendor names that can be done, but you can't work in this app. view only.
unable to sync. all i get is errors about syncing. different phones. same problem. works great in my ipad, though!
. i'm locked out! unable to sign in we've noticed some suspicious behavior on your account. to keep information safe we have temporarily locked out your account from further access i spend hours on the phone with all kind of support guy no one was able to just unlock!this is going on more then a month and all those stupid customer support are just googling the issue. and not finding a solution just fix this! we are not playing guessing game here
update killed app for me!. used to love this app as i’m a paid subscriber, but the recent update doesn’t launch anymore. i’ve tried removing and reinstalling same result. iphone x.
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
not useful at all. this app was written by someone who does not understand quickbooks and its purpose. get back to basics please if this is to be used by us.
lacks expenses. one of the handiest things for me is logging an expense right when i buy it. can't do this as of now. (apparently this is a limitation of the canadian app)
great costumer service. i hope that they improve the app but so far so good. very satisfied with the product.
great app...does what it says.. just started to use, and i am loving it!
essential to running my business. this app is very helpful, highly recommended
great app. extremely easy to use and has made doing my accounts a much easier and enjoyable experience! would highly recommend!
. very useful app
. user for 2 years, samsung s8, app fails to load now. when it did work, it never showed historical customer transactions. never properly refreshed bank connections oh, you would have to go to the online portal and update first before you could use or see your transactions on this app. i'm pretty fed up at this point with this app, only thing i really wanted to do at this point was use the receipt scanning but i can't even do that now. uninstalled..
capturing expenses? approving transactions?. really nothing no support for the consultant on the go? why can't i shoot a picture of a receipt put a dollar value a catagory and a note and have it either for review or added to my expenses. what about my transaction list i can't see the same information from the full website here at all. throw us a bone man....
. still waiting on a transaction from last week. was told a lie. biggest mess i have ever seen. stay away from go payment . now it seems they kicked me off quickbooks from this bad review. way to go quickbooks
. great app but...... love this app. my only request is that they add the ability to do banking like recording deposits.
no longer works properly. since latest update i can no longer do anything in the banking section. i can’t accept or change any transactions.
. very effective app fkr my business, just starting to link in with using receipt bank to auto match the bills. happy recommend for small business, would ve nice to have mileage part of the self employed version included too.
application ios. bonjour, enfin l’application ios a quand les prochaines mise à jour ? 1 adresse d’expédition inexistant dans les factures et les devis ? 2 impossible accéder au facture qui se trouve dans les brouillons 3 impossible de rapprocher les opérations avec la banque en ligne 4 impossible de mettre des pièces jointe dans les factures et devis
. lets try its beat for small business highly appreciated this app every must have to use it .
pretty bad. they will lie about the processing time for electronic payments. also, the customer services is the worst you will get. after waiting 30 minutes on the phone, you will get a representative with english as a 5th language. good luck.
. this app is very useful for my shop for trak inventory item and gst purpose and more
completely useless for me. i need to receive payment by invoice number like i can do on the desktop and web version. this doesn't allow for that. useless.
not good. app and site are actually kind of bad. slow to load. not enough options. will try xero soon
great app!. great app!
. update 2020: since the last 2 updates, the app is broken now and does not work at all. can't log in, and just get a 'device appears to be offline' message.
it was barely ok to start with!. i had used quickbooks for several years and then went to the online version. i liked the features it had, but really didn’t like the 600.00 a year fee. for the most part it worked, but never all of the time. then when they raised the subscription price to 720.00 a year, that was it. i said good bye and found another program. no regrets!
the best invoice app. very simple to use and helps a lot! i recomend
customer search bar is gone. i can’t search for clients when i’m in the app. now i have to search and click in the left letters to get close to their name. i’m not able to search by phone number either. i’m very disappointed they made this change
. i operate two companies through the app and notice that suppliers and customers from one company end up being listed in the other! i would give more stars, but this is a glaring issue that needs resolving urgently.
limited company. absolutely brilliant. allows me to create and send clients invoices no matter where i am. without doubt the best accountsbusiness management system available. so simple to use and effective
qb app is useless. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either.
falta uma agenda. deveria ter um relatório, ou layout, que apresente as receitas e despesas de uma determinada data.
new version is slick. adding items in the new ui is simple and concise.
easy and super user friendly. first time user of this type of app but it was easy to set up. sent out my first invoice after 1hr already.
iphone app switching companies. thank you so much for adding the ability to switch companies without logging out!! more likely to utilize iphone app now on the go 😊😊😊
. it doesn't load new transactions to review ever, even if you're days behind. kinda pointless unless you're trying to just use it for previous reports.
iphone 11 fail. can’t get this app open on new phone. was never a problem before!
. using it for years no problems
great for start up. the app works great! i can do nearly all of my bookkeeping from my phone. if i need more detailed i just use my laptop! the monthly subscription is nice too!
. explain to me why i cannot screenshot anything any more? i have multiple customers that like to see their over all balance owed but now i can't send them a screenshot anymore. so you update the app to fix things, manage to mess up the one feature that worked best for me and still haven't fixed th spelling on the word supplies (it's literally spelt suppliea). great job!
. i just wanto cancel my trial before march 5th 2019
no mileage tracking. false advertising. the mileage tracking screen shot is from the self employed app, not the small business app
if you enjoy torture.... nothing ever just functions smoothly. i attribute half of my gray hairs and 15 points on my blood pressure to this program that almost works. oh, wait, there’s new information, save and lose your work.... again!
garbage!. they update the app and completely remove support for ios 8! i understand making a newer version only compatible with newer ios, but why block legacy users all together? it worked great on ios 8 before, now the same version of the app suddenly says i need to upgrade! i pay $30month for this garbage!?
app crashes on ios13.0 & 13.1. i’ve just updated the app and it’s still crashing on ios13.0 and also 13.1. i have tried to make contact with the developers via the support page but it also loads to blank pages after opening chat.
crashes on large invoice. works fine until you get a large invoice and then it slows down and or crashes
best quickbooks i have used.. this app does everything for your business it's quick it's easy and fast so i recommend this to anybody
works like it should. the app works like you would expect it to and i have nothing but good things to say about quickbooks support!
great program. quickbooks online has become the way we operate our business. it went from being an accounting system to doing work orders, job tracking and everything in between.
would rate 0 star if i can. only works in trial version. bought it 3 days ago and hasn't work since. i emailed customer support from both itunes and quickbooks with no help. keeps asking me to subscribe (when i already have). i couldn't use it. it's useless.
newuser. enjoying the switch from mac to online!
. excellent apps my enire business requirements are depending on the this app
vital for biz. makes it simple to analyze business from your phone.
. awesome app for lawyers
desperate for mobile. same as when i tried it in 2012. devoted qb online user, but this app is useless to me. this app may help sales people, but does nothing for management. no banking, no reporting, no transactions.
. great program, and getting better all the time.
qb. completely unusable since 6th september update. crashes all the time on latest ios please fix this.
. buggy, unusable basically.. can't create or edit an existing invoice.. keeps saying the terms not set and the dropdown for terms doesn't drop down with any options to select. other than being unusable, it's fine i guess.
excellent. really good app. carry your whole business in your pocket. 6 months of using it and it's excellent.
. very easy to use this program and sell explanatory. makes everything simple and painless.
all my financials in my pocket.. i use it everyday to keep up with invoices and payments. and i plan to use it internationally when we move overseas to keep my finger on the pulse of our transactions.
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
still does not allow entering employee time. the ability to enter employee time is a must for professionals that are on the road all day. other services like freshbooks already have this ability. until intuit makes this very important addition to the mould app, it does not deserve 5 stars!
. great with invoices and estimates on the go. and i can see our sales dashboard wherever we go.
worthless. i have never once been able to generate a p&l for a board meeting. the reporting function just does not work, which is the most useful part of accessing this program through a browser. also, even though i can enter a sales receipt, doing deposits from the + does not work and i am unable to make corrections that are relatively simple from the browser. this platform provides no service at all.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck. *tried clearing data, same issue."
not able to enter bills. i cannot on this app nor the mobile site enter bills or purchase orders!! its very bad because now payments cannot be entered from my asus padlaptop please update this asap!!!!!
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
great app for managing every business finance needs. i love most of the features available, really great app and ecosystem. this is truly what every startup and business owners should have to manage their business finance. on the cloud and available to use at any time.
very disappointed.. right now i'm looking for something that can run with my business. looking for more features less bugs and more useful.
so very useful!. i run a dog walking business and basically manage my entire business with my s4, this app and a printer. so easy to set up and maintain. i am very happy with quickbooks and would definitely recommend to others.
the best app ever. now we can run our business with this app.very convenient and easy to use.
it's definitely gotten better. but the service address and being able to input seperate service and invoice dates are absolutely essential functions for me and their absence from the app makes the whole thing more or less unusable!
great for my business. i use it to keep track of my customers. if i am not at my desk top computer, i still can let them know about their order.
. very helpful with running a small business. tech support is amazing!
such an awesome time saving app. this app saves so much time and effort for small business owners and probably business owners in general. would highly recommend.
works pretty good. latest update works pretty good. still do 90% of work on desktop but it had been useful to have access when i need it
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
. awesome app
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
quickbooks online. i wish the app was easier and more full functional but then the whole online product is sorely lacking relative to the old offline product. saas makes such a difference for smbs but intuit has missed the boat on the cloudbased solution. ugh!!
. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless. hello quickbooks how about a fix?
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
online is horrible.. it is so slow and printing invoices is terrible.
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
extremely limited. to be honest, this app does almost nothing i would want it to do. if all you want to do is record payments or call a business contactgreat. if you actually want to keep up with your business (banking, reports, employees, payroll, etc) on the go, this app is near useless. i can't imagine why you would pay to use this. even free i am deleting right away so it doesn't waste any more of my time or space.
. currently a subscriber to many quickbooks services. unfortunately, i am no longer able to access my account via the app on my mobile device after the latest update. will update my rating if the issue can be remedied
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
. the app has stopped working on my phone, i've been trying to log in for 2 weeks now and it constantly said the internet isn't connected, which it is. have sent an email via your contact details abs had no response regarding this issue.
garbage update. please test all your updates before releasing them to paying clients!!! invoicing issues, client search issues, expense issues, wth!!!
keep crush !. my iphone version is ios11.2.1. i can’t open this app. keep crushing. please fix asap.
suporte péssimo!!!. o suporte nunca resolve nada, fiz uma reclamação de bug sério a um ano e nunca foi resolvido, tentei contato essa semana pra ver se iriam tomar uma atitude mas a resposta é sempre a mesma “o time de desenvolvimento está trabalhando nisso, não temos acesso a eles e nem informações a respeito” então fica aí com o seus deuses do desenvolvimento que eu em 2020 eu parti conta azul!!!
. great app
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
. terrible app, customer service is a joke with no follow up. switching to a different accounting software.
doesn't refresh data, data is inconsistent. doesn't refresh data, data is inconsistent
excellent app for small biz on the go. invoice from anywhere. super easy.
top notch. this app works great, easy to use after i played around with it for a bit. very convenient and quick to use.
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
. great tool for a service business! create an invoice and get paid all at the job site in one easy app
. not nearly as useful as the desktop version very weak app. still needs tons of improvement
mobile app yes. i love being able to use the mobile app for quickbooks. you can't do everything you can online but it's great being able to knockout some tasks on the fly and i can show results in an instant, which is a good motivator.
easy and effective. very easy and convenient, would just like if they add the ability to create a purchase order to suppliers from the app.
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
good for on the go business#. great app for mobile business. lacks some of the functionality of desktop version. i like the way i can record every transaction on the go, even invoices and payments. i don't like the fact that you can run only one business per subscription. much to expensive to pay separate for subscriptions if you have more than one business.
app keeps crashing. keeps saying the session is over when i sign in and logs me out
. slow app but super useful
quickbooks. they added the ability to sync with quickbooks online, so finally made this app great
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
complete garbage. does nothing but give me an error when trying to sign in... fix your crap qb! followed your instructions to uninstall then reinstall.. still does the same thing...
helpful. it's a very convenient app, i use it all the time and it's been the best!
qbo online (android). overall an effective and efficient application; and the price was a little cheaper through google play then through intuit online. the only function i wish was there is the mileage tracking, as it is in the qb self employed.
. excellent just sometimes login doesnt register
poor service, poor quality product. this product is the worst i have had to deal with. service is non existent, the app is constantly in errors, backing up is slow, the system does manual and not by the operator, everytime the + symbol is used it closes the app. my accountant doesn’t even like the system. i have loaded, unloaded and reloaded the app so many times it’s no longer a joke. quick books tells me they fixed the fault, like never.
. grid great app need estimates though n e one know how to do that other than that great app very easy
only a trial. would have been nice to know it was a trial only, i saw the in app purchase option but no where did it say trial.
i like it. best app for your small business
most of the buttons don’t work anymore. how could you make something this bad? buttons like accept transfer do not work. if this this was any more of a dog, it would shed. wake up and fix this over priced piece of poop!
mr david prince. great app. i use it all the time on my phone and tablet.it works seamlessly with qbo. invoicing, receipts, checking my account, giving it to my bookeeper all easy and on the go. i couldn't do without it now.
. quickbooks makes my life so much easier for writing amd sending estimates and invoices. there are so many other things that quickbooks can do that im slowly learning. im writing so many estimates and getting so much work from easier estimate and invoice writing its really hard for me to get the time sit down amd learn everything else quickbooks has to offer.
update. it takes a few days to update itself with my online account...
shoameli. very good for my company on the go i have all i need maybe a catalog will be even better!
. since they changed the app its not working properly nothing appears on the dashboard and can't produce invoices
great app but needs banking. this app is great since the last major update, but all i want now is to do my banking on it too.
best app for business. let's me do all my work on the go
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
amazing app!!!!. love quickbooks and also the app. excellent layout design. just one thing is needed. please allow the app to support touchid for the login process. this would be just the best update ever! thanks
great mobile app, but it has a mind of its own. i've found the ability to work remotely as a great plus for estimates, electronic invoices and checking customer records. i have just had issues with downloaded deposit amounts and matching for reconciliation. automatic entry into register has to go!
bad customer services to cancel. struggling to get the right information on how to cancel before getting charged as i'm using other software now. been contacted twice with the wrong info.
excellent once setup. i run my whole business on quickbooks. it was a little tricky to set up initially but once my bookkeeper had given it the once over, everything was perfect. great stock management system that ties in to the invoices and hooks in with the business bank account. this makes self assessments etc very easy and saves loads of time. very happy :)
. does it need an internet connection?
can't log in.. it worked with my old phone. since i upgraded to an lg g5, i can't use it.
. app didn't work and it took two bad reviews before i got the right help. thanks for contacting me. i'll try the app a little more and see if it deserves a better rating
. very poorly designed app. with alot of limitations for a mobile device. i would strongly recommend finding another service.
great. does everything i need it to do onsite. kinda wish it looked more like the tablet version though
". does not sync to account. on the home screen it shows i have invoices that are overdue from customers, but when you click on it, it says ""congratulations, no overdue invoices."" useless app"
poor. say they can transfer info from sage into there software, no they can’t if you use stock codes what a waste of time.
. quickbooks is amazing! this program and app has made our small business easy, organized, and is the main hub of our online customer service and accounting!
crashes. the app just crashes as soon as it starts to load. don't waste your time downloading it.
. sucks. cant login. all intuit apps are broken. support takes weeks to respond. i going to cancel my monthly service and go with a different accounting software. longtime customer but no longer.
". not free as advertised. 30 day cinderella ware. fine, but they should clearly state that. i was impressed until after setup they informed me. my bad; l should know better. their advertising says it's good tho. uninstalled b4 review. ""while it isnt free"" it said it was free."
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
great app. like it.
still needs some changes. multiple addresses for a company is still a drama as it changes all pervious invoices and quotes. plus now on the ipad version it says i can't access until subscription is paid but it is.. works on computer but can't use my ipad. annoying!!!
i looking. hai friends my name is navas abdulla i'm looking some software live sales report ..in store sales promotions company ..any one can to suggest any live sales, report software for sales promoters www.qmpromotions.com it's my website qmpromotions@gmail.com
. amazing app . makes my business bookkeeper free. defo recommend
. seriously? this is the best you can do? ! so limited on basic functions. *updated review nice try quickbooks on the reply...no, your laughable update is ridiculous! not to mention the mobile device website lockout to access via mobile browser.... taking away another star for bad public relations. welcome to 1996 if you try to rely on this app for your 2014 business.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
easy to use. i found it very convenient to use from anywhere i m
user friendly. this app is simple to use, easy to grasp, and professional in presentation.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
useful app. adds a lot of useful abilities to your mobile device. i'm not a heavy user of it, but i have not had issues with it for months using the basic features.
easy to use. the quickbooks app is quick and easy to use.
five stars!. has helped out tremendously when it comes to my business. it makes it so much easier to use then the paper receipt books. it helps me stay organized and keeps me updated to the second. thanks quickbooks!
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
worst app update. after updating the recently, app is crashing. unable to login
. great app, easy to use, very helpful and profesional
give me a refund. i hate this app it’s trash an i want my money back !!!
. this app has changed the way i do business for the better. i can update invoices, check profit reports, and so much more very easily.
not impressed with this software. i am not able to add my bank account.
should of bought it ages ago. such an easy to use app and system, back up support were quick precise and friendly. well done quick books
so easy to use!. i really like the flexibility of this app. i found it easy to set up and get started with only a small learning curve. i have the ability to use this app on the go with whichever device i have available; using my phone, tablet or laptop it really makes it the perfect software to run my very busy business and life. the fact that it's online and i can access it anytime anywhere is awesome!
. easy to work with, fast, and email integrated for invoicing is smooth. wish i had more control over forms to make look like mine. but great app really.
. works good for me in the field! i am grateful to have this free mobile app.
easy to use. great app! gives me most things i need to know on the go. however, i wish it would show me revenueexpense charts.
cant login. every time i try to create an account it says this id already exists. no matter which one of my email addresses i use it gives me the same message. then when i reset the password on my main email address the try to log in, it says no account with that id exist. help!!!
great mobile app. perfect for my mobile power washing company as all my customers and estimates are available at the touch of a button no matter where i am!
very useful!. this app allows me to send clients a sales receipt as soon as they hand me the cash, invaluable when visiting clients.
user friendly. it's like working from a regular laptop or computer. sync is done immediately and i can do any transactions anywhere. i love it!
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
disappointed. i work a lot with the browser version of qbo which is really excellent. unfortunately, the ipad version is far from good... when we talk about cloudconnected application, i expect to have the same functionalities whatever is the system used. wrong design...
great app overall. great improvement to the app. can pull up a lot of information on demand. still need some better viewing of bank register on the app. also need to be able to click on expenses in p&l to drill down into the detail. still a great app, but areas to improve.
"quick books is the bombdiggity!! ya heard!. as a small business owner it saves me time, click, picture of the receipt, click and the expense is logged in real live time. no more saving piles and piles of receipts. it also pin point tracks your expenditures. it's the ""bombdiggity""!"
. make estimates easier highly recommended
crashes, not usable, nexus 5x. crashes and no longer usable on a stock nexus 5x on android 6.0.1. app is now useless to me on my phone which is a major problem.
. great app, handy, easy to use and covers most of the important tasks on the go
all is a life saver. great support team even if you can't figure it out yourself
awesome app. quick books is really an awesome app. links up to accounts quickbooks payments. i can access from all my devices. it’s really versatile. you can make great estimates as well. emailed invoices and estimates look very professional.
horrible. crashes every time. horrible customer service. move on to another app.
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
. app takes forever to load on my one plus 5t. will not load banking feed to organize payment catagories. man, for how much we pay for this service, you would think it would have a rocking app....
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
very good mobile app. i use this on my computer and when i noticed that there was an app for android, i immediately installed it on my tablet and phone. a must have if you have a mobile business or have to give invoices on the go.
works for me. just wish i could do deposits in app
app problems. app keeps crashing haven’t been able to create invoices for days
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
great app. i've been a qb user since the early 90's. the app keeps getting better with greater functionally. i'm confident that all functions will be available on the app in future release. i use this app all day to create estimates and bill customers. it's great.
bad update. befoe you used to record bank feed but no more! this update ruined the quickbooks app
. hasn't worked on my android phone for over a week. says error syncing data and rarely loads historical info. lost ability to photo invoices and seems to have lost tax settings as always wants to create them despite setting this up and using for 7 months now. support says they are aware and working in it for a week now
be careful. i loved this app for 10 months. then an error occurred and i lost access to my business. only cost me $200 for one time fix. for $600 i could have purchased a 3 month fix. the risk exceeds the benefit.
ceo. this is a really good app it has help our business in so many ways. it help boost our profit margin we have been able to close deals, and make invoices right on the spot. i recommend this for a lot of different business with quickbooks online.
i'm in to it. no doubt i will perfect my finances with this app! worth subscribing
balance sheet. seem like they can’t fix having proper information on the chart of acct balances. it sends an error when you click on an acct. other than that the app is convenient
don't bug me for reviews. the title says it
love it. easy to use and reliable. customer love the fact that they can sign the estimate and invoice.
. as stated on my previous review,, i have tried every method including the ones quickbooks suggest and i still cannot find an unsubscribe button anywhere, this is very frustrating and ironic in the fact this app is ment to save you time, i spent half a day trying to unsubscribe to this with still no joy , last result to phone the number which does not work over a weekend.
overall ok. if you have an issue good luck getting a hold of customer support. freezes up at least once a week and sometimes i can’t get into my invoices. for what i am paying for i expect more
excelente aplicación. tengo un negocio de control de plagas y esta aplicación me a permitido realizar cotizaciones y facturas mientras estoy fuera de la oficina.
great app. i have been using quickbooks for about a year now. it's has been a major asset to my business. it made filing my taxes quick and easy too.
great app. it is what it is. it an app. it won't have all the features of a computer and you should not expect it to. does exactly what i need it to in the field.
excellent. intuit quick books is an extremely important account program which my business is built around, and the application is the cherry on top, enabling me to complete accounting on the go. absolutely excellent application.
. the app use to work fine but since last month i can not update any invoice in the app. it keep givig me error unable to edit. there was adding this invoice. if this problem continues please call customer care. i have uninstalled and installed saveral time no luck.
great app. what a great app and ease of access across all platforms.
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
. love that i can send invoices from my phone!
business on the run. quickbooks online with the ios app make operating a travel based business on the run simple. log invoices as you go. input estimates along the way. print and mail or email all at once at the end of the day. not to mention the helpful reports and expense management. i couldn't run my business without it.
needs more bank options. this app doesn’t support my bank (becu) si in that case it’s worthless to me. please refund my money thank you!
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎"
. great service and app interface.
crash books pro. this terrific app asks you every few minutes to rate their program knowing that you want to tell the world how you can't send out an invoice without the app crashing. *update* i am having more issues with the app then ever. i can only assume quickbooks is either more useless then i thought. or they are retaliating for my review of their product. i have never had any program work this bad and i have worked it.
. the app syncs at install and the will not afterwards. this is probably the most important aspect of an app...to keep data in sync. do not waste time with this app. first delight, then ongoing frustration. terrible.
former intuit betatester. i love this program and like to see how far intuit has come these past few years...you may think i am biased, however, i use the program and love it...keep up the good work all. addendum: it is my pleasure to help with a program that i helped to take from a boxed prgm to a widely used online tool. you are most welcome. i will try to help and make suggestions as necessary.
. i have not been able to log into the app. i keep receiving an error message indicating i need to install the latest version, but it is already installed. i even attempted uninstalling and reinstalling, to no avail.
better than desktop. used to use desktop version of quick books which unless you were an accountant was near impossible for the average person to use. qb online is so much more user friendly!
. very user friendly
app does not support multicurrency. it’s 2018. apps have been around for quite a while now. if your qbo account has multiple currencies enabled, you can’t use this app for banking. seriously, wtf?
how... to switch companies in this app?
quickly. quickbooks online is ready to use. i write invoices and email the customer a copy immediately. thanks quickbooks for being so easy to use.
. very usefull app
. won't update data. data is 137 days old and counting. refreshes don't help and uninstallingreinstalling is a waste of time. thanks for nothing.
pretty good. the app allows you to record expenses on the go as they happen. nice to be able to balance the books as you go along instead of waiting until you are back at your computer. :)
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
. very happy with this program an app hats off to u for such an awesome buisness solution
. overall it's a good app. just a few things i'd change.
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
“critical updates”. face id does not work. every time i try it tells me there are critical updates and i need to log in again. there are no updates, and it tells me this every single time.
better than desktop version. easier to use than computer version. much faster. very efficient. excellent for companies on the go.
. this app is now horrible, it was great up until latest update and now i am unable to run my business using this app. very frustrating when an app takes steps backwards please help????
needs a lot of work. needs the ability to update bank accounts from the bank, as for now it only syncs with updates made on my windows or mac computers. needs access to all reports available. i had hoped this app would be a full version substitute when a laptop or desktop computer is not available.
beautiful, so simple.. really great app.
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
"divine couch. i'm running a small business called ""divine couch"" and quickbooks has helped me with the day to day accounting tasks like quotes, invoices and receipts, it's been a true charm. i would recommend quickbooks to all small to medium business owners."
. great app. life gets easier.
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
. great app
no bills. has great functions except cannot enter billsinvoices from vendors.
refund made impossible. i’ve been making payment on this stupid app not using it at all. there’s no easy way to refund or unsubscribe this stupid app. who do i bring the attention to since quickbook site says they have nothing to do with the billing and subscription?
slowly losing my business. i'm about tired of this app not functioning properly. embarrassing to say the least when i have a customer trying to pay their bill and i can't even connect to quickbooks online server. none of your apps are working as advertised. $25month for what again?
. service sucks.
. simple, effective accounting, easy to understand and tweak to personalise.
awful program. glitchy... no help at all from customer service, i paid my fee and they used it to open a new account instead of paying for the one i had. “unable” to refund me... i spent three hours on the phone today with three different people, absolutely no help, no service, no one has any idea what the hell they’re doing, a very poorly run company. disappointed
ez modern business book keeping. i love this app program... it's very ez to apply it with your business services.. download it 2day!
. great app. takes a bit of getting used to, but once you are it's really easy
3 stars. doesn't do everything i would like it to do but overall pleased with this app.
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
". you broke the app!!! can't attach pdfs to invoices anymore!!! it litteraly worked yesterday, and today a ""new"" interface. make a deal with adobe and fix it now!!!"
. easy to use and navigate. makes business life so much easier
. after some training it is clear that quickbooks is an invaluable tool for business. after using other cloud invoicing software who have either not covered my needs or have closed down i would hope that qb will be around for the long haul . downgraded by 1 star because the recipt capture isnt quite as good as another app i had .
slow and buggy. disappointed in app. doesn't correlate well with desktop version. slow to load information and sometimes won't update accounts.
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
. no option to cancel subscription! don't subscribe!
. this app is just perfect. simple and easy to use and anyone without any accounting background can easily adapt to use it. 👍
glitches. app has lots of glitches. try to create an invoice and it was not working. quickbooks has been awesome up to this point. i run my whole business through quickbooks in this new update has been a disappointment. should've left it alone!
. so glad we didn't pay for xero. qb does everything we need and is user friendly for techderps like myself.
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes. in response to the developer: it seems i have to reinstall it every day just to get it work. i have been doing this fix for a long time and it still does not resolve the locking up or crashing problem.
no more bank sync?. used to be able to sync to bank in qbo. please bring it back! 37 did refresh but still no bank tab like in qbo with balance?
inutil. me encanta qb pero la app me parece inutil, no puedo ver bancos ni cuentas por cobrar o pagar, y para cambiar de empresa tengo q salir y volver a entrar. mejor usar la pagina web.
useless. can not load. i have a brand new iphone. i have tried to log onto qb at home, at work & without wifi at all. i have never been able to log in. it always says downloading company info and just keeps loading. i never get in.
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
great app!. i was using quickbooks pro desktop 2013 before going to online 2016. all i can say is wow! i never realized how much i was missing. reconciling expenses with automatic bank and credit card transaction downloads can be done on my phone anywhere and anytime. no need to log into bank and manually download. huge time saver. also keeps me up to date on my finances with great reporting built in and at my fingertips.
update. please fix soon app opens and closes after update.
. the app always crashes on me, and now i can't even get it to open.
helpful app 😊. so far very satisfied with this app. able to record expenses and deposits on the go and quickly. less time spent doing tedious book work. two thumbs up! 👍🏻👍🏻
stopped working on samsung galaxy s6. never had a problem with the app till about 3 weeks ago. it stopped working on my samsung galaxy s6 for no reason. i'm a small business that's on the road a lot and need to be able to send invoices on the spot. please fix it.
great app. i was only half way pleased with the app before. but with the new upgrades and changes, it is almost fully functional! it is so nice to be in a meeting with my partners or accountant or client and be able to look up data on my iphone. so worth it... i love it!!!!!!!
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
convenient. moving to quickbooks online plus has been a great move. there was a small learning curve but it is very stable and now we're very happy that we made the change. the best part is using the app on my iphone
stuck in data download. can't open app on ipad or iphone. stuck in a data download loop. support says there are no known issues, what a joke.
excellent on the go apps  for small business. easy to navigate .
good but could be better. i mainly use browser based interface while this android app syncs well to give me a quick overview when i'm out and around. but i do miss the features like overview money bar and bank feed. hope these can be added in the near future. from a qboa australia user.
. great software . still learning.
easy to use and great features. i moved to quickbooks after trying xero, and find it at least as good for my needs and much better value. good foreign currency support, which is important for me.
jp contractor. great app for full business functionality and ease of use. price is a a bit high
jason marquez. this app according to me is best as it's not that complicated and makes my business easy, i've not used any other accounting app so i consider this very easy for any layman who is not very good in accounting. it could have had few more options like individual job closing so to get more accurate and decrease the paper work.
stuff always wrong or glitchy. seems every time i turn on quickbooks by pc or mobile app, something doesn't work! never buy online version, it sucks
brilliant app. makes running a business a lot easier.
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
it's gotten a smidgen better. i want to be able to edit deposits and click on numbers in the reports to see details and edit things.
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
zenith. great app for small biz
the best app ever!!!!. there's no word i can use to describe this app. this is the best app i've ever seen. the functionality and the ease of use on iphone is amazing. 95% of my daily transactions are done on my phone. i love this app. good job intuit. no app does it better.
. useful
pas mal !. application très conviviale — me sauve plusieurs heures de pénible saisie comptable par mois. quelques petites fonctions additionnelles permettraient une utilisation encore plus conviviale, comme le fait de pouvoir par défaut définir des taxes (qui sont, dans 95% des cas toujours la même chose) au lieu de devoir spécifier le tout chaque fois...
after ios 13 update. after updating to ios 13 the app is not opening and i couldn’t use it.... please look into it and give us a solution
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
excelente. es una app genial me a facilitado el trayecto administrativo un 100%
frustrating. very difficult to use. setting it up was a nightmare
. kind of a rip off, squares a lot better allows the same things and you don't have to pay a monthly cost. and you don't have to pay for customer support for square. could be for other people just not for me.
. pretty good app.
. great app. i love it
. this apo no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
great app. saves me a lot of time. very fluid with payments and bank transfers.
love this app. works great and i can navigate and make invoices and track everything in one app! i love it
. since adding 3rd party, quickbooks has locked its own app from being able to communicate or work properly with it self. re installed 4 times. have 3 deposits top collect today and no way to record them. all for several thousand dollars. useless application... costing me money...
terrible app. quickbooks is a terrible app on my iphone & my ipad. it's not even a good program on my computer. it's extremely limited & each update does nothing to improve it. if there was another accounting system i could use, i would.
. works very well for how i use the app within my business.
amazing. i haven't seen smart accounting software like this 👍🏼
limited. desktop app for mac is brutal slow. mobile apps ok but limited graphic reports
rubbish with ipad. awful user experience working on ipad. and no consistency with menu options when using mobile and web app. it’s like using 2 different applications.
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
so far so good. i've been using the app for a week and love it so far. i find it extremely easy to make invoices in the field, and also very convenient to accept payments.
almost perfect. just missing two things, send invoices by text, fax, edit or view notes online
review. love quick books but feel very much alone when it comes to new stuff or thinks i need help with it would seem to me that qb think that everyone as the same knowledge level as they do and a diary like the original one with barclays bank would be very useful
great app. intuit is rewiting the eay we do accounting and genera finance for small companies, keep it ip
not quite what i'm looking for. after the invoice2go update disaster, i read a lot of good things about this app. sadly it fell short of expectation as i was unable to change the invoice number, which i would think was a pretty basic requirement. advice on the internet seems to relate to an older version of the app as the information did not relate to what was on the screen. i won't be utilising my free trial, nor will i be subscribing.
easy and efficient!. the app serves perfectly to capture transactions on the go, snap a pic and enter amount and accounts then review later if needed on a computer. simple, some people expect this to be fully functional for some reason; if you need a fully functional program then you really should have the appropriate expenses towards computers and software anyways. this app makes the book keeping process easy as cake for clients and the accountant.
love this app!. this has solved my issue of remembering to create invoices after the service. so far i am loving this app :)
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
. extremely happy with qb online. from invoicing to expense tracking to customer payments via electronic check or credit cards all at my finger tips. any device 247365. best business decision for accounting needs.
. quickbooks technical support is very bad and technical support dont know about how to customised form of bill and showing in their theam but donot show in my bill how to solve it thay don't know ..... and my network speed is 5mbps but opening quick books need time 10  20 minutes to open ... i don't recommend any one for supscription or purchase .... this is a overall very slow software
". signed up, gave cc info, created account, password etc. system then froze, gave me no confirmations and started billing me. spoke with the ""chat help"" which is people who can't spell common words or understand english. they were unable to cancel my account. now i have to through mastercard to get my money back. thank god my business is not dependent on this ancient software."
***** updated latest.. very useful.
love this app. qbo is indispensable in running my business.
. best app ever i used
. conforme já relatado por outros usuários, o app oferece uma promoção de r$13,99. porém ao efetuar a compra o valor é quase r$50,00... engana na propaganda então já parto do princípio que o restante pode não ser bom!
. i was finally able to utilize this valuable resource. it has simplified writing estimates. the more time you invest in filling in your information, the easier and useful this resource becomes. thanks and god bless
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
easy. works when i need it to
. an absolute must for small business.. and seek advice from tech support before assuming. functionality isn't there. ive had no problems... gives me confidence in my books
no backup. i no longer needed the software so cancelled. but, once they stop collecting your money, they destroy your financial records. this then makes it impossible to do your taxes! unless you have a backup or regularly download the records, it will screw you over. i contacted them and they basically said, you lose! canadian law requires them to maintain your records for seven years!
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
do not update to ios 13. if you rely on the app, don’t update to ios 13 until they make it compatible. it crashes on startup after face id.
stops working too often!. not a bad way to do your estimates in the field and send out invoices but your app stops working way too often for us company wide!!!
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
. can't connect my bank account. please fix this error. i have to manually put my expenses in the app because when i try connecting my bank account i always get a pop up saying an error occurred.
quickbooks online. efficient, easy to use, paperless. i love it! i had some help with set up from erin walsh, of quickbooksrx, and my new practice was ready to go in one day. i love the way the related apps, such as gopayment, work seamlessly together and that i can track from my phone, tablet or computer.
. the app is great when it works! it took 3 times of deleting and reinstalling to get it to work again. but its working perfctly again.
great way to get my money in and estimates out.. really happy quickbooks enables me to work anywhere creating on the spot estimates and invoices making my cash flow work better for me. great app
great tool!. does everything i need for a small business in a convenient format.
. useful
simply outstanding. i'm floored by the convenience and utility of this app. good work, intuit!
love it. makes life so much easier
. nearly worthless... it isn't userfriendly, most times doesn't work, and can't easily search for items.
great for mobile small business !. we couldn't live without our quickbooks online mobile app! look up information and match bank transactions right away. would like to see more functionality for customer and vendor invoicing and billing options as well as filtering but overall a great, easy to use tool.
needs lots of work. very hard to use app. many options are hidden or unavailable so you are stuck and wind up doing the work through a browser instead
bad program. won't send estimates and invoices. buisness cash flow has been screwed up.
excellent for businesses in the go!. quickbooks is easy to use and the app allows me to create transactions, view balances and customer information wherever i am. i also love that i can take a photo of a receipt and categorize it on the go.
. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless. hello quickbooks how about a fix?
best app for small business. i love it, it's so easy and quick to use. it's become a life saver for me.
jordan hugo ,. i'm young and in business , only small but this app is perfect for tracking my expenses and sending quotes off. highly recommend.
confused. unlike using my laptop to filter purchases, payments, and deposits the app is extremely confusing and when purchases are made you cannot view them live or even see previous ones, instead i have to spend a lot of time logging them in. i purchased the quickbooks online through my laptop in hopes that the app would make my accounting easier by using my phone, as i do not have time to constantly log into my laptop. the app is too time consuming and confusing.
. nice app, would be 5stars but seem unable to wages
sad. please bring back the mobile app. the online needs improvements. going back to spreadsheets thank you qb.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
. very close to cancelling my subscription as app doesn't work. after adding 45 receipts i get an error message that my request cannot be added and i should call customer support. have tried reinstalling clearing cache signing out and nothing works permanently very frustrated
more details... really.. i'm sick of the standard review response... send more details. i haven't even downloaded this yet. but i get the message: login problems. what's so hard about that.
does not work with ios 13. beware!. crash on launch when using it on ios 13.
"awful app... can't even sign in. migrating to qb online so thought app would be great.. wrong! app won't sign in and reports 'communications error' in addition, it's not compatible with my 8"" tablet running android 5x  come on intuit  sort it out"
great way to get my money in and estimates out.. really happy quickbooks enables me to work anywhere creating on the spot estimates and invoices making my cash flow work better for me. great app
mr.. brilliant program, cost efficient and very accessible.
won’t interface to bank any more. after several months since my bank kicked qb out of accessing my bank account for reconciling, the problem still remains. accessing my bank account and reconciling all transactions over my iphone was my number one reason to use qb. still disappointed. i have to pay a bookkeeper to do my books with qb now. why can xero have bank access but qb can’t sort itself out after several months !
multiple crashes. multiple crashes when trying to add expenses on the iphone.
. the best they have really improved on the app. definitely worth the money.
. i initially had some issues with quickbooks, but they've since improved quite a bit. i love it! it's the most efficient way for me to send invoices and collect payments.
. great experience
. i love this app.
. very slow to load and often locks up.
. great app
. would be a 5 star is the mobile app scanned and allowed multi page receipts and used ocr to recognize amounts categories etc to short data entry
. great app! i can look things up on the go. very important for my business.
does not work after update. tech support recommended i get a android. claims apple is the problem.
was great and then they updated it. i loved this app when i first got it. i used it all the time for 5 months strait, and then they 'updated' it. now, it's awful. i don't see any of the new features and it is buggy beyond belief. please go back to the older version. this is a joke.
great app & program  must improve search engine. fantastic program with brilliant features. it does need some urgent fixes. one being to be able to search through an account such as cash sales and be able to find a name, address or phone number.
great app. been with quickbooks for two years now and still really impressed very easy to use and works across all platforms would strongly recommend
easy and interlink. quick book is easy to use and able to interlink between my office pc with smart phone, ipad as well as bank accounts. it is making our accounting procedures easy.
fantastic. easy to use on all my mobile devices. makes small business operations much easier when you cannot afford office staff.
awful app, won't open. app was working fine until a few days ago. reinstalling doesn't fix it. app opens and a second later disappears. not good for people trying to do their accounts.
easy!. this tool is really awesome!
. good app perfect
. very graet app
. very professional app
excellent. very sleek design yet powerful features. saves me so much time and bank feeds prevent mistakes. very happy!
doesn’t work like the app on a pc. the fact that the apps are not the same on a pc than on the ipad or mobile is frustrating. can’t see running totals on the register, can’t add transactions the same way, etc. and the kicker is the website version doesn’t work at all on the ipad, can’t scroll through the register because scroll bars are absent in chrome or safari. horrible adaptation and makes the ipad useless to conduct accounting business with quickbooks...
app glitch. other than the recent app glitch all is good.
. i don't like to forcefully create account first. without using application how can i create account. other apps like this type providing use without login so why you requires login first???
. very logical and functional software,.
love it. very simple you use and looks professional, only think i’d say is don’t let your trail run completely out before you buy because it won’t instantly be back up and running takes a few days
. easy to use app. does basic invoicing like it should. i wish i could get more detail for my costs with the online version like i can with the desktop version.
. it's a great app for any business. easy to use and your data could be accessed any where you are.
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
crash. your latest update is crashing. it doesn't let me open the app. please fix immediately
great app but missing some things. i think this is a great start to the quickbooks app! it is clean looking and well organized. you are able to enter in or download transactions, refer to client information and many other things. my only complaint is that you cannot reconcile any accounts in the app. i would love to be able to reconcile. it would get 5 stars from me if the app could do that.
. excelente app para llevar las finanzas del negocio.
. very convenient app. makes business much easier.
ideal for small business. very user friendly and i phone friendly too
. i would rate the app 5 stars if you could trust that the info was accurate. i have, so many times, quoted customers their balance on my route only to discover that it is missing invoices. it appears that this app is virtually worthless as recent invoices are never uploaded to app.
. stress free app
. haven't dug deep into the options available, but thus far my experience has been very good.
be careful. when printing invoices from the app it has a tendency to eliminate parts of the billing address. scary.
slow. can be great and convenient but it can also be very slow (just like the online version). won't always let you edit invoices through the app.
. good program overall, just wish i could run both my companies on it like i did on the quickbooks pro software without having to pay for an all new license.
. leaks your info to several malicious ip addresses. including facebook. sad but true. (no root firewall app)
. great app to have if you starting your own business, you need to have this app. you can keep track through laptop, tablet and phone. you can make it as simple as you like or as detailed you want to be! awesome!
. great app
. not all customer payments showing on android, on iphone was no issues except some crashes from time to time and signing out by itself.
. great app
amazing product. great product for a small company. combining quickbooks online with the phone app is a great tool. being able to look up customers, create invoices, email invoices anywhere you want. i am also excited to be able to pair qb online payment with this also. all in all it's a great product for a great price so many things you can do with it.
great app. i run my one person business on quikbooks and i am not a detail person. my clients comment all the time on the ease of payment!! love it love it
excellent program. we are extremely happy with this program, it has made our company administrators live so much easier.
. love the invoice function on this app
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
. so far keeps my books together and have no problems with using it!
. good app
great app. user friendly. simple and intuitive!
. ok app email invoice doesn't work version 3.8 been unable to send invoices via email for over a week now.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. dont bother if you dont have access to pc or laptop.basic features like editing customer email is not available on mobile devices including tablets.if an invoice isnt sent because the recipient email address sends it back,you have no way of knowing that an error has occurred even when attempting to check via any web browser.caused me £1000's of cashflow headache. contacted customer support,got a nonsensical response.made it sound like the problem is an actual feature of the app and software.
. most of the times search for customers, invoice numbers, amount etc doesn't works. keeps on saying something went wrong!!! please get sortout this issue urgently.
. i got this to sync with my online account and it doesn't. also it won't let me add a sales tax. and so what's the point if i hafta enter everything into separate accounts.
great tool. this app helps me keep track of my business finances and at the click of a button i can see who owes me money or who i owe money to. really useful!!
. started using it a week ago... so far so good
easy enough to use, works best with the online version. i'm only using this for the basics of bookkeeping, so it's enough for me. the functions in the app is different than the online version, so i mainly use it to take pictures of invoices. i enter an invoice online, then snap a picture of the invoice using the app. i also use the app to quickly get a monthly total per supplier, which the online version doesn't have.
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
not that good. only useful if you want to look something up quick as it is missing tons of features from the desktop site. will be using it no problem for a few minutes then it will log me out and ask for my password all over again.
cool app. very convenient, i'm yet to use it to its fullest, but i love the way it alerts me to payments i need to make or should have received. very happy.
. often doesn't work. customer service tells me not to use the app, to access account from web browser. the numbers you get there may be undependable. don't trust it.
great app. makes life easy. one addition will make it perfect. add journal entry to the app.
great app!!. just switched from quicken, and i don't know why i waited so long. qb is very versatile and comprehensive.
. error code 132.100 quickbooks doesnt even have a fix for it. customer service has no clue as to what they are doing. i like paying for software that i can't use
. good experience
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
highly recommend for startups. qbo does everything that i need it to. it is a great dashboard to see where i am at, with the ability to add details to all of my transactions.
great for the business owner on the go. i love this app. it allows me to stay in the know with all of my offices finances.
. very close to cancelling my subscription as app doesn't work. after adding 45 receipts i get an error message that my request cannot be added and i should call customer support. have tried reinstalling clearing cache signing out and nothing works permanently very frustrated
user friendly but. this program is extremely user friendly and makes book keeping easy for small business owners but the cost of doing payroll for employees is extremely expensive. i have 5 employees and it costs way to much for me to use quickbooks 👎
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
frank. this app is amazing. it is exactly what i needed to start my business. it makes it quick and easy to do your estimates, invoices, and keep track of all your accounting needs.
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
app crashes on splash screen. on iphone 6s plus. this has been happening for so long and there is no action taken. i’ve tried uninstall and reinstall multiple times and nothing is working.
don't believe the negative reviews!!. i think the application is a huge time saver. works great on my ipad air 2. i strongly recommend this app! it's like getting a full time bookkeeper for only $30 per month! i like having my business records semiautomated in the cloud. intuit offers a 30 day trial. why not just try before you buy? that's what i did and i haven't been disappointed.
great but unreliable. a five star app with one star reliability. half the time it doesn't refresh, or your data is unaccessible, or the server can't be contacted, or you are logged out. when working it is fantastic, but the most infuriating app for business i have ever used.
life saver. one my favorite apps to use while working. i’m on it like a social media page. thanks quick books.
so easy to go work with!!!. as a new business owner this app makes the process of dealing with the administrative side of it easy and convenient!
pace trailer repair. qbo
awesome i just need to learn to use it. its awesome i love it but im new to it so i have a little bit of trouble using some of the features but im sure i will get the hang of it with time n experience
. the app sucks really bad, it's full of continuous bugs and it is unstable, every time you try to add attachments to expenses the app freezes does not save and shut down, find another solution because it's sad.
problems. what my bookkeeper is finding is payments being applied to the wrong invoices. it’s really messed things up. from the checks being deposited from my bank. also, for some reason my quickbooks is duplicating invoices. i will have to erase the app and download again.
needs updates. same app. works okay but very limited functionality. i figured since online version was updated they would've made changes here too. disappointed at how's long it's taking qb to add accounting functionality to this app.
can't even start the program. i use quickbooks online. when i saw the app, i was excited. i cannot even get past the login screen as it continuously tells me that i have no internet connection (even though i do). if i can't login, the app is useless.
. explain to me why i cannot screenshot anything any more? i have multiple customers that like to see their over all balance owed but now i can't send them a screenshot anymore. so you update the app to fix things, manage to mess up the one feature that worked best for me and still haven't fixed th spelling on the word supplies (it's literally spelt suppliea). great job!
excellent!. this is a fab piece of software for both selfemployed and accountants to sync all your activity in one place.
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
efficient. does all the work, and reminds me to collect on overdue invoices. i love it! not very expensive either!
horrible. please update this app so it stops crashing during every use!!! also, critical updates every time you try and do anything???? getting old and frustrating. fix it!!!!! also, why when you update a transaction, it saves it from before the update, so you are doing the work twice???
often worthless. when the system works it can be great. however, i’m in day 3 of not being able to get bank accounts to update.
struggle. guys i've been struggling to log in onto this app from my galaxy s6 for several weeks now, i'm considering switching to another provider. please fix this bug. ive tried for hours at a time, everytime it asks me if i am a robot, but it never logs in just hours of saying signign in. the whole point of having this app is being able to do stuff on the go and right now thats not working...
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
needs work!. not very user friendly... makes me download my companies data every time i login and takes forever and sometimes crashes while downloading it so have to restart the download again. qbo is great but they really need to work on the app cause i could really use it when on the road. but incapable due to its functionality at the moment.
. the app is very restricted, kind of defeats the object when many of the online functions aren't available
delaware business owner. kingdom building services kingdombs.com makes my job ten times easier and gives me a professional image when billing my clients and it also gives me more time to focus on my business.
. error code 132.100 quickbooks doesnt even have a fix for it. customer service has no clue as to what they are doing. i like paying for software that i can't use
this might be 5 stars. the only thing... only thing!!! using square through the app .. or somehow sync invoices so they reflect in qb. if there is a way to do that then this is 5 stars!!
easy to use. makes life easy for tracking all business expenses and payments
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
hall. reunion treasurer's job made instantly easier and more efficient!
. desktop on line was great had to upgrade to the new online version ,total nightmare can't fined customer statements or customer credit notes etc. very few reports unfortunately have to use the online version due to the new digital vat rules or would just dump it. online chat is as much good as a chocolate teapot. there must be another accountancy package out there that we can transfer all our quickbooks data to. terrible
projectivity. great app for my consulting business. once you enter your data quick books can show you a picture of what your business looks like; where your money is coming in by customer. instantly produces reports, reminds you if you have invoices overdue and can be linked to your bank. what more would a small business want? i love this bookkeeping program. :)
. worst app ever
. great program for everyday needs of running our landscaping business
i can't run a business with quick books. the format is different on my ipad that it is on my iphone. i don't have the ability to do half the stuff i can do from my computer, which is a huge inconvenience when i'm in the field. i wouldn't recommend quickbooks or the apps to anybody.
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
great app. i personally find the app easier then the desktop version. everything is quick and easy to do. raise an invoice or estimate instantly and see your bank account balance. great.
making life easy. qbs has enabled me as an absolute novice to business manage the financials of all components of my business. the ability for my accountant to look in and assist were necessary and conduct tax admin such as bas preparation has been such a relief. making life easy in small business is a welcome capability.
job costing would be great. my only complaint is that i don't have the ability to truly categorize expenses and income by the job. i use the locations feature, and it is a decent work around, but not quite as seamless as other software. i love the app for field access!
won't save receipts. try to record receipts in expenses, just get error message. called the number the message had, person they don't offer support for mobile devices or their app.**** update i did as you requested the day you requested and to date have not heard back from your staff. same issue with samsung 10.1 tablet and s6 phone.
. great app works well fore
not like the online version. the app is alright. missing a lot of feature (if you compare it to the online version) but if they come up with a solution and have them on the app version i would rate it 5 stars.
can not do custom invoice numbers. the app can not do custom invoice numbers. i have had the app for two months and paying the monthly fees and have not been able to send out my first proper invoice. i have asked support and they come back with instructions to go to certain settings that do not exist on the app.
not that great for me. can't write po's...good for regular expenses banking etc...
easy and convenient. as a first time user, both app and desk top versions of quick is easy to use. moreover, the app makes my life much easier. even when i'm out of the office, invoicing, paying, receiving, and quick views of current status can be done at the fingertips.
love it!!!. i am a tile contractor and use this app everyday. i love the latest update where the customer can sign the estimate.
still waiting for receipt feature to work. i have made multiple inquiries about the receipt expense feature not working and they haven't even responded let alone fixed the issue. this has been happening for over a year.
keeps me on track. i'm so happy with qb. makes estimates, invoices and takes payment. that's what's most important to me. haven't used it to pay my bills yet. i'll explore it later. wish i could set alarms to do estimate followup. would be so helpful
. love it..works grear....i do like it on full computer better
need help. i have problem with the data sync status. it written unable to get data. i can't even sent this message to your contact.
. excellent for a busy contactor. easy to send quotes and invoices to clients.
. qbo is great... however, the app sucks! the info on the home page is rarely if ever correct. paid invoices show as still do, p&l info is incorrect compared to what it shows on the website. now i can't edit downloaded transaction to add an image of my receipts. plus, it's no longer showing all of my accounts when i go to categorize a transaction. what the heck happened?!
new update keeps crashing. well ever hour or two it crashes while i am in the middle of looking things up or when i am making an estimate for a customer. and this is with the pastiest update. oh and it keeps telling me there is a new update, but i already have it. fix it, my renewal is coming up and you aren’t the only game in town
exelent app. recomended. exelent app. recomended
nice app..... doesn't function like the website
. you should make the interface exactly the same as the desktop version. we don't mind paying more for online, knowing that we constantly get updates, and logon capabilityfrom any computer and can have the online backups. but having the desktop vs online being totally different and opposite from eachother is annoying. i will give 5 stars when this changes.
best business app. very quick, no bugs or errors. love it!!!
welshman. love it. simple for me to send estimates & invoices from the field.
. great app & software. very helpful. would be nice to be able to keyword search within all estimatesinvoices.
. full time hang and not working properly
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
. i am finally happy 99% with qb online quickbooks has finally added the ability to add expences through the android market. it is now, by far the easiest way to send out estimates, invoices and add expenses. i'm a contractor and it works perfect for what i do. well worth the $40.00 a month, trust me. ............
new update sucks. latest update for android takes forever to refresh and save invoices. almost unusable for me when i'm on the job. takes over five minutes to save an invoice and then even longer to print one if will will even let me...tried to uninstall and reinstall and reboot and everything it still takes way too long to refresh and save.
. easy to use. great app. just wish it was a little cheaper. thanks
. this app will let you get control of your finances. you pay the bill, and you take a picture of the bill. it's that easy!
. this app is very useful for my shop for trak inventory item and gst purpose and more
very convenient!. this app has saved me on so many occasions. being able sending invoices and estimates onthego is awesome.
unusable in ios 13. after login, app crashes every time. i tried deleting and reinstalling as well. ios 13.0. please fix asap.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
. saves hours of time linking with the bank account , quick and easy once you have the hang of it
. great app. however, there is room for improvement (i.e. it doesn't yet allow me to do everything i can do in a desktop.)
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
nice app!. suits my needs...
. when it works, its great. don't count on it when the internet is even remotely slow. i had to resort to another sales app to complete sales. lost sales and it cost me more money to use the other sales app.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
. easy to use, very useful when on the go!
i love it!. best app to use if you are constantly on the go.
. this app is honestly magnificent. it helps me balance my checkbook. helps me track expenses and send invoices. it's honestly a must.
keeps locking up. the app keeps telling me i need to update to the latest version, but i already have it. it won't let me log on. frustrating. please fix or revert back to previous version until glitches are fixed.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
capable. qbo mobile is quite useful for billing customers on site and checking some basic information.
. quick easy useful
best for small businesses on the go. i'm a cpa consultant that specializes in accounting systems and qb and its other products qbo are the most popular in our vancouver market. it's popular simple to use, has good built in reporting, and lots of apps. and it's adaptable for virtually all small businesses.
poor functionality. constant crashes inability to complete selected tasks poor functionality this app try’s hard but doesn’t quiet make it with its functions. it didn’t at all shot me but that’s what the 3 day free trial is for. i wasn’t going to rate this app but after they charged me $10.50 for a 1 month subscription after i cancelled and deleted the app; i will rate it
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
. very useful when you can't make it into the office
. great app
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
great app but needs banking. this app is great since the last major update, but all i want now is to do my banking on it too.
. really helpful app for managing our church finances int the go! very easy to use and gives me most tools i need to get the job done when i'm not at my computer. highly recommended.
. great app for mobile business owners such as myself.
keep crush !. my iphone version is ios11.2.1. i can’t open this app. keep crushing. please fix asap.
pants app! does not refresh, to many glitches!. poor show on the app! creates more work for me then needed, stick to logging in online. far easier than trying to refresh the app manually, i'll get grey before i can do any accounting with this app!!
"locks, freezes, and won't sync. updated last week and haven't been able to use it since. i've reinstalled, cleared cache, resynced data... nothing. qb customer service ""can't see any issues with my login"" so who knows ? ive been reduced to entering all my invoices from my computer at home (defeats the purpose of the app doesn't it?). until they fix this update, don't download it."
. great app. so easy to add quick receipts and prepare invoices instantly. great for the bookkeeper too and helps keep their fees down also.
multitasking?. would be nice if app supported multitasking.
why isn't app as easy to use as actual online. the online version is so much easier to navigate. i don't like that the app and the online version have things in different places. it makes it much harder to locate things. i would rather have one streamlined version to use on all devices.
great accounting software. after using qb software for many years, i switched to qb online as a happy customer. i advise qb online especially if you are in wholesale trading.
kevin morton. easy. not using any other software.
very helpful. the app has let me cut down on paper records quite a bit. there's more functionality online than the app has which i didnt discover until 4 months of use. overall it`s proven helpful though.
. makes my life easier
couldn’t get past sign up!. i downloaded the app and started the “freetrial” setup. it asked for my business name, then my countryregion. when i tapped to enter countryregion, it gave no options. it was blank and did not bring up keyboard for manual entry. so i can’t even use it.
great app!. i love this app for the ease of use for my clients and me.
i love it!. works great! love the accessibility, i use the app to send invoices easily while i'm on the go and my clients can pay online, through the invoices i send them. definitely worth every penny!!
payroll. it is worthless for me. uninstalled it as soon as it was installed. can't do payroll.
. excellent app and it makes computer blues more efficient.
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 2 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank, calculate the vat! the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
. great app .... just makes life easy!!!
. great tools to stay organized, track expense s and bill accurately.
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
brilliant and far reaching app. started using this app following another app which was not giving me the usability that i needed. this app is amazing in its flexibility and ease of use. get it and you won’t regret it.
. awesome company! app works great!
doesn't have a bank option. they could do much better though it's good
. really like the taking pictures of receipts. mobile app is great
. awesome app use it everyday on the go.
not to happy. to many glitches
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data.
broken. for the last two weeks every time i log in it tells me i have no online company.
great. great app does everything it says it will
needs tip option. please add tip option when customer signs credit card transaction like in go payment
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipadiphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
great app. allows me to invoice on the fly. easy to get things done. i don’t have to be home to do them.
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
omg. if you don't have it you are missing out. this is the easiest and most helpful app ever.
quickbooks online. does everything i need without problems.
. used it for a while. but went back to desktop premier. for the constructionrenovation business it didn't support job costing, change orders or progress invoicing.
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
. used to be an ok app, but it hasn't worked at all in several months. every time i open it there's some kind of problem and i should try again later. worthless.
"not there yet. out of the three versions of qbo, the ipad version here is definitely the weakest. in design terms it shows very little similarity to the osx version, lacking much functionality as it does. it is still impossible to switch between my two company accounts. logging out and then reentering my long secure password is an unnecessary pain. this could and indeed should be so much better. in english parlance, intuit need a ""kick up the backside""."
. this app has one major flaw in my view. my bank transactions do not update unless i go through the website and update it there. this is probably the only reason i have this app. this is very annoying and i have contacted quickbooks about this issue and they are not helpful. they tell me to go to the website and update it there! would be a great app if they fix this issue.
seabreeze sealants. awesome app, makes running our business quick & easy in all aspects, we are able to stay in control of cash flow and invoices. highly recommend 👌🤙
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
great app easy to use. this new version does almost everything online with my smart phone. i can match transactions, add expenses, do almost everything i need to do while on the road. thank you intuit!
. used to work perfect ever since update it's very unreliable. can't log into app reliably. it often locks me out right when i'm standing in a customer's house trying to invoice them or locks me out when i need to go through my client list for a phone number etc. i suggest you consider competitors software until the app becomes stable again.
where is the payroll functionality?!?!. the app seems to intentionally not include payroll functionality, that’s what i need most! f
very beneficial app. this is a very beneficial app. it does not replace the pc version but is an excellent aid. it's helpful to send invoices on the go or at the end of a service call. the sooner the customer pays the more chance you will get paid. as long as you keep things simple it is a very good aid!
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
. my accountant said everything going digital. use this on lap top no problem. but it wont even open on my phone! not great when out and about trying to get payments in while running a business! oh and paying for this... service?? not happy
". the app failed to associate my quickbooks online account with the app at login. ""it seems like you have an account with intuit but no quickbooks online company associated with : my@email would you like to create a company?"" additionally, when trying to troubleshoot this issue, i was given the run around through all services... from faqs, to online support, to calling directly. issue still unresolved."
. log in issues and it stopped tracking my mileage on its on. i'm trying to pull my information for my taxes and it will not let me log on. more than frustrating, i want my money back!!!! and yes i have tried reinstalling the app!
great app!¡. im always on the go and this app is great when invoiceestimate has to be sent immediately or when there is no computer access¡¡ highly recommended for biz on the go!!
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
small business owner. it's fantastic and professional for service contracting for management, but the fact that the crew in the field still use paper carbons to submit & clients want paper makes this a major problem. if the client doesn't give an email, or the field crew doesn't get the right info, i end up spending extra hours trying to figure it out...
mileage tracker. any chance you can put a mileage tracker on this app? other wise it's perfect for small business
a great app. this has revolutionised my business. saving me hours of admin every week.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck. *tried clearing data, same issue."
touch id not working when app is shut down.. touch id needs to work all the time. not just when app is running in the back ground. come on quickbooks fix this bug.
great app!¡. im always on the go and this app is great when invoiceestimate has to be sent immediately or when there is no computer access¡¡ highly recommended for biz on the go!!
. this app is great. i can do everything from my phone. i'm can update at any moment and keep an eye on clients who are running late on payments.
. i've used different accounting software to see there was a difference in the softwares. well its a big deal. never will i stray again!!
. this app is perfect for my business. love it!
app ruined. this is getting old. the app seems to be unusable every time an update heads out way. my invoices are showing old data, are not updating to show payments and do not match what is correctly shown in the real online desktop service. please fix , and stop updating prior to testing
. does everything i need it to.
worth it could be improved. works well, my only complaint is different functions are available or not available depending on how you access quickbooks. can be a little frustrating when i need to send an account statement and have to do it from a pc as that option seems to be absent on iphone and ipad access. better than my other invoice options by far worth using for sure.
great app really does work for my business. really easy to do my accounts and invoices.
sweet baby jesus this is exactly what i need. it has never been so easy to stay so financially organized. as someone who os chronically disorganized this app is a blessing. definitely worth the price when you need to record your expenses and write receipts, invoices and all sorts of other business related things to be professional.
. easy to use. make business life easier
waste of time and slow. i didn’t even get past the registration. the app was soo slow and laggy when i was trying to put my details in i gave up. couldn’t imagine the amount of time i’d waste trying to write up quotes or invoices on it. avoid!!!
doesn't work. app crashes on load and while logging in. pretty useless so far. :(
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
. i love the app. i would like to see full functionality. that would allow for entries and time savings everywhere.
. very easy to work with and always someone to help you if problems occur
. the app is fantastic everything works well little exhausting to set accounts and banking but once everything is done and working it's very efficient and my customers can get their invoices very quickly plus in my electrical construction business.
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
pretty complete finance from your phone. i'm not too sure about the need for a separate app for payroll, but this does work as advertised for the most part.
very useful, ios 13 login issue however. as the title says. this software, when combined with the website version, can be incredible useful. the layout is good. i use it for work and once you get to know it it’s pretty good. currently there is an issue logging in with ios 13.
much better than the desk top version. i really like this app as opposed to the old desktop version. i'm sure there are updates that could make it better, but i'm satisfied with how it works for me.
bad customer service. they are not helpful. they made a mistake to deactivated my account, after my complaint, they asked me to key in every single invoice again. this is unacceptable.
very convenient and up to date with technology. i love the ease of bookkeeping using this app. a perfect complement to my accounting software.
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
very nice!!. have been using this app and computer software for 2 years now. very easy to use, have had no errors or screw ups with the app. it's great to link bank accounts to app for instant payments from invoiced. it's helped me with my business and accounting dramatically
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
. so many times it's hard to save invoices, cause frustration, i'm sorry tanks
great app!. wonderful app.
. horribly unresponsive and buggy. lacks feature parity with ios.
easy to use. this app has been a life saver for starting a business and trying to keep the records straight. makes it easy for my accountant to access my records. good job quickbooks
quickbooks app. great, convenience of creating, editing and sending invoices and adding customers, payments or expenses
. great app and user friendly for small business.
logo. this is a great mobile app but i wish you could put your own logo on the invoices.
. was working awesome until last update. now won't log in. just has that loading thing come up forever
new app is great!. the new app is super user friendly and versatile. it’s easier to use quickbooks from my phone than it is from my pc now. vast improvement over the previous versions.
loving it. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
i like it.. this app is pretty easy to use. i just wish it allowed you to send a statement from your phone. i also hope to see the ability to add interest on overdue accounts.
. i don't want to get charged tomorrow! i went to manage my subscription to cancel then an error came up and i've still got the message saying payment comes out tomorrow without an option to change it. the button has gone.
great app.. make it more like online functionality. but i love the expedience especially in negotiations.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
easy to use, instrumental to my business. keep it glitch free please
owneroperator. enjoy app. helps me keep updated when away from my desktop
. excellat ap this app is great. keeps me informed even when i am out in the field. i love it.
great for invoices. i use it mainly for invoicing.
. longtime customer, happy with access remotely
. this is a great app and makes it easy to do so many parts of your bookkeeping through your phone. quickbooks online has been such a useful tool, and this is a great part of its use.
quick books. great app
great but needs some updates. just recently i am unable to log in to my company. i can get on to my online account, but not on the app?? says my email and password isn’t found?
functional and practical. love the cloud software, love the app.
awesome app!. best way to keep your finances organized!
. game changer. invoicing and tracking expenses just got so easy. it's amazing, and i am only sad i didn't know about it sooner!
hd lawn care. this app has help me so much with my business billing. i highly recommend it.
quickbooks app. it has all the tools i need and is very convenient
missing data on iphone and ipad. i have an issues where invoices are missing for some customer on both iphone and ipad. the show up absolutely fine on the web. i can see the payments but get the error when i open the payment qbm.error.00500000.reason.iphone. please fix asap
qbo and this app two thumbs down.. how does such a large company make such a crappy product. basic logical steps can’t be completed. you go to summit a improvement and tons of people have listed the same things and nothing ever gets fixed. the app jumps back and forth between web view and app view. support is horrible. you can’t even move different parts of the invoice or estimate around in the app. switching to zoho
app is crap. the quickbooks app very rarely lets us sign in and when it does many of the functions do not work. i’ve contacted customer service which is a complete joke. their suggestion was to check out the message board to see who else may have the problem we have! why? how about fix the problem!
brilliant. i'm not great with keeping up with book work but this app makes it so easy that i actually want to put the time in and do it properly. a must have for small business
worst “upgrade” process ever!!!!. if you have self employed don’t even dream of trying to fluidly upgrade to online. they data doesn’t just migrate over. the tech support people are clueless. one sharing my screen hadn’t ever even seen what self employed looked like and had no idea how anything worked compared to online. it’s total frustration.
nice app. i really like this app, but wish it was a little easier to navigate and do more.
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
fee increase is a bad deal. fees increased but same services rendered. otherwise it’s a decent app. i’m disappointed that they get people to invest all there invoices and history in app and program then up the fees in them nearly double. can’t trust a company that does that to ya.
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
. i like it when on the desktop it's easy to use but downloaded the app on my phone and i can't even log on!
. little difficult to use interface can be made more user friendly but still very helpful app to use. definitely recommend ed for buying the package of available on discount
help and advise. i subscribe this on the trial and pop up the good deal 7.49 for 3 months and should be starting my payment for real is 14.99 in january. hey should be responsible for this ads. apple
garbage. quick books won’t upload garbage use and other accounting software.
. always a great experience!
great!. as a first time business owner and user of any accounting software, i am very happy with quickbooks on the whole and this app in particular. easy to use and understand without over simplifying what needs to be done. seamless integration without just about any software make this a great goto for all your small business accounting needs.
not pleased. for one i still can't redownload the app after i accidentally deleted it. it's been months. i hit the cloud button and it does nothing. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
quickbooks. works great . happy with the app
"not working. i just downloaded it and it said it was free. it sent me a verification code. when i went back to the app now it is saying i have no subscription. i wish it could have said that in the begging because now my business email is ""registered"" and i can't find a way to delete my email address from this program."
. this is not an free app. and they say it's not free after you submit all you information including phone number for verification. if they say its not free before i submit the info, i might think over and probably purchase....
great for business. this is a great app to use for daily business
. app never opens complete bull
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
i love it.. i used to have to enter in expenses and sales, but now all that stuff shows up automatically with my banks being connected. i love it!
. would love to be able to access payroll on the app
"great app!. easy to use and good customer service. i used the ""chat online"" service. very helpful and especially like that i can email a copy of the chat conversation to myself."
. fake reviews on their website. impossible to leave a review. they held $10,000 in ach payments for 18 days without cause. after setup, their ach payments system went down, no notice email went out. our customers couldn't pay, when asked when it would be available, they couldn't give an answer. unreliable and poor customer service. not what i expected from a large financial company.
best way to keep track of your expenses. i love this it works very well a little hard to learn but very simple to use what you learn how to do it i use it to track all my business expenses and it works perfectly i love the touch id lot it keeps everything very secure you cannot go wrong with this i absolutely recommend it for small business owners and businesses in general
upload receipts feature. snap on mobile new feature saves lots of time as well the ability to drag and drop files or emailing receipts work well and helps expedite petty cash procedures. excellent addition to quickbooks online!!
crashed. our quickbooks crashed a week ago. they haven't been able to fix yet. frustrating
why isn't app as easy to use as actual online. the online version is so much easier to navigate. i don't like that the app and the online version have things in different places. it makes it much harder to locate things. i would rather have one streamlined version to use on all devices.
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
. easy to navigate! great app!
phillip of cgc. great app
. great app!!
very good!. great app  i love the upgrades.
". app for android stinks. only loads a few visible parts and if you try to update an invoice, originally entered on the desktop, it will ""zero out"" the parts not found on the app (causing invoicing discrepancies). ayou also can't upload attachments to invoices (which i use frequently in my business). until intuit can make their app consistent with the desktop version it is unusable for mobility."
a good idea but not very useful yet. there is not access to the important online reports. there is no access to fx transactions or accounts in a foreign currency. i live overseas and bill my clients in us dollars and as such have no access to client information or us dollars sales and accounts. if the app mirrored the online program it would be great but it doesnt!!
. very good software up to date
awful. i don’t typically leave negative reviews but if i have to watch an invoice that i am editing disappear one more time i’ll loose my mind. clunky and prehistoric programme pen and paper would be quicker
. great app and easy to use!
not working properly after update. i just updated the app and now every time i try to edit an invoice it forces me to refresh the invoice and i lose my changes. the pin number does't work, i added it again and made sure it is turned on, but i have to sign in with my username and password each time. it worked perfectly on the last update.
really good !. used a different invoicing program for years but would not sync with quickbooks. so i went over to the best and figuring it out. quickbooks online has made it easy to work through. good job developers !!
. great app
. love the convenience i have used this app for a while and i enjoy how it facilitates my need to create and track everything on the go. i would recommend quickbooks to any small business operation.
. great billing software
. so handy. like having an accountant in my back pocket.
very good app. if i could link my icall to it, it would be perfect 5 stars
. great app everthing i need from quickbooks in one app
love this app. i enjoy all the features it provides and the simplicity of using it.
this app is useless on android.. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
total train wreck. importing data from bank has been a disaster. deposits into my bank accounts are showing up in quickbooks as expenses. my books are now impossible to balance.
great program.. it's easy to use either in the pc or mobile.
. love the app. really helps making estimates and sending email to customers. it can also keep up with profit and loss but i haven't been using it. habit of doing it myself
. brilliant app filled with bugs. trying to email invoices and get endless waiting screen. try and update contact details and it cant upload the details. sort it out or im off as im sure most others will be.
. i could not conduct business without qb. perfect fit for a busy company with daily billing. simple ui that allows you to quickly send invoices, follow up on past due, monitor sales and generate reports. we are very pleased with qb.
easy, powerful, and convenient. easy, powerful, and convenient
excellent. you can do so much with just this app  absolute game changer. love it.
. these updates to the app and online service are worthless and have screwed up the format entirely. the latest update (91117) has caused the online version to work at a snail's pace! i'm using a brand new hp with intel 7th gen, and a terabyte!!! stop updating stuff that works fine!!!!
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
. no good for basic simple book keeping and way to complicated. why would you trust a group of app developers will your banking details
. excellent lots of options for writing reports and looking up data
"not working. i just downloaded it and it said it was free. it sent me a verification code. when i went back to the app now it is saying i have no subscription. i wish it could have said that in the begging because now my business email is ""registered"" and i can't find a way to delete my email address from this program."
help desk is horrible. please hire someone who either speaks english or will transfer your call to someone who can when directed to do so no fewer than 5 times. pathetic.
. great app
whyyy. why on earth would any app ask dor my banking information and password etc theres an api for those theres absolutely no way for me to share my password with anyone or anything... zero stars
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
more than convenient, it's necessary. having the app makes it so much easier to do business on the go. you can send estimates and invoices before the client meeting has even ended. efficient and essential!
. really. trying to do work here and you are forcing an update. no time for this bs
. very efficient and in depth of a record of labor expenses and profit
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
. nice...love this app a million times. please download.. very useful and helpful
can this app dethrone india specific software?. you can not setup this app to use for personal accounting. you can not setup this app for setting up multiple companies. you can not run if your internet connection is not working. so, this app is worth your time and money? you can try without worrying about any payment. so, it’s very difficult to dethrone india specific accounting software you already use. i have tried. you too can.
easy to use. great system, much cheaper than other accounting systems, user friendly and plenty of help if you do get stuck. definitely 5 star
makes business happen!. this powerful app makes my business happen! very easy to make sales on the go and keep track of all my ins and outs. thank you!
changed my life for the (much) better!. want to send an estimate in the time that it takes your barista to make your coffee? the amount of time that i save managing my business on my phone has cut my desktime in half. i couldn't be happier!
no longer works with ios 13. i just updated to ios 13. the app now crashes immediately after it tries to launch my company. i tried reinstalling it but no luck. please fix this asap!
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
cannot hours for. it verified my account by text message, and had my phone number on file on my account. won't let me use it because i don't have an account..?
"amazing for my business. i wouldn't know where i would be running my own business without this app. it truly gives an ""on the go"" experience and aided with other tools i can work anywhere in the world. thanks quickbooks!!"
. absolutely unless on android. it does not show the right invoices overdue only a select few and shows completely different things and different sums of money on iphone compared to android phone, in fact its completely different on all platforms i.e tablet android, ipad, pc windows and iphone.
. good and simple
. this app is easy to use, once you get the hang of it. i can take pictures of all receipt which makes it easy to keep track.
so easy!. keeping my books and budget up to date is so simple now. no more hurriedly scratched reminder notes that end up getting lost or having to wait to update my registers. great app!
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
very nice.. very helpful considering that is cloud app. i work with it everywhere a go.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. 1. kicking out of the app very often. 2. not able to email multiple invoices at one time. 3. limited search capabilities. cant search notes and description. :(
bitch ur fucked. all over culiacan and the net
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
. i'm getting sick of this app real fast it comes tr manly crashes i try calling the 1800 number and nothing
worthless. qbo is great, but this mobile app stinks.. worthless. hopefully they can evolve this app quickly. qbo is great but this app ain't
not easy to use. simple tasks like entering a transaction are complex. app and online qb have a slow response when tapping things. just overall frustrating trying to switch from desktop qb to the app and online qb.
. this app helps me keep my clients in order and helps me to keep up with payments.
newest update. loved the app until the newest update. now for some reason i can no longer receive payments from my phone. which is very frustrating. i have closed out the app, restarted my phone and still can't do it.
awesome. that's what i said in 2012. the app keeps getting better, now it's very soon to be 2017, and still the same review.. good app.
. this app is honestly magnificent. it helps me balance my checkbook. helps me track expenses and send invoices. it's honestly a must.
poor quality. poor quality. inconsistent design. loads of bugs. none of the bank feed transaction reconciliationapproval features have worked for at least the last three app updates. expensive rubbish.
. always displays an error when trying to connect to bank for transactions
. pc or macbook apps are good but i am sorry to say that this app is waste of time. very slow. page loading time is more that 1 min even with wifi having 100mb broadband speed.
. very easy to use software, professional looking documents issued and logical methodnof keeping books.
so far so good. i've been using the app for a week and love it so far. i find it extremely easy to make invoices in the field, and also very convenient to accept payments.
let me add my voice. this is an excellent program. i can not think of one thing i don't like about it... well done quickbooks!
. great app, though i still need to refer to the desktop version. i am unable to pay employees through the app.
. very useful for my business
easy iphone app. i like it, it’s easy enough to navigate on my iphone. you cannot do everything that you can do on the computer but it takes care of most business.
quick accounting. works great , makes life a lot simpler getting invoices in and keeping a tally on pending jobs .
frustrated. very difficult to make adjustments and when receiving a payment i have not found a way to receive cash as will as a card on the same invoice. frustrated
not even close to online or desktop versions. at the cost of not wanting to hire a secretary my consultant had me switch to online version from desktop, it sucks! used to update q.b. desktop every 3 yrs (when forced to) for $150 and now pay around $400 a year for less function. the direct qb online site is better from my mobile device than the actual app. the options between app and website dont function the same. terrible!
. great product easy to use and understand. not complicated at all make changes view reports and see everything clearly.
. this app is making my life life much easier!
"love it but it could be better. i want to give it 5 stars but due to the fact that my customers can't view their quickbooks invoices and receive an message saying ""error we can't retrieve the requested invoice"". please fix this issue asap so my customers can pay me! thank you."
ahhh. you cant pay employees on the phone or tablet app. its hard to find the login on a normal desktop and when i want to pay an employee the employee section keeps going blank and never loads. this is extremely frustrating!
"complete shit. developers can't seem to get it right.. going from version to version will cause problems logging in. might as well not offer as a mobile app, ""on the go"" my ass. i was told ""we're working on"" (for the past 6 times i inquired) then the last time ""too bad, use the web site for now""."
zero stars. it really surprises me that a big company like intuitquickbooks couldn’t come up with something that worked. the app is almost completely useless. i installed it, tried to do some basic stuff on it and couldn’t so i deleted it. please intuit you have to have someone that can build you a better app!!
very unstable!. downloaded the new version but the app consistently crashes just after login. real shoddy development and testing by intuit.
. was wary, but the convenience is worth a lot until the latest update. now i cant sign on. been a week since they told me there was an issue. still not resolved. spent several hours on hold listing to garbled elevator music that can not be turned down. customer support blows.
never disappointed. best accounting software available!
. very slow and not convenient as current fast trend requirements....it's waste of money..i really suggest for zoho..very good..very fast ....best service and users convenient... still after your review, i'll suggest for zoho because of there are many function which is available on handly face which is many time i was given suggestion to quick books team but there was nothing improvement and after waiting so much time, i'll go for zoho which is too much easy to made my business. not given refund
. great software. helpful for my business
crap!. can't create an invoice in the app that has cis? really? why not? so i can't do my invoices on the go?! rubbish app rubbish system! use another programme!
excellent. quickbooks online has created a whole new dimension to bookkeeping and accounting for small business. the ipad app is very useful for an overview of transactions
app says i don’t have an account. the desktop app and now the ios app don’t work. and accessing quickbooks online from the ios browser is a poor experience. from reading other reviews, this seems to be a known issue that has no resolution to date.
. i like having access to the product on my phone but i wish the app did as much as the full website.
great app. real nice app
. works better than the pc version, easy to track expenses etc
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
. love the app
. i've got self employed subscription but app doesn't recognise it
. love this app. life has gotten so much more organized and business transactions so much easier
quick books. quickbooks makes quick work of billing customers , writing estimates , and helping run a business.
looks great!!!. keep the updates coming! great job of being quick to update the app and user interface and continuing to add great features!
very easy to use. this app is extremely easy to use and very helpful.
. simple to navigate
update is amazing!. new update has corrected all issues, and the app works perfectly. love the design. perfect for small business.
. i can't see reports on this app
. easy to use great app
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
. convenient app. helps me keep up with my accounts.
. exceptional experience and great customer service.
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
messed it up with update. i don't like that invoices send through intuit, nor that the app no longer integrates with gmail for emailing clients. please get rid of the pretty colors and fix the functionality. this update really makes the app much harder to use.
. help me alot
thanks intuit. i can create invoices at the job and get paid on the spot. ..no problems so far.
. good accounting sofware, horrible on intuitively usage. just try and make an estimate or invoice online with an android tablet or phone and you will experience what i am talking about, it is very lacking the ease of usage, also lacking on choices when you select services, clients, and want to make a quarry forget about it! for accounting it works but, to simple for customer management.
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
incredible. totally simplified my accounting.. i switched from sage to qbo and have not looked back. easy to setup and learn. can send invoices from my phone in seconds. i recommend it to everyone i know!!
good app. good app, lacking functionality but this will improve in time.
"great app for distributors. we can invoice and deliver on the fly without having to go back to the office to capture the ""in the moment sales"". our accountant has access and was able to set our account up to match his categories for a fast and no worry tax prep."
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
. it's pretty good but a little clunky on the phone compared to the desktop. and some of the available functions are different which is perplexing to me. at least it's somewhat functional but i i'm still not comfortable doing an estimate on my phone which is sad. billion dollar company and can't get the app right is disappointing. it needs work so that it can flow and function more like the online version.
best way to get paid.. easy, professional invoices, cheap and most importantly time saver
. quickbooks online has been great, downloaded this app to make life quicker when not in the office. however, for expenses i have found it unusable as the same payment methods i am using online are not available on the app and therefore it messes up the consistency of my transactions. very disappointed as had high hopes, have yet to test the differences whilst invoicing.
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
. just awful. i never know if or when it will work properly. i've uninstalled and reinstalled, tried with and without wifi, this app has cost me a lot in time and money. i never know what it will screw up next and support has never once been helpful in solving issues
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
banking synchronisation. the level of failure is becoming unacceptable. every update from quickbooks results in failure. then there are the occasions when the bank upgrade and qb does not. we rely on you to make it work seamlessly and always.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
this product is fantastic!. i will be recommending this to all of my customers. it's simple, easy to use & fast to set up. in fact it may feel like you've missed something it's that simple! intuit have put together a great product for the australian market.
. very simple and intuitive to use both i've used the android version and ios
smooth app. love it and would never switch.
. porque tem coisas escritas em inglês?
so much better than sage. we moved from sage to this and haven’t looked back. the app is better and the links to banks work (unlike sage). the help and support is better than sage too. all in all, well worth a trial.
. wish i understood it better . great software . easy to use. wish i was computer and book keeping smarter.
. i travel for work and this app is awesome. i can write and email estimates, invoices, and recieve payments on the fly. it makes my life way easier.
. it takes a working knowledge of what this app is capable of doing to fully grasp how useful it is. i am learning more every time i use it.
. love my quickbooks app!
good app. i like simple, this is efficient for my small busines, updates are making the app better. i can recomend it is supper easy to use.
great app. excellent service and addition to the qb online software
. sometimes an app or service gets worse with time. this is one of them. it is stupidly expensive and incredibly unintuitive. please fix the random sign in and sales receipt bug and improve the ui or i will find another product.
. he querido utilizar la versión pro 2020de prueba y ha sido imposible utilizarla, ya que me pide un código de activación el cual no aparece cuando introduzco la licencia de prueba..
i love this app. i love been able to do my work on the go, and quick book helps me do that
. note 4 crashes
no ability. i download the app and signed up, then i realized that i have to be self employed
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
i haven't used much. i've only updated a few transactions on the app, so far! but all is good as of now. super easy!
awesome app... its amazing app and each update is awesome. but it's not as near the desktop in terms of functionality. overall, if you use quickbooks then its a must have..
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your laptop or desktop.
. first thing i try to do with it and it crashes. crashed 3 times in as many minutes just trying to link an account. garbage
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
good app. excellent
. great but like any software you have to take time to learn its capabilities and bugs
. great app
quick books app. good to connect and keep up with the business!
book keeping made easy. with constant updates this is the go to program for my business! this app assists in daily activity and allows me to be on the move.
small business owner. i have been skeptical about leaving all my business information in an external server, thinking that one day, the software seller is not longer in business. intuit has given me that confidence and now i am very excited with services i have received so far. the program is easy to set up and easy to use. very friendly menus. you can use as many functions you wish. is good even for those who have little experience keeping track of business.
exceptional. this is incredible intuitive software that keeps you completely up to date. it saves hours of time. this is very easy to use. highly recommend for every business owner.
lacks important functionality. this app doesn’t let you see current bank balances for any account, which is a major oversight. intuit: please add this feature.
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
love it. i'm no doing anything super sophisticated but i love the app. easy to use to keep invoices and expenses current on the go!
. while logging in it says app features from android in india is not available try from the web
contractor couldn't live without it. i use this app every time i bill a client and can provide him with an accurate, complete invoice and receive payment on the spot. importing customers from my contacts is a great help. a musthave complement to quickbooks online.
superbly designed. having used two competitors' products before, i've been very pleasantly surprised with quickbooks. it's really easy to use but, at the same time, it has lots of really helpful features. the app is well designed but my only gripe is that i am sometimes unable to login. the problem usually corrects itself after a while, but it's a bit annoying when i need it at the time. nevertheless, the product is so good that this doesn't even bother me much.
thumbs up. wish it was cheaper, but i have to admit i love it and it makes my business easier to run.
broken. i sign in and all it does is take me to a screen that says it isn't quick books mac. the only buttons on the screen either take me to a webpage saying the app isn't quick books for mac or takes me back to sign in.
we need an update for iphone x. we need an update for iphone x. in addition, we need the function to add cc recipient when sending out quotes or invoices. other than those 2 things, it is good.
easy. great design, easy to use interface and great for quick overviews and adding data
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app.
. frustrating. slow. pretty much only to be used for creating invoices and receiving payments. maybe reports. wanted something that functioned just like the online version but for my mobile. wanted to catch up on work at opportune moments without having to get the laptop out. would not recommend. client hates it.
owner. this software has been the best ever. it has made my job so much easier and faster for billing.
"i can' t even register. ""server error "" i've sent emails and "" reported the issue"" but no response. i've used desktop quickbooks for years and was hoping to have the convenience of qbo on my phone. but now i think i'll just start looking for another online program"
perfect. i migrated over from the computer version and so far it's awesome. i went out and bought a verizon tablet to make my billing easier in the field. i now can do everything before i walk out of the customers house, the days of going to the truck to write up a invoice are over!!!
best i've used.. not the most expensive i've tried but by far the easiest. takes minutes to send an instant invoice. 1010 from me.
. excellent app. gives compete access.
. useful
price just keeps going up!. forced to moved to a different app, found this one for £2.99 a month, which seemed fine as i won’t be using it very much. now the price has gone up to £11.99 in under a year! needs different payment options for those that don’t use it much and that % increase is insane.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
. used to work perfect ever since update it's very unreliable. can't log into app reliably. it often locks me out right when i'm standing in a customer's house trying to invoice them or locks me out when i need to go through my client list for a phone number etc. i suggest you consider competitors software until the app becomes stable again.
. works fine on my android phone (granted, i don't use it very often!) but it's 100% buggy in chromebook. i opened it, managed to add one banking item, then it froze. i opened it again, and it froze before i could even load current invoices. uninstalled. i'll keep using the web version
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
owner light it up. cannot login iphone 6s qb update will not download properly can't get into customer information what the cuss😡😡
. love being able to do invoices in the field.
. disappointed...like horribly disappointed! this was supposed to make my life easier but instead i lost multiple hours either trying to figure the desktop version out to then trying the app and the tax rate were getting doubled...while chatting with help desk to be told that it would get fix a week after still didn't fix. uninstalled to try to start fresh to realize the price had gone up! chatted again with customer service to be told someone would contact me within 2 hours...still waiting!
. why this app is not in french ???
great applimited function. it is a great app. wish it had full functionality. payroll within the app. not a extra app. that only works. if you want ituit to handle everything. need to work like accessing from desktop. writing checks should also be there. plus running reports. but it is a great app. with limited function. has gotten better. just wish it was getting there faster.
one man show. this app helps tons: estimate and invoice from anywhere.
. great app on my android. can it be used in my fire tablets?
crashing constantly. crashes nonstop. i get two entries in and then crash. sick of it. come on intuit.
junk. this app is an embarrassment to use. doesn't attach correct to emails, rude default email tags, and prints too light to fax. i used qb contractor for 10 years before being talked into ipad by apple as the way to go mobile. save your money do things right. this freezes up a lot too which if you have time to wait may be for you.
. great app!
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
. love the app, makes running my business so much easier.
crashes constantly every time i try to use it!. crashes multiple times every time that i try to use the app! on line works fine. the app keeps freezing saying saying critical updates needed! but i already updated app and deleted the app and reinstalled it. i tried everything i could do. so frustrating! older versions worked well. this is on an iphone xmax. newest phone .., latest version ... not working!!
does not even log into my company. installed the app, entered my login details then tells me sorry it cannot download my company details and to report issue. i've reported and typically the response i get back is to redownload the app???
. excellent accounting software for my small business. keep up the good work.
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
fantastic for when you’re on the move. this app has really helped me operate more efficiently from a mobile office. the ability to quickly and easily produce quotes and invoices from my ipad has been extremely useful. the app isn’t as fully featured as its desktop counterpart but it does enough to suit my needs, whilst i’m on the move. i’m running this app on a 10.5 ipad pro and it has been flawless.
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
. great for a small business!! does everything i need. except milage...
. web version is working but not the app.
. there was about to be going to be fight if those people dont get away from my accountant.
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
pro advisor. the training videos and exam are not opening on my ipad. apparently doesn’t work with safari. i have tried everything possible in my settings.
"confusing and cluttered app. i love that nearly all of the features in the desktop app are here in the mobile app. however the interface, especially the home page, is confusing and cluttered. ""company activity"" is a bit useless as the default page. show me the charts of paidunpaid invoices. i think the developers are tasked with including every single feature and that clouds their design judgement. it's not an easy ask but let's make this app more mobile friendly."
. bad tech support app has tons of errors had it for a year and a half and hate it !!
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
. really works great. loads fast and easy to navigate. if you have quickbooks on your 1 desktop at home or office, you are in the stone age.
how bad????. i would love to write a review, but as i've been trying to get this app to log in to my online account for 5 months now it's going to be a little difficult. but not as difficult as trying to get any customer support for this app. i could write a whole book on how impossible that is. so so disappointed. no help with this problem what so ever. frustrated!!!!!
. amazing been using it for 5 years now. makes doing taxes a lot easier!
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
great app. this app  software really saves my life.
. my issue has been partially resolved. i would give them 4 stars if the process wasn't so difficult.
. this app is great for tracking income and expenses! feels good to know how i am doing on a dailyweeklymonthlyqtrlyannual basis. keeps me competitive and on track financially.
. completely useless. tracks payments and deposits, but when you try and generate the year end report all items are zero. it doesn't tabulate for some reason. don't buy. complete waste of money.
sign in error. can't even sign in anymore. tried on multiple devices so i know it's not my phone. please fix
love it!. keeps me on track with customer invoices and payments.
. great app so far
why!?!. this app and online program is insanely buggy. every time i try and open the app it takes five or six trys before it loads. once it loads i am satisfied at best with the user experience, but if my internet connection isn't a gig a second the app crashes. i wish i didn't pay for a years worth of service or i would delete it with extreme prejudice.
. awesome app
very useful application. it really helps me stay up to the minute with my business goings on.
this app needs updated. this version won't work :(. not working reloaded app no go. :(
fairly useless. this app is difficult to navigate. it doesn't come close to mimicking qbo for pcs. the functionality is very limited. it's ok for looking up some things but difficult to update info such as logging checks or deposits.
great features but very unstable and poor support. i’m an accountant that works with xero, qb and myob. quickbooks online offers probably the best combination of xero and myob’s best features but is let down hugely by the app’s instability (very slow and regularly crashes) and their support, whilst very friendly, is poor in quality and suffers from obvious lack of proper systems and workflow. we’re holding off recommending qb to clients for these two reasons. they aren’t quite deal breakers but close.
ouickbooks. setting up this quickbooks app is a joke , the system does not work and customer support has an attitude that is not willing to help!
overall i recommend this app. i have a mobile veterinary service and use this for all of my billing while i'm on the road. it saves me time by allowing me to bill my clients on site at the time of service, and even process the credit card if they choose to pay that way. the only downside is that the cost per month lewis going up.
great & smooth accounting app. very good up to keep on top of your finances . it's the best on the market.
cumbersome. qb stinks on ice! i so miss the older versions! oh, qb online will not integrate into turbo tax! i would never use it again if i had a choice. i'm looking into sage. the menus are horrible it's so cumbersome to move from one screen to another. constantly hangs up and freezes!!!
great on the move!. really easy to use, keeps my accounts up to date all the time, so much easier than finding time when i'm back home! clients get invoices instantly and i keep on top of payments and expenses. first class
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
. i've tyred everything!! deleted re download log in log out tryed it on anthoer phone i've rung your company up i've taken out a case and nothing has been done it's under investigation been like 4 days now!!
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
hate it. i officially hate this program and will be changing to another accounting software in july. i have been using quickbooks since 2000 and used to love its simplicity but it has become time consuming and harder to use. make a mistake...can't fix it. if you are away you can' access all the feature using the app  you find a computer and log on.
app not working. the app won't open on my phone.... just says downoading company info. have already rebooted phone and reinstalled
can’t upload receipts. it’s incredibly ridiculous that you can’t upload receipts from anywhere but your photos app. what if you get emailed an invoice? nope can’t upload it!
couldn't do without it. the qb on line version has really simplified our operations. the ability to have multiple users from different locations, especially remote access, has made life easier. either using a laptop or my ipad is great when out of the office. the only thing i've found that the app does not allow me to do is prepare a purchase order. but, there seem to be periodic updates so hopefully this will be coming soon. i would recommend qb to any small business.
. quickbooks. easy to use. upload pics of receipts when purchased. good reconciliation. matches with bank account. authorised.
. i use to love quickbooks but now it's not working anymore. please fix immediately because my whole business is run on this app... are you gonna fix this?
getting there. each update adds more functionality, but much is still missing compared with the pc version.
ahhh. you cant pay employees on the phone or tablet app. its hard to find the login on a normal desktop and when i want to pay an employee the employee section keeps going blank and never loads. this is extremely frustrating!
great app. i use this everyday and love it. very easy to use.
absolutely stunning app. best of all the time n useful too
. it collects all your information first then it tells you it's paid app.
frustrated. the is helpful in many ways, but it crashes too much with ipad and locks you out at random times. the screen locks out of focus sometimes too.
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. how did this pass quality control?
love it. love the app, really intuitive!!! and great customer service!!!
little confusing. been using about a month. find it to be a bit confusing but working thru it.
not user friendly. it’s hard to fill all boxes as do on pc. not user friendly. it’s hard to fill all boxes as do on pc.
. like it but doesn't seem like it syncs with my phone app.
doesn’t always work. says it can’t show details on invoices. annoying.
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
worst thing i’ve ever used.. can i give this no stars, it is awful, as others have said awful support, i’m not vat registered but after an update my account changed so it started calculating vat now left with a massive bill for the accountant to fix all the entries. my advise avoid like the plague, wouldn’t touch this app with a 20m barge pole, it’s the worst app and worst support i’ve ever seen.
very helpful business tool. small construction business, i can do all my basic bookkeeping at lunch hour with this app
. does not work on nexus 6 developer preview
. love the software, the app is very functional and easy to use.
. the best business app
need more work. it’s ok for beginners they still need to improve it
. doesn't do what the advertisements say it does. and the app has so many bugs on my new pixel it's not worth it.
exactly what i need. the app combined with the online system does exactly what i need it to do. i can invoice clients as soon as i've left their premises, no more trying to keep a record and doing the paperwork later. invoice matching and bank data feeds make reconciliation so easy. this has reduced the amount of time i spend on my accounts significantly. goodbye sage, hello qb online. happy customer.
"""great for working on the go"". perfect way to send estimate and generate orders. obtaining signature on phone great for pod, just like ups. it's worth the $10 a month. thanks quick books!!!"
update. says update required to use. i go to the app store to update and no update is available. been using it and working great till this.
this app is great. this is what i call android accounting ! everything at the tip of your fingers to keep your business up to date.
business owner. this app has all the features i need to run a small but quickly growing business. easy to navigate.
lacks functionality. i used to use a desktop version and wish i hadn't switched. i can't easily add interest to late payments, can't track vendor insurance expirations. doesn't seem like much to ask.
. doesn't do what the advertisements say it does. and the app has so many bugs on my new pixel it's not worth it.
accept button. accept button in banking is not working after update
. this app works amazing for my cleaning business! couldnt live without it, and it saves me a lot of money instead of paying an accountant
love it!. we've used qb for about a decade, and looove the new app. makes life easier!!
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use! still not working! uninstalling for now! i hope that you fix it!
sage. there are far too many bugs for my business to depend on this. what is really more important than dependability in book keeping software? besides there are very limited features to begin with.
solid for business. great app for a small nonprofit. easy to navigate and i appreciate the prompts!
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
great app. best app ever for a mobile business.
amazing app. i love this app makes everything easier for me and faster. this app is amazing i just love it!
. great app
. love that i can create estimates, invoices, and view my banking account activity all on the go with one app.
work done sheets. this is good. could there be a work sheets which can carry information like cossh, removals of waste, costs of material and work done which could be added dates gps photo to the invoice. i really think this would make this program the best. cheers tim
. please update. can't login
why bother?. don't understand why they bothered developing this app? much more functionality available using safari and logging into quickbooks!
incredible. this is an incredible application. if you're looking to intuitively streamline your business this is definitely the app for you!
. login with google sign on sends me out to my browser then asks for password creation. continuous loop back to app then back to browser. have not been able to log in once. followed directions online for help still unable to sign in. no other app does this. guess im stuck using my desktop for quickbooks. may have to look into an alternative.
best accountant i’ve used.. seriously helped me narrow down how many hats my small business required me to wear. wish i done it sooner.
. i use this app all the time.
overdue but great! gorgeous!. this app is way, way overdue, but at least they got it right the first time around. no it doesn't do everything the website does, but nailed, adding buttons (functionality) is the easy part. it's definitely one of the best looking apps on my ipad.
love this product. i've been using qb for years. every year it get better than the year before. i won't use any other accounting software.
great app. great app for someone on the go. chris
east coaster. i love the online version. i can use my laptop, ipad or iphone to update, send quotes or invoices and even take payments via email.
it's adequate. i still can't search my customers by my address in the app, i can't pay taxes, print via google print, or do a lot of what i can do with my online version. the new version of quickbooks online even looks like it was meant for touch capacitive screens, why can't this be the same? 2 stars because it works, but it was a stunted attempt.
ok but.... qb is ok. major flaw however when trying to look at a customer's order history. the list of invoices does not show the memo so you can tell what item the invoice is for. this is a serious problem.
excellent. quickbooks online works great for me and makes my work much easier especially with the phone app
app will not open after update. app will not open on my iphone, making it impossible to input expenses and worse still accept payment on jobs!
excellent app for small business!. i have to say that i have ised several versions of quickbooks however; the quickbooks online is the best yet!
changed my business. this app has worked wonderfully. it fills the role of a second employee. accounting has never been so easy for both myself and for my clients to complete their bill.
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
very good app. in general very good app. missing key features like banking, updates etc.
. does not work with marshmallow 6.0
. great app, much easier to invoice customers.
". error message that cannot be fix ""cannot add this invoice, if error continues, please contact support"" that cannot be fix from quickbooks my android app been like this close to 1 month cannot create invoices estimates so on my business suffer cause of that, have use regular computer to create what was said. not good for business all subscriptions are active."
forced payroll system not working. since march 2017 our payroll that they force you to pay for if you have employees has not working correctly. edd efile is non existent, cannot archive reports, and irs efile is sporadic. customer service wont credit any amount nor can they fix the problem even after “escalating” it to priority customer support. three “cases” opened, none of which fixed the problem. do not buy this product.
after a year, still not comfortable. not sure if it's me or the program.
. dashboard is broken!! loads but shows up blank. i can see things in the activity page but everything else doesn't work!! please fix this. i'm running android 10
. half the time it won't email out an estimateinvoice. owning a business, this should be resolved.
. i love this app.
. awesome... works across all of my devices so i can invoice, receive payment and create customers wherever i am. i can even check to see who has and hasn't paid me and send a reminder email to them if needs be, all from my phone, tablet or laptop... should have used this ages ago instead of previous well known others.
. best accounting app (online software) by far
crashes. constantly crashes and doesnt work as promised.
check payment image. i wish if i can take of the customer check payment image and with in it on the app. both of them times it’s hard to search for invoice number and when customers overpay the system does not stop them and the refund process is so difficult.
broken. can’t save any new invoice sales receipt... ipad pro iphone xs max nothing works
it is very easy to use. the app may not have the power or flexibility of the web client, or pc installed application, but it works well and is very easy to use.
. this app is terrible. they keep increasing the price but the quality doesn't change. i have to go on the desktop to attach pdf files. i use to be able to attach pdf files from the app but not anymore. each upgrade gets worse and the price keeps going up. still they keep asking for my feedback. it's the same. once i find the time to switch in done with quickbooks.
. it is very nice application, i like it, but we wish in future to be supported by arabic language so we can fit new rules issuing invoices in both english an arabic
qb online. this software is good but lacks shelf assessment options and the price is slowly getting to much per month. currently just gone up to £21.50month so time to look for a cheaper sole trader option
great app!. this app saves me so much time! it lets me run my business much more efficiently! wouldn't be quite as successful without it. it also has very professional invoices and estimates
. apps bad after last update... you can't easily see invoice and or estimate amount anymore, you have to click each invoice & estimate to see numbers... i will be changing program's soon if not fixed.... we need to be able to easily scroll up and down the hundreds of open invoices and see where things are, not open each invoice to get information... way to timeconsuming... can't screenshot what's going on because the update before prohibits this now.... please devs fix
. doesn't update banking and doesn't have a taxes tab
abc air conditioning. fantastic, simple and has made a massive difference
awesome app. simple, clean. just need the banking feed for the android in canada please!
helps me so much. new business owner, this app has been so helpful. can do estimates send invoices and input expenses from any where, weather im at the store or on the go i can work
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
. simple to use and powerful tool
great app!. i am not an accountant nor have i ever been interested in kreping the books! quick books online is an awesone tool that simplifies and centralizes the job of running the finances of a business. i thoroughly enjoy the interface and actually look forward tonentering data and running reports! eric
good for viewing, not for editing. can't seem to figure out how to allocate new transactions.
. great app but have had issues with mileage tracking freezing up while i am categorizing. it then kicks me out.
love quickbooks app. very easy to use definitely recommend
easy to use!. love being able to take photos of receipts on the go!!
mr. brilliant app
. the only down side i find that i cant check the inventory from the app which rely effect the mobility of it
. a sham of a company, that don't care if your data goes missing, or you have to waste hours of your life rebuilding expenses and mileage data from other sources. the app isn't reliable, doesn't integrate with your other accounting and it's difficult to use. steer clear.
". constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
keeps crashing. crashes every time i try to delete an item from an invoice i’m creating.
very solid app.. a couple gripes, but overall great user experience.
every small business needs this. you have no idea how this app boosted our mobile productivity, billing and cashflow efficiency. we are a family blue collar business, no one here loves paperwork, we love our phones and vehicles though and quickbooks online allows us spend very little time at the office and more time doing things we actually charge $$$ for doing.
great app!. 2 thumbs up!
participated promoted priceless!. it enhances your ability to multitask better than others. sleek app for all business owner's success!
review. i am self employed, i find quickbooks is easy to use as my business is extremely simple. i do have an issue with the annual cost. i think that you should have different rates for individuals like myself who only use it a few times a week.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
loving it!. very simple and user friendly.
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have littleno confidence in the product.
complete waste of time.. 100% completely useless and a total embarrassment. in the year 2013 quickbooks is the only company left that cannot figure out how to make their full product work on an ipad. please fire your entire tech department and hire a high school kid with skills.
app ruined. come on!!!!! the app is totally unusable now. can't save invoices, can't email them to the right person and can't create them with the correct info. this is the type of screw up that someone should be fired over.
. great app.
bad update. can no longer accept credit card payments. keep getting error code 6000. tech support advised this is a known issue but no eta on fix. please revert back to previous version.
. its perfect for a small or big buisness. the quickbook invoicing is programed so user friendly its incredible how fast i can do an estimate, load all my documents, upload pictures, email directly to your customer and have them sign the screen right on your cell phone. not to mention its doing your bookkeeping at the same time. i absolutely love it!
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
. error message when i try to log in on my tablet. customer service offers little assistance after a long time on hold. this experience makes accounting for my small business even more unbearable. (update 11418): i dropped the review down to one star (from 2) because the error message is yet to be resolved on my tablet, three months later, and qb has increased the cost of their simple start plan by 30%. lame.
great app. i have been using it and it is good. though i wish more features were added for suppliers.
great app when it works.... after update to ios 13 as well as the latest version of the qbo app, i cannot access supplier information. on top of that, i am unable to save expenses that i am trying to enter too. there goes the productivity. qbo team really need to be better at this!
. was using quick books online on laptop and it was fantastic, now since have to be on the move, am using on my android phone to generate invoices and it amazing experience, just dont need laptop anymore. great stuff. recommend to all smes
. awsme app
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
. great app, does what it says.
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
great timesaver. i used the free app and i have made up my mind that i will be purchasing this for my small construction business.
easy and efficient!. the app serves perfectly to capture transactions on the go, snap a pic and enter amount and accounts then review later if needed on a computer. simple, some people expect this to be fully functional for some reason; if you need a fully functional program then you really should have the appropriate expenses towards computers and software anyways. this app makes the book keeping process easy as cake for clients and the accountant.
. very slow app
good app. this app is great for on the go but still needs a few things to be fixed like when i mail the invoices or estimates to my customers they always have trouble recieving them..
best business app. i never write reviews but had to for quickbooks. absolutely love. couldn't run my business without it. have recommend it to everyone.
very disappointing. very limited subset of the online product. the fact that i can't see all my normal reports makes no sense. and can't log in through the browser, so ipad is pretty useless tool for quickbooks. funny thing is that there is beta version for iphone that is more functional. wish it worked on ipad.
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
. it works so great to do invoices and sales receipts right at the construction job site.
transactions not showing up. was good now horrible. last 2 entered don't show up but when i enter it shows duplicate
app ruined. come on!!!!! the app is totally unusable now. can't save invoices, can't email them to the right person and can't create them with the correct info. this is the type of screw up that someone should be fired over.
. amazingly easy app to use for profitloss and invoicing for my small business. well worth the money.
great for small startup. just started using the app as the business grows it has been easy to track travel expenses and everything else we need to keep growing.
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
handy for sole trader. some things aren’t available on the app, like editing your invoices.
. great app easy to navigate
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
junk. won't sign in crashes in sign in screen
it's okay. i like being able to do banking on the app but need more. i can't record a bill to a vendor, i can't mark a payment to undeposited funds. i would love these features
loss of functionality. i had been using this app for a while without any real issues. however, recently the 'expense' button that pulls up from the '+' menu on the home screen is grayed out...thus rendering the app fairly useless on the go! intuit said they unfortunately didn't have the ability to fix issues with the app.
. i have trouble logging in the app won't let me it keeps saying my password is incorrect and i've reset it so many times and nothing works.
nightmare to dream app. might help save a lot of angst between my wife and i when it comes to invoicing, collecting, and tracking. looks very promising, invoiced thousands with it last night with relative ease on two macs, two samsung smartphones, and an asus laptop. updated fine across all devices. am curious about mileage tracking and auto populating from my google calendar.
intuitive and very useful!. i'm surprised at how easy this app is to use and how much functionality it has. i'm able to do pretty much all of my typical day to day tasks within this app. it's extremely useful to be able to quickly put together an estimate for a client from my phone or categorize a transaction. intuit, you've done a great job here!
. just unistalled and reinstalled the app hopefully it is going to work. after doing over 70 invoices it stopped working dashboard showed blank 😕
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck."
easy to use. excellent app. very straight forward to use. the only issue i have is not been able to raise purchase orders on the app. this is very important to me because of the nature of my business, other than that it's spot on.
missing features. won't let you attach pdfs. only photos. gives no reason why. the web let's you use pdf. i deal with pdf everyday. pdf is not new. bizarre arbitrary choice by qb. also keeps popping up notifications saying invoices are overdue. they are not.
horrible. what a joke. all i want to do is be able to go to my online account. every time i try to do that it pops up to install this app. i did. now when i go in nothing looks the same or works the same. you would think i would be able to go online without this horrible app. i would give it zero stars if i could.
pretty but not functional. it's bizarre how the graphics continue to be improved but the functionality doesn't. i've been trying to use this app for years but the features i need on the go are missing such as timekeeping. mostly this app seems to work a lot like you would imagine quicken mobile to work, by being able to look up past banking transactions. but i can do that on my banking apps for free already.
do it if you can get it to work. i loved the mobil app but intuit doesn't support it any longer. they want you to do the $54.00month hosting instead. i called twice today to try to get this app working and they said it wasn't their app. if you can get this to sync with you qb software, go for it.
. slow, laggy and pretty featureless
quickbooks online accounting software.. this app is not a doubleentry system accounting app, but rather a singleentry bookkeeping in which you only need to log each transaction of income or expense once, in the way quicken and other check writing software programs work,
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
even worse after last update. didn't think the time loading could get any worse. i was wrong. ap is pretty much useless while with a customer. everything takes forever to load. need to sign in every. single. time. then you click out of the ap and right back in and it makes you use the touch id. super sucky. i very much dislike, yet i need to use it everyday. ugggggggg.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app.
love itrepeat user. i love quickbooks because of the ease of getting things done in accounting. i am by no means an accountant but this does everything for me and i just hand it to my accountant at the end of the year which makes it so easy.
. very helpful and detailed information in reports. couple functionality issues when entering credit card transactions. overall, pretty awesome
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
. so slow to picture receipts and save as a note!!! just scanning 6 invoices took about 20 minutes. nightmare.
. growing to like this app
app crashes. since the recent update i can't get past the login page before the app crashes. makes doing work harder. what's next?
this update is total trash!!!!. errors on just about everything i try to do and things save twice and web pages aren't ready for ipad pro! don't update!!!!!
. would be nice to be able to record deposits through the app. the whole reason i have this app is so i don't have to go onto a pc. also, an option for digital payment, ie paypal venmo etc.
. excellent does everything i need
unreliable. seems to have several issues when using apple products. macipad or phone.
. not being free hurts. if this app was free and did not require a subscription to use for us that buy qb pro i would give this app a 45 star rating. this app is not perfect but what really hurts it is the price being 10 dollars a month to use this app.
takes some learning. once you get the ins and outs of it the system is amazing!!!!!
great cloud based platform with all the features i need.. qb online is a phenomenal cloud based accounting platform (when using apple products). quick easy invoicing, banking, payroll, and report generation for the business owner on the go. seamless integration from mobile device to desktop with realtime updates and editing across all users. this platform slow me to run my $1.5 mil small business from my bed, boat, camper...virtually anywhere i have cellular signal. it allows me to be as mobile as i wish.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
lame. i don't understand how anyone can make an app that isn't fully functional on an ipad.
subscription errors. nothing but problems since january. i switched from the download to the app so i could do it at home and it's been nothing but problems, and not even the same ones!!! i have 2 companies, it's june, and i'm still trying to get this straightened out to input this years data.
ease of use. being able to utilize the app on mobile has made billing my customers so much easier for my transport company. editing and immediately sending invoices for quick pay is a great option as well. i've been a quickbooks user for 20 years now and will likely not stop anytime soon.
. i was charged but unable to use the app or online account and had to subscribe again through the real quickbooksonline. google play charged me but i had no access to do anything in my account so i had to pay twice. the app designer made it right though and refunded one of the charges.
. great way to keep track of my invoices for my company
great app. the app is great for on the move and for keeping you up to date on invoice payments, you believe you can invoice from the app but we only use it for day to day updates
business owner. could use more features and customization on forms and invoices. some basic functions are missing. otherwise helpful. would recommend for a small business.
so efficient. qbo is so easy to use. any query i have, the support team always responds within a couple of hours and the way they explain things is in a way that is so easy to understand, and they are just so helpful.i always recommend qbo to anyone that asks what software i use.
too many error messages. for what you pay for a quickbooks online account, this app for ipad and iphone is really disappointing. i get an error message almost every single time i try and enter a new transaction. sometimes it works despite the error message, sometimes it doesn't. but i get the error every time. i can't even access the banking functions as i get an error message and nothing will load. the only function that seems to work properly is the reports section.
this has helped me have a life. without this software i would be buried in paperwork . it helps me stay organized. i have been using one version or another since 2003. thank you
missing too much functionality. basic features like looking at an account are missing. my chart of accounts are listed but clicking to view transactions says this account not viewable in the mobile app.
. a lot to learn but works well.
jason arnold. so far quickbooks has been great. their program has some flaws i’m told they are working on. the payroll is very very slow to get up and running. but all i. all it saves me time and money
. love it so easy to navigate
rubbish. app crash every second
multiple selection?. hey is it possible to do multiple when using this app on iphone like it’s possible when using my ipad. if not can you make it possible.
excellent solution. moved from qb desktop longtime user 9+ years this app and the online approach work really well.
life saver!. i absolutely love this app. when i first started out and i didn't have that many funds in the bank, this was one expense i didn't even have to overthink. after using quickbooks online app for only a week i knew i could never go back to organizing my finances on my own. i use it every single day!
. this is a great app, once you figure it out. it is best to have a working knowledge of accounting, or at least how to keep and balance a checkbook. there are many features. some you won't need, but could come in handy as you grow a business. i found the app helps. if you don't forget to use it. keep your receipts. duh.
. very useful app.
. the app offers very few features.
expenses. how can i add a credited amount in expenses? in the qb online mobile apps??
excellent program. we are extremely happy with this program, it has made our company administrators live so much easier.
. everytime need to key pass word. finger print funtion no use for full screen mobile phone. not user friendly enough
great app. works great
. awesome makes life easier for once
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
don't like new update. i prefer buttons actions on the bottom than puede corner and still missing two things, send invoices by text, fax, edit or view notes online
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. edit: the developers comment below doesn't work as of 130619
"a great tool for accountants. this online version for my phone & ipad has come in so handy to check client info on the go...as well as categorize waiting transactions while i am out and about. i still use the qbo version on my laptop for ""major"" work. but being able to see things while i am out of the office is super helpful!!"
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
. great app to finish your business when not in office
too many error messages. for what you pay for a quickbooks online account, this app for ipad and iphone is really disappointing. i get an error message almost every single time i try and enter a new transaction. sometimes it works despite the error message, sometimes it doesn't. but i get the error every time. i can't even access the banking functions as i get an error message and nothing will load. the only function that seems to work properly is the reports section.
. great app! let's me keep up with my business on the fly!
daily user of this app. getting better and better keep up the development i appreciate it.
not working after ios13 update. updated to apples latest software and this app stopped working
unwanted changes. we pay for the service, yet intuit dictates changes to our invoices that have doubled our paper use as well as anger our customers. you make the changes without any notice or options to do otherwise. nasty, mean dictatorial behavior!
love it! makes my life easier.. qbo is a must have especially if you are a one man operation.
works good. easy to use.. it's really easy to file expenses with this. that's all i really need a mobile accounting app for.
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
online quick books. great app but way too expensive! $15 per month is a bit on the high side.
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month.
not that great. was pretty good before the last update. new update is terrible, would be happy to speak with the suits upstairs. unable to fix this. makes it very frustrating. please fix this, straight away.
. great accounting app. would not be able to run my business without it.
. all of my accounting is done through this app from quotes to invoicing. i also use this app for payments from clients with credit card.
. great app
. great app and very simple to use. just what my construction company needed to be legit
. the quickbooks app has been a life saver! very easy to use and helps when i need to do estimates or invoices on the go.
great app. very good have had no issues with it
. this app is the biggest piece of shut app i've ever used invoice asap is 10 times better yes it will connect with quick books but quick books on this app particularly online sucks dick i would rather have a disc version on my computer then online version whom ever came up with this version should have their hands chopped off
". i laughed at one of the quickbooks employees response to the app being slow... they said their goal is to make it as convenient as the qbo app... lol lol bad comparison. online version is tragically slow, short of (what should be) obvious capabilities, even some quickbooks older versions have had for years. and, when challenged, their tech support essentially says ""we are quickbooks if you don't do it our way or using our workaround then you must be doing it wrong"""
. great app. very helpful.
no way to select india as a country. hello i am using iphone xs .. i downloaded ur app .. i am not able to select india as the country.. what seems to be the problem ?
. this is a pretty amazing service, and i highly recommend. the only complaint i have is that the setup of products doesn't make a lot of sense to me, by way of required categories that i don't quite have nailed down, but honestly that seems more like user error. love it, haven't looked back since.
qb app is awsome. i really like the options on the app. makes my business easy to run
. very good app for small business owners
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
. horrible
. very easy for emailing estimates.
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up!
very limited... quickbooks is one of the best accounting tools out there... however this app is very limited. ipad is a very powerful device. but this app doesn't take advantage of that. things like: * auto save invoices to the files app * option to choose payment type * when you paste an email from the email apps, it doesn't recognize those emails.. * option to add company stamp and seal to the invoices
very disappointed. moving to a different invoicing product.
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
perfect for a small consulting firm. this app is everything i need for my consulting firm. easy to use and easy to keep track of expenses on the road. invoicing is a breeze. love the data in the cloud. take a pic and throw away those receipts! works flawlessly between my mac, ipad and iphone. no complaints whatsoever.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
poor software and worse support. software has limited features and the support agent gave me 3 different answers to 1 question. what hope does anyone else have with support like that. avoid this product
qb online is great!. i love this application. intuit really did a fantastic job with both the online web access and the apps to support the service. i fully recommend it to anyone who asks me what is the best accounting package on the internet.
. easier to use service with website through browser. i like the idea of an app but it seems confusing and limiting at the same time.
why don't have auto feel?. outo sense is not working.pick your item from product list (lose time) it's difficult to use online app. they have to make better like invoice2go
. the desktop app is great, the mobile android one is bad, it freezes all thr time, crashes, doesn't work.
yudi m.. i use this app all day, i love it.
simple and good. easy to use. user friendly.
can't even login. useless program  i can only use web browser to access, app is not working at all
. not very user friendly. can't preview invoices. can't load tax keeps giving errors. can't setup invoice layout with logo ect.... already paid in advance but can't use it.
. great business app
login. wont let me log in on app or internet
. this app not work in my phone .i am opening this the screen is black.i am purchased 1 year subscription in last two days back.
. great service especially for a company on the go or starting up. would be better if it was optimized for the galaxy tab s4 . since it constantly crashes on it...
best invoice app. easy to use quickly paid
. nice accounting apps.. very usefull..
. great app .
. great app, very ready to track income and expenses. making and tracking invoices is so easy even easier then on the computer, reports and everything is really easy to access and track.
great. app
makes my work easier and faster. this apps worth every dollar i paid for.. it makes everything easier and faster
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
. great little app. like that it syncs with online version. also like the big fonts and easy to read.
. with the new update my other user can't track miles when i rely on him to do it, completely useless update that changed the user settings.
great app. makes my life so much easier!
. user friendly
business owner must have. great app to work on the go. create, modify and email invoices. keep track of anything financial on your handheld device. fully automated office on the go for the busy self employed entrepreneur.
steve brownunited fire consultants. we have used quickbooks in our business since our beginning. quickbooks has been very instrumental in our growth, and maintaining our customer, and invoicing solutions. we will continue our relationship with quickbooks in our future business endeavors. respectfully, steve brownunited fire consultants.
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
terrible support  avoid. terrible, terrible support. continual promises of call backs from customer support agents on live chat never happen because the bugs you find are too hard. open tickets for bugs never get resolved. you ask for a supervisor or manager and you have to email the person you’re complaining about?! get told that because of system bugs you have to manually delete the key back in multiple entries. you’ll be left at year end with books that don’t balance like me. avoid!
. i have always been loyal user of qb. this app is great.
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk please tell me who to email in response qb
session expired loop. every time i log in i get a session expired message and logs me out. app is not usable.
pos for the online version. very unhappy because after 5 years they still don’t have a pos system for the online version.
. great app. i have had excellent customer service experiences.
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
keeps crashing. keeps crashing and doesn't track mileage for work and charity. really disappointing.
. user friendly. very helpful for invoices.
a great improvement over the mac desktop version. it saves me tons of time that i used to spend recording payments, expenses and running reports. client payments are easily paid via credit card by the client and automatically applied to the invoice. it has simplified my accounting.
not a good app. too many bugs.
useful tool. very convenient. it's good to not have to log around a laptop everywhere. instant access from anywhere. i love this. great idea!
it's exactly the apps i need. simple to use. have all the features i need for my food truck business
excellent business app. a must have for small businesses. excellent.
easy and userfriendly always available. i've only worked with quickbooks desktop version. so far i have been using this for a week it allows me to do invoices on the fly. and i can check my staff input at any time, very handy would recommend to anyone. especially small business!
almost perfect. it would be perfect if there was an overview dashboard that showed outstanding invoices like the online dashboard.
pool guy. quickbooks forced me to update from our quickbooks mobile windows invoicing system to quickbooks mobile with only five days notice. this was very poorly planned by quickbooks and put us in a bind. however the new quickbooks mobile online system is truly fantastic and offers many more powerful features and ease of accessibility. recommendation: this app needs the ability to create a monthly statement that i can email from my phone to my customers. currently i can only do this from a laptop.
. it keeps things simple for us.
. love this app!! so simple and extremely convenient.
. awesome book keeping app.
. i messaged support about my subscription it was not what i wanted. i cancelled the account last month and was still billed and on the subscription. would like a refund on my card
. love my quickbooks online, but this app lacks the one feature i need. i'm an attorney and want to be able to add single time activities. it's often when i am out and about that i need to capture some time, and this app would make all the difference.
very unstable!. downloaded the new version but the app consistently crashes just after login. real shoddy development and testing by intuit.
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
. very easy app to use, helps keep all my expenses organized.
. does all that i need for my lawn and landscape company.
. this app has helped its tracked and it's made things with my accounts look like i know what i'm doing
app stopped loading after ios update. please fix
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
amazing. it is a great app. so powerful i can do my full estimate and invoice and the best feature entering in my receipts for expenses and it's so easy!
. po , translation invoice, how to add discount?
. great with invoices and estimates on the go. and i can see our sales dashboard wherever we go.
crash issues. this app crashes on the new iphone 11 pro max using ios 13. please release updates to resolve the issue.
really useful. great app allowing me to raise invoices whilst on site, confirm details with clients and syncs with the software back at the office.
. será que me pueden ayudar, no puedo hacer ningún tipo de registro en el sistema. envié un correo y nadie me ha respondido
can't do much. among other things, you can't enter billable time. this would be my main use for this app.
i love quickbooks!. if you have a small business, using quickbooks is a no brainer! awesome program and i would highly recommend it!
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
. i cant even login. the apps crush everytime i am trying to login!!
great support. i love the support you can get when having difficulty or when trying to find a more efficient way of doing things. i just wish i could load more than one photo at a time as i often attach 3 or 4 before and after photos and that is very time consuming.
. is this app for jewellers?
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
. does not work for this guy.cant even link my bussiness account to it.worthless waste of money.i feel scamed
great app. this is exactly what i need to manage my small business. it also keeps my accounting bills smaller.
. since the most recent update i cannot see my dashboard or add expenses to my company. fix it. done all diagnostic steps so this update is invalid. galaxy s10+ here
. great and easy to invoice all my customers. my customers enjoy using quickbooks because its easy to pay and also accepts mastercard.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing i can't create and send my invoice please fix asap
. good support so far, big program, lots of tools.
quickbooks. it's a great app.
convenient, convenient, convenient!. as a small contractor always on the go this app is great with easy access to all my info. only downfall is lack of progress billing from an invoice, but i have found a work around.
very convenient, its great access. could be more useful if advanced features allowed access to edit more, like editing products
best invoice app available. so far the best, has everything you need and more, it's like everything you pay for what you get.
. very excellent app
. worst app don't use it. it shows us a very professional look and feel but truth is that it doesn't work in android mobile in india and online version of desktop is totally sucks just because it is very slow. these peoples are making fool of us totally.
. sucks
what a joke. i am not a software developer and who ever designed this joke is not one either
the app is good. it works well for me
. dashboard unable to load after dozens of reinstalls, reboots and even on another phone entirely. ever since the new redesign the app has been riddled with intermittent loading of the dashboard to now nonexistent. tmobile, oneplus 6t tmobile, samsung galaxy note 10+
. it would be good to be able to save pdf receipts downloaded to my mobile straight onto the app. all i can do just now is take a screenshot.
horrible. app force closes. give me a refund on my account if i can’t access it mobile..... 0 stars
horrible. what a joke. all i want to do is be able to go to my online account. every time i try to do that it pops up to install this app. i did. now when i go in nothing looks the same or works the same. you would think i would be able to go online without this horrible app. i would give it zero stars if i could.
great and very useful. don't leave home without it
love this app!. i have my own business and quick books makes my life a lot easier.
sloooooooowwwww!!! iphone 6. very slow to do simple things like log an expense. camera feature is useless with crop feature. can i have the option to turn this off? just wanna take a photo without auto crop which 90% does a bad job. other than that its great :)
quick rip for me.. i find this app so frustrating and difficult. i have had it for nearly a year, paying for the services i can't even use. i have been trying to cancel it but there seem to be no option on the app. the website is asking me to trial the whole thing again. i can't even call and talk to a person. hhhhelp. i need to cancel.
. excellent app. crazy versatile. love that they supply a basic reader free of charge. lots of ways to accept payment. input expenses so you can write them off for taxes. nice. stoked to use it.
love this app. couldn't see running my business without it!!
great app. i was reluctant to make the switch to online, but now i'm glad i did! app is awesome and quick. great for small businesses.
. works well and great support thanks!
not easy to use. simple tasks like entering a transaction are complex. app and online qb have a slow response when tapping things. just overall frustrating trying to switch from desktop qb to the app and online qb.
. words cannot express how unfriendly this platform and interface is. both on app and desktop. nothing is plain and simple, switching back to invoice2go as i've been trying to create an estimate for over 6 hrs here and it takes me 5 mins on invoice2go
waiting for delayed charge on mobile app.. otherwise, its good!
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
very convenient. i love this app. with the pay now option im able to get paid before i even had a chance to get back to the office.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go and how it syncs with quickbooks online.
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
mostly simple app. mostly simple app. only issue is posting payments to invoice within app but online no problem.
awful. slow, takes ages to load photos, can only load one photo at a time. constant errors where the invoice will be paid twice
signin process needs work. i allow fingerprint signin, but that option doesn't show up when i need to signin. i enabled twostep verification and set up google authenticator, but when i signin the only option is text message. the whole process just feels very sloppy and halfassed.
works great, most of the time.. when it works well it is great, and that is most of the time! of course it isn't perfect and hangs up or doesn't update sometimes without explanation or reason. overall worth using though as i do often.
. it's a good app. it's a little complex compared to others. it's like it's made by accountants for accountants. not made for people who need help with accounting.
. 1720 update  i had used the mobile app for android for quite a long time with no issue and then approximately one month ago after an update the dashboard no longer has any information and is blank. i can still see activity but there's no way to get to customers or any of the other functions. i've emailed previously with no response. previous review: works well for viewing quickbooks info and taking payments
another weak quickbooks mobile app. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my pc...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then??
great for contractors. on the go app that helps with contracts and invoices . i can use ipad or even phone to show my clients and get approval and signature for new contracts . just what i was looking for
quickbooks online + app. quickbooks online is making my business accounts so easy. the bank connections feature allows you to sync online accounts straight into your account records. when new transactions are available, you can view and add them straight into your accounts, made easier by quicbooks match feature that marks transactions with previous similar transactions. support during setup period has been excellent which has made switching from another online accounting software quite an easy process. very impressive so far.
simple and efficient. this makes invoicing on the go so simple. i love that it syncs with my computer and i can take a photo of receipts and it adds them to my expenses. very convenient
great app for my business. so easy to use this on the go. love it.
. quickbooks makes my life so much easier for writing amd sending estimates and invoices. there are so many other things that quickbooks can do that im slowly learning. im writing so many estimates and getting so much work from easier estimate and invoice writing its really hard for me to get the time sit down amd learn everything else quickbooks has to offer.
boost to my business image with my ipad!. i went from handwriting every estimate, sales receipt and invoice to bringing in new paperless technology. at the end of the day i would have to have my wife input everything in our quick books online. then file everything in our office. it's not only impressive to our clients, but it also eliminates filing and an extra step of data entry, it saves time and money and gives you a competitive edge over your competition!
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
can't offline book keeping.. it's terrible that you can't add expenses when offline. the app needs internet constantly and that's very frustrating as lots of my business is outside of network. basically the app is useless if you don't have internet!
doesn’t work like the app on a pc. the fact that the apps are not the same on a pc than on the ipad or mobile is frustrating. can’t see running totals on the register, can’t add transactions the same way, etc. and the kicker is the website version doesn’t work at all on the ipad, can’t scroll through the register because scroll bars are absent in chrome or safari. horrible adaptation and makes the ipad useless to conduct accounting business with quickbooks...
. i use quickbooks on a daily basis and having a mobile app makes my job so much easier!! you can do anything on the app that you can on the computer. i'll continue to use this great service and app for my business.
you need to purchase one per company. if you own multiple companies this software may not work for you. unless you rather pay double and in my case triple for each software per company. highly disappointed and no one that would solve it. regretfully invested.
not able to login. never download this app. i have reported this error many times to the quickbooks support team. till this date they haven't even just looked into this issue.
. this app constantly signs itself out. it takes forever to load. quickbooks online has been a mistake from the start but i'm vested. its going to be difficult to change but i'm going to find someone else. the iphone app sucks worse.
great. easy estimate, signing, invoicing process.
great app. i’ve been using this app for about a week now so far it’s been great.
. awful customer service
simply superb!. quick books app really took my accounting overview in a single glance. thanks qb team for amazing ui
. it's a good app only thing is sometimes it takes a while to upload but it could be the servers of our phone
packing slip. please add option to print packing slip from the app
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
best app for any business. i'm a musician and this app helps keep track of all my gigs and insures proper payment!
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
buyer beware crash instantly on iphone 6. this app works sometimes but it will instantly crash and doesn't operate properly on my iphone 6 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work properly. why don't you guys fix this? also, it annoyingly downloads company info every time you open it which takes what seems like hours. i have a very small landscape business. should this be the case? come on intuit! get your act together
. it truly has made my life easier when doing business with my customers!
brilliant!!!!. works like a dream with qb online. i can finish a job and then send the invoice from my phone (whilst sitting at home drinking a cuppa!). can you set up notifications for when an invoice is viewed by the customer?
best. app ever
. app wont log in to my samsung phone, tried a number of different things including deleting data and cache as well as uninstallinstalling it. i know my account is fine because it works on my apple phonecomputer with no issues. please help!
it's only a trial. this looks brilliant until you've set up the account only to find out that it's a 30 trial. by that time they've got your email. well done them. clever!! immediately deleted
nocturnalvicky394@gmail. awesome app, thanks
makes life easier!!. quickbooks online, the app, and gopayment have all made my life so much easier. i can now track things in the go and accept payments right on my phone. it works seamlessly!
. i run all aspects of my life from church to finance from the app
update ruined app. crashes constantly and that when you can get in. half the time it’s ‘downloading company data’ and won’t let you do anything. i find this making it actually harder to run my business.
making our life much easier. this has made running 2 small companies so much easier. the product was recommended by our accountant and has made our accounting faster, simpler and hassle free. highly recommended.
. these days, i'm having trouble attaching my pdf scans of receipts to my expenses. i keep getting the error message that says that it can't be processed right now and i have to contact 1800... for assistance. please do something about it! it's getting really frustrating.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
great app. accounting on the go!. ahh my favorite part of the day just got a whole lot easier. this app lets you track you individual transactions on the fly. it also lets you categorize and itemize expenses. if you like neat books and your on your phone a lot this app makes things easy. it's free so just try it out.
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
. seriously? this is the best you can do? ! so limited on basic functions. *updated review nice try quickbooks on the reply...no, your laughable update is ridiculous! not to mention the mobile device website lockout to access via mobile browser.... taking away another star for bad public relations. welcome to 1996 if you try to rely on this app for your 2014 business.
kenneth w. elliott sr.. easy to use and easy to personalize almost everything. would like to be able to change the quickbooks automatic invoice number to suit my needs. wish it had quarterly tax payment capability though and be able to send them to the irs.
. thanks for making our financial records tracking make easier. software is amazing. suggestion: please add purchase order in mobile app.
terrible. what a terrible service have been unable to send invoices for 6 months now through there system. they send an email every month to say there engineers are looking into it. really been a total pain wish i never started using it. i tell all my friends and colleagues not to use it use at your peril
great addition to the business. this app couples great with my at home business. love it!
. for over a week, the app has been failing to load my account details. i sent the error report by email too. i am using the correct login info and i have a samsung galaxy s10 plus. the app is poorly designed and maintained... spending all the money on those commericalsads vs on the actual product, not looking to renew once our lisence expires at this rate... we can just build our own system instead or use other functioning ones..
great app always adding new features. great app always adding new features.!
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
. currently a subscriber to many quickbooks services. unfortunately, i am no longer able to access my account via the app on my mobile device after the latest update. will update my rating if the issue can be remedied
. terrible app, customer service is a joke with no follow up. switching to a different accounting software.
security update  unable to sign in. since the security update for sign in features i'm unable to sign into my account using the app.. defeats the purpose of having it aug 23, 2016  just redownloaded the app and have full access once again. oct 20, 2016  unable to select cash, check or credit account to pay an expense.
great tool. awesome app, so far so good
amazing for bussiness. this app is the best thing a small bussiness owner can have two thumbs up and five stars
. if you have a service business and you hate writing up invoices, this is an awesome app. helps you keep up. if you have internet, you can send invoices anywhere in the world at any time
needs a lot of improvement. missing a lot of features and information available with the web browser connection. can't see vendor history. can't sort how inboxes etc are listed. a few other issues. freezes often. in the middle of invoice entry, the system bounced me out for some reason, while not saving the work i had entered to date. did that twice. before i closed out and went to pc web connection. i love the possibility this app offers, development need to fix and enhance
. for running my little business and sending invoices on the fly its great!
. excellent app
don’t ever sign up for subscription services. i signed up for this and forgot my login credentials. it was a pain to figure out how to cancel it.
. great app to stay up with your buisness great app
. won't let me unsubscribe to the app so stuck paying a monthly subscription for a service i don't use. there's better completely free apps out there.
excellent for the it service provider. as an it service provider, this app allows me to log my hours and mileage in the field. i can even email customer invoices immediately after services are performed. this is, of course, paired with quickbooks online plus, which allows you to log hours per customer. highly recommended!!
experience getting worse. entering transaction requires way too many taps. it isn’t location aware to suggest transactions you just always search. recent updates have some bug that makes the app download the data file with almost every login and login often you must. usually twice a week it loses my password. i have enjoyed quickbooks online but this app experience may have me evaluating competitors in december.
does very little. waste of time, minimal functions
new update fail to open. just updated and app will not open
. best ever tried myob and this much better. less actual typing to get things done. great to navigate
. doesn't work
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
i love this app. i love all of the features it currently has. i wish we had more of the controls we had from our qbo web version. 4616  i love that i can now see my check registers & a few other things have been updated. added the final star!
can't imagine not using quickbooks!. so much easier that our previous accounts package. so many apps and addons you can build a complete solution what ever business your in.
. this is seriously a great app. thanks devs
. dashboard does not load. completely useless at this point. cannot invoice, add expenses or write sales receipts.
. great app for my small buisness. quickbooks is always improving. best customer service when you have questions.
useless!. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. mobile apps for ios and android sucks big time!
small electrical business. this software is perfect for anyone starting a business. it keeps everything organized from billing to customer records.
banking on the go!. it's a great app because i can work from anywhere.
. quick books and intuit do not support you or your business if you get scammed. warning do not use this app for credit card transactions. you get screwed. screwed me out of almost $500
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
. we just started our business, and have been pleasantly surprised with the ease of use, and the customer service has been even better.
. why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
needs timesheet support. price went up 100 a year and still no timesheet support outside of desktop app
. i have had this app on my phone for years. i tried opening it and i was told to update the app. so i did. now it will not open. it just keeps telling me to update. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it still does not work. my business is important and this makes me very mad
. full details of the most important things to do with the following link from the uk and ireland and wales with company number of the most important things
great for on the go. i originally only used quick books software on my pc. it was still nice software but i would often find myself behind or forgetting to update my accounts. now with the software on my iphone i can easily update everything immediately. i have been using it for a while now and haven't experienced any problems.
. makes it so much easier to get things done, while i'm on the go go go. it's a great help to my business.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
small business asset. easy way to keep track off all those expenses, invoices, payments etc for a small business owner with little time to spend on administrative stuff.
. it's a good app, but much faster on ios than android. it's excruciating to use on android
convenient access to financial information. we recently switched over from the desktop version of qb and have found the app to be a convenient way to view financial statements. i also really like the ability to take pictures of receipts and attach them to expenses from my mobile phone.
. perfect app
nearly as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices
not working on ios 9. hopefully you all are seeing the crash logs, but after i login to the app it crashes when downloading my company data.
. needs to be updated equivalent to iphone app just switched to an android phone from an iphone. the iphone version was just updated with more features. this app needs to be updated as well. looking forward to the next release.
. great app for any small business would recommend it to anybody who has a small business very easy and accurate
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
. very easy and quick to use, would like to be able to access my invoices and stuff on a browser though
great program!. the pc version is wonderful the mobile app is steadily on its way
. i love this app
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
amazing accounting software for smbs. great capabilities and integrations. only downside is the ios app is not always reflecting all data from the software. i believe this will be fixed soon
few options for a businesses. quickbooks does it right but there are still many options missing. consignment sales for example. being the consignor or consignee
. horrible and prints wrong invoice
. contractor version of the app
excellent. really good app. carry your whole business in your pocket.
horrible and near useless. often doesn't sync properly with online version, customers and invoices disappear, crashes often. basically... find another solution because this one will only drive you insane.
. am loving it makes my life so much easier
. keeps crashing when entering receipts. it's infuriating. updated review 6 months later still crashes when splitting an expense. tried deleting the cache. it's useless.
so easy!. this made things so much easier. my clients are happy with the line itemization. detailed descriptions. doesn't get much better than this.
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
impossible to print packing slip from app?. i would give quickbooks a 5 if it wasn’t so dang hard to print a packing slip from my phone either through the app or quickbooks online. ugh.
great app. i personally find the app easier then the desktop version. everything is quick and easy to do. raise an invoice or estimate instantly and see your bank account balance. great.
. frustrating. slow. pretty much only to be used for creating invoices and receiving payments. maybe reports. wanted something that functioned just like the online version but for my mobile. wanted to catch up on work at opportune moments without having to get the laptop out. would not recommend. client hates it.
great app to run my business. easy invoicing have app set up and operating in less then 30 min
. im not a big on technology but i love this app.
stops unexpectedly. i can never really depend on this app because it shuts down unexpectedly. i can't really get anything done on the mobile app.
. difficult to navigate. starts with fairly useless information that cannot be sorted. does not sync for days on end, so it isn't current. cannot view statements or email one from the field. edit: it is getting easier to navigate and shows more useful information.
. very easy to use with my mobile business. i can instantly manage my finances and customer service. awesome app!
. i do not see an option for entering bills from my suppliers. i have to do bill entry from desktop. also how do i issue purchase orders from this app
this might be 5 stars. the only thing... only thing!!! using square through the app .. or somehow sync invoices so they reflect in qb. if there is a way to do that then this is 5 stars!!
. super easy to use on my galaxy 4 able to invoice clients as i am departing the work site. leads to quicker payments.
. i love the receipt capture feature.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
app no longer works. everything was good with it for about 6 months now the app no longer allows me to log in saying there has been a security problem. other devices work told by quickbooks support it was being looked into 2 months ago and still nothing. very disappointed that i'm paying for this to not work
. great app
works well and good value. we migrated from the desktop version and that was relatively easy to do and the online version is cost effective and does what it says on the tin! it's great that it's on my phone and ipad as well as desktop gives me access when i need it. no issues so far and the support is good.
. good app
. complete app for business
good. nice useful applications
nice app. nice app, quick and easy. smart invoices and bank matches. i don't like paypal, so wouldn't use that payment option.
. good app, simple and yet very decent would give 5 stars but the hardware android menu button doesn't do anything. set it to open that side bar, also it needs a speed increase. sometimes it takes over 40 seconds to update. otherwise great app, easy to use. eagerly await updates to this.
nifty. the app won't do everything the website does, but it's a handy tool for when you're out and about.
breathtaking!!. wow this is an incredible app. i have searched for personal finance software for a long time and it has been a major headache. using quickbooks online is amazing. if they continue to add features to the online product to rival their desktop version i recommend they move completely to the cloud!! so good.
. quickbooks does not work. it's a terrible program with a zero customer support. the problems i have are very basic and i'm certain others experience the same problems yet they are never resolved. i can't attach screenshots and i don't have the patience to enter all the problems experienced but i hate quickbooks and it's a shame that have such a grip on the industry because i would dump them with a smile immediately if i could
great app and accounting. excellent accounting software and a great app as well. nice work qb!
. very go app for on the go
qb app. great to have this access.and it works !
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
awesome. the app provides an excellent opportunity to update all expenditures to find out exactly what's in my bank account anywhere i have signal for my phone.
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
small business? yes you need this. what a way to manage your small business specially if you're in the run send quote invoices and more
very happy. i love this app for my business
. the online version and mobile app helps me stay uptodate vs. the desktop version i previously used. i love it!
not functioning. does not function as expected. vendors do not show any activity...
great business app. i truly do not know where my business would be without this app.
paid for itself in one hour. after a long, frustrating search for a robust but simpletouse accounting platform for my growing fitness business, i came across quickbooks and have been exuberant ever since. my invoices go out on time, expenses go in live, and it even tracks my inventory. paid for itself in the first hour. highly recommend.
excellent on ipad, good on iphone. i use this app on my ipad and iphone, it's pretty good on the iphone but it's darned good on the ipad. hopefully they will develop more features on both over time as it's still not a total replacement for the web browser version.
. slick app designed to make your business life better.
. makes my job so much easier!
ease of use app. loving to use app on phone writing invoices.
update crashed. i have all of my quickbooks point of sale ipads that cannot open the app since the update! we have all had to resort to computers and phones to run our business! you may want to consider this before you join up with quickbooks! they are notorious for problems relating to their quickbooks online.
. easy to use with a clear overview of your business expenses
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
. easy to use, nononsense basic accounting software that even firsttimers like myself can master. smooth invoicing, affordable, all you could really ask for. not as fancy as se other accounting software out there but then again, for a sole trader like me, more than sufficient.
. great software. made my life much much easier!
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
"disappointing. if you also make ""mint"", why make your subscription service app so much worse? mint is great. this app is not."
makes it all the easier. program runs excellent always active on me note 3 a couple of things id love to see added. purchase orders and file attachments to invoices this would perfect it for me.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
does not work. quickbooks will not let me access via my mobile device, neither through my browser or through this app. figure it out guys, smart phones are the most common computers people use these days...
how can a customer approve an estimate??. why do you have the electronic signature function available for the ipad and not android?? it defeats the purpose of having a tablet on the job site. i may as well stick with my 3 part form.
need ipad update. the ipad app should be as capable as the desktop version. when are we going to see this? iphone app is pretty stout but the ipad app needs update and soon.
on job usage. so easy to access invoices and job costing on the job site so easy to make my life easier
great app. i've started using quick books as i switched from kashflow it's much easier and has a great user interface.
business. i'm very happy with this app help me a lot
. good app. like the integration with online accessable pc version.
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue
best bookkeeping app. it has everything you need to make your small business life easy & hassle free!
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
so easy. thank fou for this easy and convenient app to keep our business streamlined!
hopeless. ever since my accountant asked to use it, the app is never able to retrieve any data keeps giving a message to say ‘unable to retrieve data’. what’s the point of the app if i can’t see the dashboard and data when i need to?
user friendly. i can keep track of and operate my business from my phone. love it!
. how do we upload multiple files on app? thanks.
no major complaints thus far. pretty convenient to do on the phone. i guess it's worth the subscription fee.
. very much useful app
good presentation. the app does not provide the option of tds in invoice which is provided in pc browser. so a star less from me
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
room for improvement. it is a great app. it has a lot of room for improvement. i need to be able to assign each expense to individual jobs so i can job cost. also i need to be able to create multiple jobs per customer, ie sub jobs.
. i am totally dissatisfied with qb small business app and quickbooks in general. i'm also using an android and having the same syncing problem. i will be cancelling my subscription with quickbooks altogether and will be going with one of their competitors. it has been a waste of my time with all the phone calls with their technical support in the philippines who gave totally incorrect information about the issue which was clarified when i spoke to customer service in sydney.
. this website is terrible and the customer service is friendly yet not helpful!!! i want to cancel my subscription and yet told to remove the app from my tablet....wrong by removing the app it does not cancel my subscription...very unhappy!!
glitchy software loses emails really crappy support. issues remain for years intuit does not fix. loses emails all the time invoices say sent when they are not.
life saver. apart from the fact i have to input my password every time, this app is a great compliment to the version i use on my laptop. so easy to use, can invoice on the spot. very happy.
five star, defenitly!! :d. quickbook app is a great add to the software program. easy to use, fast and well organize!
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
love the app. the software has ways been my favorite to use for my small business. the app is such a big plus to compliment the web version. helps me keep up with everything i need while traveling awesome
. a really good platform for small business. the program is user friendly and has a great online help community and customer service.
. user friendly... excellent app..
if you’re serious about your business.... if you’re serious about being a business person in the modern era, get familiar with quickbooks and other intuit products. well worth the subscription.
. sucks. terrible app
quickbooksjoist sync. none of this is working at all. for a company that does bookkeeping it’s ironic that i’ve been charged twice in less than thirty days for a trial period!! none of my invoices are synced, estinates are counted as revenue and quikboojs is stating my 90 day old business has 1000 net profit!! not even remotely possible! this is incredibly frustrating and so i have to work on this on my only day to rest. ridiculous!! do not use this app
quick books. quick easy invoices
. is a great app
. just makes life so easy and simple to use once set up
slow to update. pretty useless app.
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use! still not working! uninstalling for now! i hope that you fix it!
quickbooks online mobile. wonderful app to allow access from anywhere, from any device. i especially appreciate the increased usability from mobile devices. i did not have to lug my laptop on vacation, but was still able to stay in touch, and function as needed.
where are the invoices??. what is the point of an accounting app that does not show supplier invoices? dreadful. support was as helpful as a chocolate teapot too ...
great program. great program for businesses. great for on the go!
. app is not working in india
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line. still has a long way to go.
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!!"
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
must have for any mobile business.. great app, syncs nicely. will give 5 stars once more functionality evolves. very user friendly.
. if i can navigate this app, anyone can! super easy and really professional. i'm loving it! i love the different reports as well. thank you!
. this app is so easy to use! it has helped a ton with our new family business!
. where do i start. purchased to help with accounts for small self employment business. did not upload new transactions from bank account or paypal as advertised on app or the full site. mileage tracker was not accurate. user interface too basic. so frustrating as i would use this constantly but as it does not upload my transactions properly, it is unusable. far too glitchey as an app. wish i had done free trial and not wasted money on it.
easy to use. i love what i do. the finance side, not so much. quickbooks helps make that task a little easier and more manageable. now i’m learning about how different applications can tie into quickbooks and make my life even easier. there is a bit of a learning curve for those that are not as savvy into this area, but they are quick to help and point you in the right direction.
won't open. i use this app daily and now it won't open! please fix this!
besi. it just makes life easier awesome app
. tells me to update the app i go to up data and at boots's be back i can't even use it right now
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile
good app. great app easy to use
. as someone starting a small business, i needed a quick and effective way to keep track of receipts, other costs, mileage, as well as sales and track a percentage of my profits that goes to a charity. i love having this easy to use app on my phone so i can input info on the go! highly recommend for the small independent business owner.
great. great app for on the go use
. this is what happens when a company gets too large. first app worked fine and then suddenly refuses to connect to my bank. customer service is a joke. reps were unable to figure out why error 103 kept appearing. after two hours on the phone i was then told it is a systems issue that needs its own ticket. two days later an email arrives stating that the issue is resolved. guess what, it wasn't!! come up intuit! you can do better than this
just fine for a small business. if you are looking to get up and running quickly, then this will do just fine. the subscription is a little on the high side compared to sage's offering, but sage is a lot more difficult to use.
simple but professional. i could just learn most of it by myself, at least for my small nonprofit organizational needs. but would like to see more nonprofit features in the mobile version as well!
bank sync. errors while synching bank accounts for matching invoices. this is a basic function and not sure why they cant fix it. account shows as not deposited though its in bank. please fix this.
. good app
love the app but really want the company overview. would give it 5* if i could see the summary view on the app (similar to the web version). i wish it could do everything that the desktop version could do, but i know that isn't always possible.
monthly service. forced to use a monthly service that is way overpriced for my usage and needs
. awful software!! support is ridiculous. 6 month of transactions went missing. now have to buy software for $80 to convert pdf to qbo files and upload manualy. what a mess. try something else, not trust worthy.
qbo ipad & iphone. i think that intuit is doing an incredible job with this product! the updates have been wonderful for me. it would be 5 stars if i could make bank deposits as well! i've upgraded to 5 stars since i can now do deposits as well. is bank transfer in the future?
waste of time. don't bother, it doesn't work and they could not care less!!!
. amazing app
. great app but how does it stand out?
. the app was good until the free teial was up. i tried to subscribe but it wouldnt go through.. i uninstalled and reinstalled and lost everything and it still wouldnt work!!!!
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
great for small business. such a time saver, easy for business owner, accountant and bookkeeper to enter review and lodge bas. love the fact i can take photos of receipts to back them up and also add attachments to invoices etc. such a great software with web access also
. so far good. have a lot to learn a but seems to be what i am looking for when starting a new opportunity.
can't log in?. login problems because i used turbotax. it says i already have an account but won't let me log into quickbooks because i don't have an account!?!
able to view lots. able to view lots, but this app is not the same as the online version.
. you will get no help from customer service. called 3 times. not one person could help me. i get error code 132.100. they didn't even know what it is. the answer they gave me is open it in desktop mode on my phone and use it from the browser. what is the point of having the app? i really like paying for software that i can't use. i will switch to freshbooks today 42819
easy to use once set up!!. works great
. good app but it's annoying that i have to remove and reinstall the app for almost every update that's released.
. terrible app. really let's you down. i've toyed to log in numerous times only to be told my session has expired.
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
quality product. i've just taken over the accounts for the business with little experience and knowledge and i have found quickbooks online very easy to use. issuing invoices and running payroll is quick and simple. the support is extremely good too from professionals who know what they are doing not just anybody in a call centre reading a script.
simply functional. app makes invoicing easy, and allows you to track any outstanding receivables. should make tax time much easier.
. nice software and easy way to learn.
great app!. awesome tool for your business. if you don’t have a background in basic accounting principals, get a bookkeeper to help you set it up. a great chart of accounts will make the reports super useful.
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
very handy. great to keep track of invoices and call outs. very easy to use
. after updating i cannot add a negative item in charges for discounts and stuff. why. will cancel sub soon if not fixed
. was using quick books online on laptop and it was fantastic, now since have to be on the move, am using on my android phone to generate invoices and it amazing experience, just dont need laptop anymore. great stuff. recommend to all smes
must have !!!. if you have a business that serves customers and you want to collect payment at time of service or later, you want this software along with its phone apps to do business in the field. your a fool if you don't !!!!
great program. i use this for my landscaping and it has been better every year
money grabber. quickbooks will offer subscription service. i paid for it because of the discount and then they didnt allow me to accept payments through their app. you have to assess the profile first before asking for payment.
awesome app!. started my business with the start of this app since i'm a mobile mechanic and it's awesome to do quotes and invoices on the fly makes it easier to keep customers
. helpful app. makes doing my books a lot quicker and more simple.
. excellent app makes having a small business so simple
. i used the app mainly to create invoices when i'm out of the office. it's so awesome to be able to do this on the fly!
cancelar assinatura. fiz uma pergunta sobre cancelar assinatura e responderam algo na com nada. será que vocês podem responder como cancelo a assinatura, pois não utilizarei o app? aguardo um retorno obrigado
owner. great app to take of of business anywhere i'm at!
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
perfect for running small businesses, but...... everything you need to run a small business...but $35 is way to expensive, shouldn't cost more than $25! i’m very happy with the software and with a few dedicated hours i learned how to use it inside and out.
. very useful in conjunction with app on pc.
. great app, pretty user friendly. could be more visually appealing. the pc web browser platform is better.
it's a pos. i wouldn't have given it a star at all. you can't tell if they person paid you or if you just accidently out it in as a payment. it's hard to use,hard to understand and honestly i lost 134 dollars in sales because i couldn't figure how to use this thing. i'll be using the square starting tomorrow
glitchy and horrible, like everything intuit makes. i'm a quickbooks proadvisor and have worked with quickbooks for several years with many companies. my advice to businesses and individuals is always the same start looking for something better, it's out there. intuit has horrible customer care and constant software issues that make simple tasks very tedious.
tek9. isai tek
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!! oh, and the link for support is dead... come on folks, gimme a chance here!!"
. great app
. i dislike it ,zoho books much better than this. bcoz i am not able to add my company logo, not even able to edit my invoice number, not even to able edit my invoice columns. i wasted my money.
great!!. works so well. love how easy it is to use, love how seamless the app works as well as the computer version. so easy to send invoices via email. was so happy when i found out easy it is to use!
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
. works great. i still have a lot to learn.
not working properly after update. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. why did you replace the pin with passcode? i don’t want to log into my iphone, ever. all i need secured is my qb app and the pin worked just fine for that. with this update i can login successfully once every 2030 attempts. intuit, test your updates before you release them!!!
. awful app...one of the main reasons for converting to online from desktop was 'receipts on the go'. it's a joke...most of chart of accounts is missing and so are the bank accounts i'm using for transactions! so entering and recording receipts on the go is impossible. if this is important for you, use xero!!
ios13. can you fix the app?
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
fix the bugs. this program has many bugs and has connectivity issues. the level of problems with the software is extensive. when the program works correctly it works nicely, but the downtime and glitches greatly degrade the value of this software. i would look for an alternative accounting software package. i do not know anyone who has used this software that would give it a five star rating. in other words, i am very skeptical of the rating shown.
. love it!! user friendly and never any issues
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money and it's also good for on site reference
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
it was barely ok to start with!. i had used quickbooks for several years and then went to the online version. i liked the features it had, but really didn’t like the 600.00 a year fee. for the most part it worked, but never all of the time. then when they raised the subscription price to 720.00 a year, that was it. i said good bye and found another program. no regrets!
lacking. app is seriously lacking in functionality. don’t buy quickbooks online unless you plan to do most of your work from a desktop. kind of defeats the purpose. way overpriced and they keep raising the price too :( wish i had stuck with the quickbooks pro platform.
easy to use. really like the app because i can keep up with accounting on the go for my business.
pretty good could be great. this ties in nicely with the desktop version. it's not 5* purely because of the actual software not the app itself. the customising of the invoice isn't great and adding previous invoices when you first start isn't great but if you're not worried about that it works well!
statements. can't send statements or use bundles in the app. email customer services about it and they send you a email about doing it on your desk top. been asking for 6 months to have it added to the app. just get the same response while they add useless gimmicks to the app.
. best app
app is glitching. ever since the new update to the quickbooks mobile app, it has been glitching every time i try to open the app. every time i click the app it closes by itself. it's frustrating whenever i have to log anything in the app. i have to constantly delete the app and reinstall it for it to work properly again.
absolutely terrible!!!!!. this app is garbage. funny that intuit is in their name because there is nothing intuitive about anything in this app at all. complete waste of time!!! complete garbage. just trying to set up the basic information about accounts that i use and tailor the app to my needs was excruciating. i can’t say enough about how bad this is!!!!!!
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
almost perfect. widgets aren't very flexible. i'd love a 1x1 for create customer, which then goes on to create invoice from that new entry. also would love a widget that shoes at a glance the total money i'm owed. other than this it's flawless.
. love the how its easy to use but editing and resending invoices is an issue. switching payment methods is hard but interface is nice and easy to use.
very helpful. i love this app it allows me to run my business easily
vendor and po. need to add vendors and orders to the app
crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim.
best app. this made my life simpler!!!
. no complaints so far! it's been very easy and there are plenty of videos online to explain things.
useless. maybe im missing something, but wouldn't the point of accessing you accounting software to be to actually get useful info? you cant even see bank accounts or balances. why have a way to make payments without seeing whats in your accounts?
crashes with ios 13. just a heads up. when you try to take a picture of a receipt to upload to the account, the app freezes up and you can’t continue on. restarting the app doesn’t work either.
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
useless app. can’t issue a po, pull one up via search, properly send one, etc. core business function that they didn’t bother to include because intuit continues to have their head stuck in the sand.
awesome. amazingly quick and efficient. very easy to learn how to use.
expensive. great program, easy to use and has lots of feature. at $20 month is pretty expensive for small small businesses.
almost great. very helpful for my pool service business. just wish i could do delayed charges from the mobile app. i can't believe they haven't included this feature yet.
. doesn't have my back in its list, so it's useless. i've cancelled my subscription. when i contacted support, they were obsessed with my subscription, rather than the actual issue.
. big time saver allows me too stay in the field, no need to make a trip to the office, no problems at all, love it.
. love the receipt scan
. the loading response is rather slow.
president. this app is great for small (mobile) business owners doing paperwork on the fly. it keeps office time to a minimum.
. the quickbooks app allows me to easily manage my business expenses on the go and eliminates the need to keep those annoying receipts. instead you can jt take a picture of the receipt and attach it to the expense. brilliant.
great app. thanks
. excellent invoices and accounts at finger tips
. qb online good, but feels really limited in comparison to the webapp in terms of available functions and data sync is slow, even over 4g lte. more of a qb issue. great platform, but could improve.
. it does everything i need it to, customer service is really helpful when you're learning how to use it, and the convenience of accessing your books anywhere anytime is exactly what a busy person needs.
great for on the go. i originally only used quick books software on my pc. it was still nice software but i would often find myself behind or forgetting to update my accounts. now with the software on my iphone i can easily update everything immediately. i have been using it for a while now and haven't experienced any problems.
good to keep on track. excellent app for inputting information immediately, but that's all it does.
"too many missing features. can't add time entries, even simple ones, have to pay (a lot) for a third party app. not acceptable for a single user company that doesn't sell products, only time that needs to be tracked. can't view current ""sales"" status of unbilled items. can't email myself receipts and have them automatically entered as expenses bank transactions that i've excluded keep showing up. again and again. i'd like to configure away unused modulesfunctions from the menu"
epic help. this app is very helpful for me it is very good
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
great app. i wasn't sure how much i would use this app, but the ability to check status of accounts and stay on top of basic needs while out dealing with clients has me sold. could have more functions but i'm not sure it needs to.
not bad however. could we have a fingerprint scan to open the app as a measure of security please!!!
great so far. using quickbooks for the first time, so far, input is quick and easy. this app is making it possible to start my own business.
great app. so easy to use.
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
. it doesn't get any better than this!
not free. not a free app, just trial. tfn. re: your response, like i said it says it's free but it's not free..
. app no longer loads. error returned from client
. love it! i'd love to learn more about how to fully utilize it but it's pretty simple to use. and that very key!
this app is harmful. support is useless or you really can’t recover the emails you sending to the clients with your invoice
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
good functionality but slow to load. great functionality, good app but it takes too long to load. i don't need the homescreen with current activity to load each time. i just want to add an invoice.
. makes life much easier.
. the image quality of attaching receipts automatically downgrades and makes everything blurry. this renders the receipt image capture completely useless.
quick books app. have been using quick books app for my business for a few months now, and i am very impressed with the package, as it's great value for money. i enjoy being able to use the app on my phone as it offer all the services that i need to be able to quickly raise and send invoices and pull up important info.
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
. it takes a bit to get used to but once you know how to navigate it is great!
a j rooter. it's an easy program to use makes life a lot less aggravating when you can do your work on the road
great app. works as intended handy to have quickbooks in your pocket
. i really like this app just hate just like anything the rate keep going up but ol well i need it!
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
can not save estimates. i'm able to imput items for estimates but error message pops up when i try to save.
. app is pretty much useless. pointless to have an app when i have to enter my transactions on a desktop anyway. i want general journal entries in the app (or ya know, a better way to enter my daily sales info) or my damn money back!
mjm quality construction. great app. i can work from anywhere with internet connection.
. very user friendly
getting too flaky. i’ve been a subscriber for about 2 years now but am now randomly getting locked out of the app where it thinks i don’t have a subscription! i’ve reported the issue , it always gets resolved but then returns ! went to do my accounts and quotes this weekend and guess what .... i’m locked out ... again! is that acceptable for a business app ! definitely not.
best accounting app. perfect for any small business. never had any problem, never crashes. only need more invoicing templates.
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
great upgrade. great apps. it would be the best, if i was able to enter a bill.
crashes every time. i used to like this app, but now it crashes every time. i cannot use it at all. galaxy s7 edge. support has not responded to my messages. nor my crash message notifications (and there have been plenty)
keshav. it is a beautiful software. very flexible and user friendly. it made my work so simple. thanks to quick books!
crash error crash error. quickbooks is a four outta five platform, this app is a one... signs me out and crashes more than once a day!
nightmare update. it was bad before the update. how could it be even worse now? unending refreshing bank data (constant spinning wheel) makes it virtually useless and beyond frustrating for reviewing and matching transactions on the iphone.
please fix me. ios 13 ijust upgrade cannot write items into invoices
great but could be greater. easy to use book work became so much easier with quick books online the only thing that i don't like is that you should be able to do everything across all platforms: ipad,iphone,laptop
good if it's working. tedious authorization every time you have to reconnect with your bank. the desk top app isn't quicker and it seems to crash at the most crucial time!
works amazing! i love being able to attach pictures right to my expenses when i enter them. it is also really nice to be able to enter expenses on the road. it makes bookkeeping a lot easier!
. this app works really good makes owning a service business simple. love that i can get done at a customers house and send an invoice
. pathetic for indian users. quick book online for android not supported fir india. there website never successfully register for trial..so poor user experience.
app is limited on what your can do. the app would be more helpful if i could categorize transactions while on the go among many other features the desktop version offers.
quickbooks scheduler. we love quickbooks and how well it works in the field. we got the gopayment as well. the only thing i wish quickbooks would add is a scheduler for jobs open, accepted, and estimates pending.
absolutely inconsistent. probably the worst app i had on my phone. i have deleted it. it gives incorrect, inconsistent notifications. it’s completely useless to access certain parts of qbo. how incredibly unfortunate that intuit can’t build an app that can compare with the advances made in qbo.
crashes now. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
basic business. although it does have obvious business needs covered. it doesn't offer the next step in organization. without the ability to create work orders, or track services performed. it remains a minuscule part of my daily business. it really doesn't have anything that separates itself from other simple invoicing programs or applications. it's cloud based convenience remains the reason for my usage.
. mostly good. i have accidentally send invoices before they are ready.
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
great app!. very useful and convenient app.
. userfriendly, can create bills and estimation from mobile app too
makes life easy. haven't worked through 100% of the app but as of right now it has made accounting world easier. especially keeping up to date with bank account reconciliation.
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!!
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
. this app sucks! i can't even login
i love quick books!!!. this app has made doing business easy for our company. it had allowed me to make my car a mobile office. i can do everything i need on the go. i wish the app allowed you to filter accounts by city, state but i am still very happy with it. sky sunner ceo thebloodycure
pathetic on ipad. i don’t know why intuit bother to have an ipad app. it never works, has less functionality than a browser. the latest update tells you your account doesnt exist, the exact same log in as a browser. someone in the development department is being paid far too much for a substandard product. avoid the app like the plague
qbo app. very good indeed!
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
getting very good but needs a few more tweaks to be brilliant. you guys need to add the ability to take pictures of receipts etc and upload them to store in qb. also multiple currencies.
unsatisfied. keeps telling me to contact support after trying to make an invoice very frustrating.
. luv how easy and convenient thus app is!
easy to use. look, read a lot of the reviews and people are expecting their own accountant with this program. it does what is needed to keep your finances in order. if you want 4 ,ill ion graphs to impress and be bigger then you are....go hire a team. great product, easy to use, tracks everything for me, keep my books straight, and recommend it to everyone.
". update 101619: still useless as constant login issues persist, why use the app if i constantly have to uninstallreinstall + clear cachedata. constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
. very useful business tool
. made life easy! amazingly user friendly
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
update broke. i cannot accept transactions. the only things accessible on the baking screens are back and trash. please fix otherwise it’s useless.
horrible. constant crashes at the worst of times!!! aarrrggghhhh!
tiene errores. en las últimas transacciones tiene errores no carga las últimas
. to slow
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
. makes running my business so much easier
get it. this program is truly life saving. having a small business especially, knowing i can keep complete and accurate records for myself and family is everything. a must buy product
. what an utter waste of my money for initially subscribing to it. very difficult to use. the questions are complicated when declaring expenses. don't bother using this app better keeping your own ledger!
nice. so far it seems to work well. the online version on a laptop works better and is much easier to use but the mobile version  minus a couple inconveniences, isn't bad either.
awesome. love this app!! so easy and quick to use
. very convenient it's a convenient and easy to use app. the only downfall is not being able to insert new fields. so a ;  )
doesn’t keep track of suppliers. this app works fine as long as you only want to send novices. unfortunately it doesn’t tell what you owe your suppliers and allow you to pay their bills, so while you are running around invoicing clients the suppliers will be sending the bailiffs round to your office.
i can no longer log in. everytime i enter user name and password and press enterlogin, the password field goes blank and i get a message saying login failed.
great app. need to be able to make statements from iphone. just make the app able to do everything you're able to do from laptop. love quikbooks.
quick and easy. it really is.. i love the new qb online.. great job.. the app is awesome
way too limited. the app for the ipad is too basic. i can create an invoice and email or print but if i need to print an existing invoice there is no option to do this. after receiving payments there is no way to deposit them to my bank. i can't believe that qb would release an app before testing it. i am hoping that there will be an upgrade soon to make it functional. disappointed!
. beware anyone cis don't use this use xero being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. i'm stuck till end of tax year then i'm off
indispensable. the package of apps for mac, ipad and iphone is perfect for my business. saves hours of my time.
perfect for first time small business owners. maintaining all the records for a construction company can be intimidating; quickbooks has made it less stressful and easier to do my job!
great app. easy to use and very helpful
don’t use this with an ipad.. bought this app and was unable to get it to work with an ipad. 4 hours on the phone with this company and still no success. they charged me and told me to get my money back through apple. there is an open known problem being worked on their end but user’s beware. you won’t find out until you’ve paid.
still needs delayed charges. if you can add delayed charges to the available transactions, it will be perfect.
please support iphone x & faceid. please support full screen resolution on iphone x and faceid
. awesome app very easy to use. make doing business on the road super easy
can't save an invoice since update.. please fix asap. i use to use this app everyday and now i can't. i love quickbooks but this is bad!!
. excellent software, especially since my accounting is done offsite. qb is always improving it for ease of use. very happy with it, now going on 4 years usage.
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
easy to learn and use. everywhere access, integrated bank and credit card transactions. easy to create transactions on the road.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
formidable. l’arrivée de quickbooks en france a été une grande joie. enfin un logiciel tout en un, facile d’utilisation et efficace.
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
got worse after the update. it shows the information of last week, it doesn't update
great timesaver. i used the free app and i have made up my mind that i will be purchasing this for my small construction business.
. you can use this app for small business
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
excellent. i like the flexibility of quickbooks. i use it on my iphone, ipad and desktop. always synced no problems with it. couldn't manage without it.
great app. it is what it is. it an app. it won't have all the features of a computer and you should not expect it to. does exactly what i need it to in the field.
i’m loving quickbooks. quickbooks makes life so much easier! thank you so much!
i love it!. works great! love the accessibility, i use the app to send invoices easily while i'm on the go and my clients can pay online, through the invoices i send them. definitely worth every penny!!
this app is great for on the go but still needs a few things to be fixed like when i mail the invoices or estimates to my customers they always have trouble recieving them..
. i met someone with iphone using this app, an he could match & accept bank transactions from his phone. when will android version have this capability?
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
bank connections never work. bank connections to transactions never work. always down.
missing. really enjoy the service helping me to stay organized, but the app is missing a lot of the features on webpage or desktop version
only if it had bank register :(. that's my only complaint. other than that this app perfectly suits my needs
good for review but limited functionality. this is a subset of qb online functions good for quick checking on the business but not a working system much like the ipad version of word or powerpoint you get to do a bit but need the full version for the program to be useful
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
hard to navigate. hard to navigate
". so broken that the ""report an issue"" button doesn't even work. login takes multiple tries, vendor activities are all empty, clearing cache does not help, android back buttom exits the app without even a confirmation. as much as i enjoy using the website, this app is pure frustration."
quickbooks. absolutely great piece of software making my business so much easier to run.
great for a busy contractor!. i can send invoices or check on my bids from the job site. very convenient!
very good app. give the ability to capture signatures and it will be great.
i recommend for on the go companies. i have been using the app for a year and it has work great for me no downtime and easy access on my phone. great app!
. great app
. can't upload receipt photos even when fully up to date
great. efficient. user friendly.. really enjoying having this app option for my business. absolutely loving quickbooks intuit online!! really like it can upload photos of receipts. my only suggestion would be to allow photos to be upload to an itemized bill. thank you.
crashes all the time and there’s no way to ask for help.. this app crashes every time i update my iphone, even when i update the app. don’t even bother trying to contact qb about it, they’ll tell you to uninstall and reinstall (like you don’t know) and then that’s about the extent of their support.
so glitchy!! 😡. quickbooks has the potential to be great. but this app is so, so glitchy! have constant problems with it and i'm really getting to the point of giving up and going back to sage. every time a problem is sorted, a new one pops straight back up. if they could employ some decent tech guys and get things working properly, this would be brilliant.
. where a brand new bakery, and this has been great! we can quickly do invoices and get paid. our bookkeeper especially loves this!
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
. have used quickbooks online for many years and i am very happy with how easy it is to use and the email invoices are extremely professional looking.
keeps locking up. the app keeps telling me i need to update to the latest version, but i already have it. it won't let me log on. frustrating. please fix or revert back to previous version until glitches are fixed.
. great app, very ready to track income and expenses. making and tracking invoices is so easy even easier then on the computer, reports and everything is really easy to access and track.
. quickbooks have never let me down. this app is great to manage my business.
jimsop enterprises. it is good. it has provided a solution to my accounting problems
touch id fail. please stop making us enter a password everyday. every other app that uses touch id doesn't have this issue. thumbs down qb 👎🏼
terrible to customers. your website deleted my account, which i spent hours putting together, and had every intention of subscribing and paying for this service, and then when i spoke with customer service to see what happened, i was told to call two other numbers for the same service, then placed on hold by the final number for 510 minutes, and was hung up on. they had my number and never called me back. horrible service to your customers. i will pursue a different company.
update. please fix soon app opens and closes after update.
easy to use, innovative and mobile friendly. we have been using qb at australiance.com for almost a year and i would not go back to my previous accounting software. the interface with paypal works well and save heaps of time for our online sales. it s easy to create expenses (e.g. business lunches etc), quotes or invoices on the go with the app + always know your bank account position as it interfaces directly with it.
. easy to navigate
. this app is very user friendly, that's important for a person with no accounting experience
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go.
crashes almost immediately. running ios 12 and then 13 on an iphone 8. installed the app. put my login info in. accepted that no problem. then boom. app crashes and i’m back to my iphone home screen. rebooted my phone. deleted and reinstalled the app. makes no difference. still crashes. having this app was a big factor in my decision to run my business on quickbooks and now i’m reconsidering that before i get any deeper.
great app but expensive. at $30month it’s expensive. now that they’re raising it to $40, i’m starting to question my choices..
. i use this app while i had my quickbooks trial, and it seemed to be working fine. the minute i subscribed, the app stopped working properly. i emailed support, no one seems to be answering my questions, and when i phone the customer service, they don't know how to help with the app. i'm stuck and ready to cancel the whole thing.
. great! simple to use & very professional...very satisfied wquickbooks!
. so much easier than a checkbook program, enter only what you need!
. best app out there for assisting in every phase of running your company
. great software. so easy to use and very reliable.
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
. so far not happy. it doesn't show my address nor phone number on quotations and i can't find a way to make it do so. also states 30 day free, then gives me a measly 24 hrs from the time of install to save with a monthly discount. ok, i'll bite. they immediately sucked my first monthly payment. where's this 30 day free trial? biggest thing is its extremely limited and not ready for prime time. poor release.
. great app for productivity for my sole proprietor, 1 employee business, this app is perfect for what i need, which is on the go ability to invoice customers
great starter app. i wouldn't want to use this app all the time as is is a little annoying. does what it says on the tin, great as a starter accountancy tool.
. really helps me track my buisness expenses
. this app has, literally, changed my financial standing. as a fantastic it engineer but rubbish at business management i would struggle to arrange invoices for the many small jobs that i do. now, with this app, i'm able to raise and send invoices on the spot!
. its a good app.
general manager. garbage company
. simple to use and good value. love the app!
. app is crashing on login. i cannot access my business now.
exactly what i need. amazing app and way simple to use!
great app for on the go bookkeeping. i really enjoy having mobile access to my books.
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
. simple and very efficient! send invoices ..receipts taxes. everything in one place! love it!
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
very good.. we've been using this app and have been very impressed with it.
not working properly after update. i just updated the app and now every time i try to edit an invoice it forces me to refresh the invoice and i lose my changes. the pin number does't work, i added it again and made sure it is turned on, but i have to sign in with my username and password each time. it worked perfectly on the last update.
great app and fair prices. i do all my business through quick books and have had no major problems. the rates on credit transactions are equivalent to any other clearing house and at $30 a month to automate my process is a life saver. great simple to read reports too.
terrible to customers. your website deleted my account, which i spent hours putting together, and had every intention of subscribing and paying for this service, and then when i spoke with customer service to see what happened, i was told to call two other numbers for the same service, then placed on hold by the final number for 510 minutes, and was hung up on. they had my number and never called me back. horrible service to your customers. i will pursue a different company.
. signed up to app. no clear pricing. my invoice had vat numbers all over it but i'm not vat registered. seems impossible to take vat number off invoices. customer service very slow and hard to get though to. no tel number.
quick books. so easy and simple. just the basics to fit the mobile phone
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
. eh. how do i unsubscribe for this
convenient mobile dashboard. very convenient mobile dashboard allows quick status of all my invoices.
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
very good app.. really like this app.
like the app. just hope it would be easier to use need better access to my custumers invoice and estimates
another quickbooks app. it gets super frustrating that you guys keep making us download a new app so you can start your reviews over. now your new app doesn’t recognize my account i have to sign in and out multiple times for it to actually load my data
love the convenience. great app
. great application, very usefull and make book keeping work easier
. does basic accounting. cool. i paid money for this. clunky interface. settings buried in random locations. this is a professional product?
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
. makes my job so much easier
love this product. i've been using qb for years. every year it get better than the year before. i won't use any other accounting software.
. perfect app for a small business
. really good for simple operations i only needed the app for a small subset of operations.... that is, quickly open,edit, and send an invoice. i am thankful for that capability. perhaps intuit could stress that the app is not intended to be full blast qbo.
. this app has been doing a great job of helping me run my business for over 5 years now, very easy to use. highly recommend
design and user interface is outstanding. very simple to use..
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
ios impacts the rating. it is impossible to fathom that in 2019 i cannot view andor pay sales tax on my ipad whether i use the quickbooks app or via a web browser. and how is it that i cannot enter bills on my ipad? given what intuit charges for qbo and payroll, which we use, this is totally unacceptable.
disappointed. this app falls short. for one you can't see inventory. can't create po. can't enter a bill against a po. on the online version one cannot enter a partial bill against a po. cannot creat inventory level alarms. come on man!
. took me a whole while to register an account, just to get: you don't seem to have a subscription.
terrible support. the feature that you promote in your advertisement for this app shows a person recording his receipts wich mainly are cash or card paid. the options that you have as type of payments are cheque, credit or other. nobody this days pay by cheque or by credit receipts for small amounts!!!! totally useless!!!
. app hangs all the time, and pain to work with. waste of time
. i like the app in general. please add inventory on your next update. it will be more useful on our comoany while using android.
best app. amazing!
on track. keeping track of daily expenditure, and the performance of my business is so much easier with this app.
. just was on hold for 20 minutes and the issue is not resolved. the app is not allowing me to save information. also the online platform is not working with third party apps with the new tax rates in saskatchewan (reciept bank) been waiting for that fix for 3 weeks.
. problem in sigin to app
. reliable. simple. improves my efficiency tracking receipts.
mr. o'neal. great program.
quickbooks online not working. i paid my subscription thru itunes, got charged but haven’t been able to use it.... it keep giving me a message to subscribe which i already did. contacted apple, itunes, and intuit quickbooks and haven gotten anywhere... frustrating!!!
. super slow load time and sms verification not working. it's a joke.
. great app makes things easier
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
. in usable black screen comes for a long long time in start up and during usable on android. the worst party is that issue has been there since ages. it's like qbo is not interested in developing this app
. loving it, great app and works great
lot of scope for improvement. finding a lot difficult to access even the simple features like search etc. hopefully the updates will take care of it.
. i've been trying to use this app for months and months. it doesnt work, and nobody has done anything about the problems even though there are numerous complaints and bad reviews. i'm getting ready to stop paying for quickbooks and find something else. i mainly wanted to us the app for taking pictures of receipts, but due to the syncing issues, i can't submit more than one receipt picture without the app hanging or freezing. i've tried reinstalling, clearing cache, etc. with no luck.
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
not reliable. is not reliable. not a replacement for desktop app or web based qb online. different icons, different navigation, missing tools reports and features. data does not reliably import into app from accounts.
a small business must have. i have used quickbooks pro for my small company for many years, but i can't believe i have gotten this far without this app.
fantastic software !. currently in a middle of a building site, sending clients invoice & estimates. now my time is my own this evening ! couldn’t do with out it .
perfect for business on the go!. love that i can do invoices and deposits on the go
convenient mobile dashboard. very convenient mobile dashboard allows quick status of all my invoices.
awesome. awesome app! i use it for my landscaping and turf management company.
qb online. quickbooks online is awesome and easy to use, having customer information on your mobile phone help save time money and keeps you aware of who has paid and who hasn’t paid anywhere you go, it’s very easy to print invoices to a wifi printer.
bad app! bad app!. i loved the app... then it fell apart. i cannot get it to show current status on anything! why is it so hard to keep a good app 'good' ??
great. awsome when on the road, good functions available. overall solid app. definitely comes in handy
app not working since update. normally i'd give the app 45 stars but every time i log in now it says sign in successful but there is no online account associated with the email and to start a free trial. however when i login from safari, i get in no problem. please fix as i am unable to access data from my phone.
better than sage. with a properly functioning mobile app, square integration & receiptexpense management, 10 times easier to use than sage(simply accounting)
. pretty good app. lots of features like asset register need to be accessed through desktop. ocr not available for receipts on this version
quickbooks online plus. loving the new updates with invoice tracking and the ease of excepting credit cards in the app. getting paid is easier and quicker than ever.
. hated it, warning, stay away. it mess up my quickbook online, duplicate everything, customer service promise to contact me, never happened. service bad. do not waste your time downloading. app version is useless, synchronization keep duplicates my receipts, and much more issues. stay away from quickbooks app. still not fix customer support ain't helping either, because is a third party app....
awesome!. fantastic app. as a freelancer i am often away from my office. being able to create estimates and have my clients sign them on the spot has been great. and being able to send invoices from anywhere has absolutely changed my life! love it.
. not bad a bit confusing at first
owner. great app
quickbooks scheduler. we love quickbooks and how well it works in the field. we got the gopayment as well. the only thing i wish quickbooks would add is a scheduler for jobs open, accepted, and estimates pending.
solid gold. the transition to the new version was almost unbearably rough, but i am so happy with this platform for my staff + i. still the gold standard, looking forward to more compatible apps...
great app for my small business. went from excel and pdfs to qb..great decision! i'm very happy with it. one function i'd like to see added is integration with iphoneipadoutlook calendar.
great app. great app that does all it promises to do. so handy for getting out quotes when away from the office.
best app i've used!. i started my small business with quickbooks and i was able todo everything in one application! from sale receipts, expenses, lodging gst and more. i would highly recommend quickbooks to all business owners
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
making my job easier. more than i expected and easy to use
. so simple to use i love tht i can send invoices on the go and accept payments with my phone!!
. app is pretty much useless. pointless to have an app when i have to enter my transactions on a desktop anyway. i want general journal entries in the app (or ya know, a better way to enter my daily sales info) or my damn money back!
love it. i am an accountant and this is the software i use and recommend to all of my customers.
. this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
. very miss leading and is nothink like the tv advert. not to easy to use and over all disappointed. having to use it because of my accountant. no impressed!!!! also no english call centre's! you can't understand the customer help line team as there english is poor. needs english call centres employing english to overcome this problem!!!!!
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
very convenient!. used for invoicing, watching accounts receivable. does well
. it a great accounting program. i just wish you could do more from the app with out having to go online
simple and easy. i find the app and the computer program simple and easy to navigate. i operate my small business using quickbooks and i am yet to have an issue.
can not do custom invoice numbers. the app can not do custom invoice numbers. i have had the app for two months and paying the monthly fees and have not been able to send out my first proper invoice. i have asked support and they come back with instructions to go to certain settings that do not exist on the app.
works well!. this app does what i need it to do. i'm an electrical contractor and i'm able to do all the bookkeeping myself with just a little help. i like the ability to make invoices on the job, enter receipts at stores, and view the status of customers. i would suggest this for any small business. i use the basic service ($10mth) and it's well worth it.
customer service and functions. you can be completely locked out upon renewal of your subscription. it has locked me out of entering for the last six days. tech support has been pretty useless at fixing it. with all the other flaws the online program has, avoid with every thing you have. you get no back up, high incompatibility, and many accountants hate it. your emailed invoice has a habit of hitting the spam bin,it isn't even compatible with other intuit products. avoid avoid avoid
solid product. it's not the desktop version and you will notice features missing that you would normally find on the desktop. nevertheless, this is a great product. it allows me to invoice and communicate with customers in the field. thank you quickbooks team.
. i love the ability to issue invoices and check the current payment status. bring able to photo receipts and record expenses as and when they happen is a great touch too.
it gets better and better. i was a huge sceptic (i have been a pro advisor for several years)and very had a very negative opinion of qb online. that was until a couple of years ago when i attended a presentation of the capabilities of the software. i was sold on its usefulness and have been using and recommending it ever since. qb online adds important features regularly. buy it!!! you won't be disappointed
no recurring transactions. why the hell would you make an app if it can't do any thing but read. i want to edit recurring transactions; edit and send invoices; and see every report. this is absolutely stupid, just sign in from a browser.
tremendous time saver. i rarely login to quickbooks online any more and have never looked back from switching from the full desktop version. the mobile app is a tremendous time saver and allows be to better server my clients.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
really2 great application. i wish i have found this software 8 years back and it can help me save thousand spent on trying many other software
c'mon, you know you need it. subscribe already. better than zoho or jobber. very organized and useful. such a time saver and it makes my company look 5 times more professional. recommended!
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program.
pretty good..... i'm somewhat of a novice independent contractorpsychotherapist. i've been using quickbooks since 2014 and have been using the app for about a year. the dates of invoice reflect the date of service so this is helpful. i know for sure i do not use all features to their full capacity but it's worth the monthly investment for sure.
worthless app. i was excited to find this app and, unfortunately, downloaded it. i really cannot figure out what is good for other than creating invoices. confusing when you open the app, it does not get better as you get into it, not that there is anything to get into. i run a small non profit & just found this app useless, except for taking up space. what a pity as i have been a qb user for years.
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer service (james refusing a last name or initial from customer care) experience, nothing resolved. no response from error logs. called and even gave control of my computer. never did intuit offer any fix. ongoing issues over 6 months damaging my business.
small business owner. absolutely awful. i was forced to switch to online because of a fatal error of the desktop version on mac seirra. there are so many bugs and things that aren't available on online that were on the desktop. i literally call support for 2hrs a day.
. great app except one thing... why is intuit nickel and dimming us for tools and apps. i can understand pay extra for using the payroll feature in the actual program but paying for an app is stupid. if they made this app free i would be will to bet sales for software and online versions would increase more than enough to pay for the app development and running costs. other than that, great app.
deposits take too long. overall the app is convenient for clients to pay me, but it takes entirely too long for deposits to be posted to my account.
fantastic app. as a contractor to be in the field instantly give my customers and estimate or full fullblown bid and be able to follow up with change orders and billing all in one spot. very convenient easy to use and it works great on my phone , home computer, or ipad all at the same time. highly recommend this product not had one problem with it to date.
outstanding. just download it!
love this app!. i can send invoices anytime, anywhere from any device :)
quick books. great app
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
terrible app. this app is not even close to what you expect it does not do what your quick books does. there is no way to change product descriptions without having to rewrite the whole item. it does not link to quick books in trial mode and not sure if i want to pay for this service. bottom line this is not what you would expect i think they are still working the bugs out buy some other app.
. don't like that you have update in order to open app.
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
very helpful. this ap has been great with my ipad! being able to enter receipts and attach a photo right from the camera is the best! i love having the ease of bookkeeping on a smaller device that i can take with me everywhere.
. the best part for me is the ability to create and email an invoice then recieve payment all from my smartphone.
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
fixed bags. quick response in fixing the bags on ios 9. will keep you update....
unable to signin🙅. moto g turbo : error says i don't have online subscription,reported via email, no response😡
major problems with the newest update!!!. the app was working great until a few days ago. now i cannot receive payments on my iphone due to a bug in the app and i also cannot send an invoice via email on my iphone or ipad now. ☹️
. best app ever
. few issues that are quickly resolved
great for small business. i run a small business mostly through through etsy. this is a great program to keep track of finances. the only thing i wish is it would integrate paypal here payments like it does square. it would be amazing if it could do the same with etsy. alas, i have to type them in by hand. i love the integrate on my iphone, ipad and macbook. it is very streamlined.
. pretty easy and intuitive to use. i'm sure there is even more benefits than i know as i am fairly new to the mobile app.
. good and easy to use great app
useful app. adds a lot of useful abilities to your mobile device. i'm not a heavy user of it, but i have not had issues with it for months using the basic features.
. thanks for not overcharging me. not bad it's good app for accounting.
trouble with ipad app. hello, i have the app in my iphone and it works great, but i have downloaded the app in the ipad and it tells me: looks like your account doesn’t include access to the quickbooks online mobile app... what i need to do to have access?. please advice! thanks
"useless. i use quickbooks online extensively at my corporate office. this app, and what is available through the ""mobile"" website version of qb online, is useless for getting any work done outside of the office."
. love it. great for doing estimates
works but needs work. for the most part the product works, but has many errors and sometimes says there are errors but they are never fixed, i run the lasted ios on an iphone 6 and still have many problems
. excellent app to get into your data on the road. i understand more functionality would be useful but being able to raise & query jobs and send out estimates & invoices 'in the wild' on my mobile phone is a real asset.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
. i can see my subscription for months. click to manage subscription and i am told i have none. haven't used thus app but have been paying for months. help
good app. does all the basics and then some
excellent app. im using quickbooks plus online n also the app..its easy to use...but sometime delay to update in the app after do activity in desktop.. ☺
. just was on hold for 20 minutes and the issue is not resolved. the app is not allowing me to save information. also the online platform is not working with third party apps with the new tax rates in saskatchewan (reciept bank) been waiting for that fix for 3 weeks.
cant connect !!!. cannot use my account , fix it please !
almost great. so, the limited features in the app seem like just a lack of time to include. otherwise, easy to use, and great way to keep track.
please fix it. is freezing and scratching often
limited and buggy. there are too many features not included to make the app any use.
great job. great app. very well designed and very user friendly
nice. i love app
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
. easy to use. does what i need it to do
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
no bill?. come on, we can do all things with expense and nothing with bills? bills are the big part of our business expenses from our vendors. they are not even added to the total expense on the summary dashboard, how can we really tell how our business is doing when a big chunk of cost not appearing? please include the ability to enterviewedit bills asap.
pretty good 9 months in. really good, can't do pay roll or vat reports on the app but just about everything else. photo receipts for expenses and checking received payments. very useful. f
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
great to app to have. loving the app. i would give it 5 stars if it was able to function the same or close to the online version.
very glitchy. i like the features... when they work. i often open the app to a black screen and have to shut down my phone in order to get it working again. please have this fixed. it happens at least once a week.
junk. this app is an embarrassment to use. doesn't attach correct to emails, rude default email tags, and prints too light to fax. i used qb contractor for 10 years before being talked into ipad by apple as the way to go mobile. save your money do things right. this freezes up a lot too which if you have time to wait may be for you.
crash issues. this app crashes on the new iphone 11 pro max using ios 13. please release updates to resolve the issue.
not working with ios 13. just crashes
latest version is a disaster. face recognition does not work at all. you have to sign in every time you open the app and often get kicked out especially when switching between companies. colossal waste of time.
better than tinder. good app.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
it's nice but could use some improvement. i use the phone app and the mac app, there's things that annoy me and waste time when using.
great program, an asset to my business!. great program and very versatile. would only like to make 1 request. please provide link for iphone users to copypaste invoice into text message. currently need to email myself and copypaste link. very cumbersome process thank you.
. great small business app for on the go!! love it!
needs more. works good but simple
. i have had this app on my phone for years. i tried opening it and i was told to update the app. so i did. now it will not open. it just keeps telling me to update. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it still does not work. my business is important and this makes me very mad
". apps for ordering pizza are more useful. a company like intuit putting out an app with such limited features is unexcusable. fan of qb online, this ""app"" is a waste of space."
owner. quickbooks has !ade it simple to take care of my business. thank you
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
prestige. this app is awesome! i work on my books as well as my clients. i'm surprise that i can do all from my phone! mrs. jordan
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
owner. love being able to have quickbooks on my phone and being able to send invoices and receive payments on the go. makes my job so much easier. app works great and is so simple that even my husband can figure it out :)
solid app. it's a very good mobile app
limited options. i love the app but would l like to be able to fully edit or create new customers and vendors in this app. although it is possible, it isn't as detailed compared to the online desktop version.
. great app
app needs major work. the app is useless, i have to pull out my laptop or wait till i get to my home or office. i would love to use my ipad pro, that i carry everywhere but the app is literally useless!!! please fix asap
great app and fair prices. i do all my business through quick books and have had no major problems. the rates on credit transactions are equivalent to any other clearing house and at $30 a month to automate my process is a life saver. great simple to read reports too.
great product. thanks to my accountant which recommended me to get this. highly recommends to anyone who is more small to medium businesses where we can invoice on the go
waste of time. i paid for the app to get the discount, spent an afternoon inputting information and suddenly it wouldn’t save anything. logged out, rebooted, problem still existed. uninstalled app. on reinstall, the system didn’t recognize my login and i couldn’t access any of the work i input. apple has my $$$ though!
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
. so you have to purchase the software for desktop but if you want to sync it to mobile you have to pay monthly to use this app? why is this? why is there no onetime fee option?
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
keeps crashing. i am trying to use this app on my s7 on sprint. everytime i log in it crashes and ask to send crash report. ive installed it a few times now. please fix bug.
dont waste your time. the support on this app is non existent. signing up is a slow impossible process
. quickbooks has made it much easier to run my small business and create invoices on the go!
. i like the app works very well in the field. can slide cards input data all from the work site.
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
great app. builds accounting teamwork and keeps management decisions up to date...
organization. finally found a way to do things faster and keep me organized!! with qb app i can easily go into my account and make an invoice, pay a bill, and add my deposits as soon as i do them without waiting until i'm in my office to do everything.
so easy. this app makes it so easy to print invoices for my clients on the go! also cuts down on time that i have to sit at my desk at home and allows more time with family. great app.
it's okay. can't send reminders or edit invoices ... kind of a pain.. great for sending invoices on the go though !
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
. signed up 6 days ago for self employed package, although it says in the package i can use the app, when opening the app it states i have not signed up for it... emailed asking for help, no reply. scheduled a call back for tuesday 13pm, noone called. poor customer service. i will cancel and find another accountancy program.
business on the run. quickbooks online with the ios app make operating a travel based business on the run simple. log invoices as you go. input estimates along the way. print and mail or email all at once at the end of the day. not to mention the helpful reports and expense management. i couldn't run my business without it.
. used this software for a year in vain, they don't have invoice customization option, they are not supportive, we had to used excel for few clients and quickbook for few and this makes this software redundant
if it wasn’t broken, it would be much better.. when i launch this app on any of my devices, i get an error in the app that says “unable to get all of your quickbooks data pull down to refresh your page.”
taking our business to a new level. we have been so happy since we switched to quickbooks online plus! it has allowed us to streamline our invoicing and bookkeeping. our clients love how easy it is to pay invoices online. we love knowing we've received payment for each cleaning performed! qb customer service is excellent.
. good . highly recomended,. the only thing is i need to register the time of the day the transaction was made. that's give me more control of my routes.
. great app to use for companies on the go. can email invoice to customers immediately. love this app!
amazing program. this is the best program for your company!
. continues to make me turn phone off and on or delete app it does not work.
great app. saved me hours of paperwork, great app 👍
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
kewl app. thanks
tax invoice as per india standard. dear, please give us more invoice style templates as per india stander
great bookkeeping app. this is a great app for tracking expenses sending invoices and overall bookkeeping. it is especially great if you are a mobile service and always on the go, easytouse from your phone or tablet or computer!
app crashes after each action. i use the desktop version most of the time but when i need to use it when away, it’s really frustrating that the app shuts after every action making doing anything painfully cumbersome.
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
. how long has this app been out and it still doesn't work? i can update my bank feeds just fine on the website and pc version but the android app always errors out. clearing cache or reinstalling won't help. i get the same error on my phone and tablet. on my other tablet it just crashes to home screen completely. why am i paying for this again??
. stan f. would be great if it has signature capture so that a customer can sign the invoice or receipt. the ipad version has the signature capture feature but quickbooks wants 12.99 per month just to be able to use the ipad app and other 27.00 per month for the online essentials account. thats 480.00 per year just to be able to get a signature capture feature that is only available for the ipad version. quickbooks too primitive
newest update ruins app. after updating my app touch id no longer works and i can't receive payments and clear invoices anymore also it makes me sign in every time i open the app , before this update the app worked perfect and deserved a 5 star rating , you have ruined it and made it unusable , you need to fix this.
. save's me from having to carry invoices.
great!. supeper user friendly aloha
bad customer service. worked for a month then disconnected from my bank, so email sent, didn’t get a reply for 2 days!!!! emailed again another 3 days later i get a reply, problem with bank couldn’t be sorted so i downloaded xero, absolute pleasure to use.dont use quickbooks!!!!!!!!
better improvement. app running better
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
quickbooks is good but…. slight learning curve and seems to have a few annoying bugsquirks.
simplicity. this app has only gotten better and better with each update.
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
. best app for doing business on the go! best customer service by far!
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
"latest upgrade is a disgrace. i have never written a negative review of an upgrade, but the latest version of this app made a great app totally useless. you can no longer receive invoices or reconcile bank balances. do yourself a favor and delete the quickbooks app rather than ""upgrade."" the mobile website is more useful than the app."
. i have just started my own small business and this programapp is great and easy too use
great. great app, great software all around for my small business!
. good app need a few obvious corrections but will be well worth the money when there are fixed
very impressed. have been a quickbooks pro user for many years and the transition from pro to online was seamless. love the functionality and reports of quickbooks online and ability to perform tasks on the go. makes managing the accounting of a small business a lot easier.
love it. we love quickbooks online, we would be lost without this app and online access. thanks quickbooks :)
could be better. it's good for entering payments, that's about it. and even that is a stretch because half the time it shows invoices are unpaid in the app while the desktop accurately shows the same invoices as paid.
really useful. great app allowing me to raise invoices whilst on site, confirm details with clients and syncs with the software back at the office.
. user friendly for the droid not so much in the appleipad.
. i have tried the thrial for my buisness and found it projected profits higher than actual and expenses that didn't match up regardless to synching it to accounts like square or my bank. if this is the trial then im not sold. if i had turned this apps inaccurate projections into the irs they'd audit the hell out of me. ill stick to good old fashion analog style accounting thank you.
locks up. cannot load company data. does not work since app update.
i can't look up pertinent information. i can't look up pertinent information on the go while i am meeting with clients, such as a yearly sales history. doesn't do much good for the small business owner. definitely not worth paying so much money for an app that has no functionality in the field.
recent update. worked great until most recent update. can't create new invoices now. when you save it says it's saving but then just stops.
can’t use properly  soooo slow. i can’t use qbo app properly, the application is so slow, unable to load my data on my mobile (wifi lte network)
bad update. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program.
great companion app to the main qbo. i like this app a lot. it really helps run my business and to continually update my main desktop app.
. quick and easy to use. clients have been very receptive to there invoices or estimates. definitely have recommended this to other small business owners.
chris. love it!! great setup! easy. just love it!!
love it!. so far the app is easy to navigate and i like using it.
messed it up with update. i don't like that invoices send through intuit, nor that the app no longer integrates with gmail for emailing clients. please get rid of the pretty colors and fix the functionality. this update really makes the app much harder to use.
. good but receipt scanning needs to be like the self employed app, if possible. do that and 5 stars for def
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
. this is a great app for small businesses on the go. 👍👍
. excellent app
. love this app, keeps track of all my expenses and payments from clients. easiest way to do estimates and invoices as well.
pretty good..... i'm somewhat of a novice independent contractorpsychotherapist. i've been using quickbooks since 2014 and have been using the app for about a year. the dates of invoice reflect the date of service so this is helpful. i know for sure i do not use all features to their full capacity but it's worth the monthly investment for sure.
. can't run payroll from the app.
. how long has this app been out and it still doesn't work? i can update my bank feeds just fine on the website and pc version but the android app always errors out. clearing cache or reinstalling won't help. i get the same error on my phone and tablet. on my other tablet it just crashes to home screen completely. why am i paying for this again??
quickbooks online. fantastic easy way to invoice and keep in touch with customers on the go
. make my work lot easier and faster
made my job way easier. been really useful for creating invoices and collecting payments for our company!
. i am a quckbooks junky, but i have to agree with the comments. this app needs to link to quickbooks. it is useless. i love everything else qb does. i've used them for over 11 years. i really can't praise this company enough. super excited about the app for integrating affinity live!!!! just synced it.
not that great. was pretty good before the last update. new update is terrible, would be happy to speak with the suits upstairs. unable to fix this. makes it very frustrating. please fix this, straight away.
no back up provision.. i just want my books to work. can't upload anything. no way to make inquiries
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
. great app loving it
can't even open an account!. i live in spain and the app won't accept my mobile number. i even tried a uk number but even that doesn't work. thumbs down for not even letting international customers to use or even view the product.
. really frustrated, do not buy this app through google, once you setup you account through good you can not upgrade you account or transfer it to a regular subscription. so i'm just stuck with what i have....
convenient and efficient. this app allows me to create invoices and collect for my plumbing services in the field and takes care of the book keeping simultaneously! i can also email the invoice to my customer instantly, which my customers seem to appreciate.
qb app. not useful as it could be as you can't enter a bill! not being able to enter a bill makes it useless to work from an ipad or tablet device.
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
can't create new invoice. very troublesome considering this was an app i raved to people about its efficiency yet now i can't even create a new invoice and earn money... just paid for premium too. very disappointed and would like my money back for each day the app is rendered useless.
owner. app is a great convenience
great app. works really well easy to use good customer care
setup. could not setup company profile, kept getting error message. on to the next one.
superb accounting app. the only mobile app i recommend if you are into real estate. it makes my job as a small real estate owner easier and smarter. thanks quickbooks for this amazing app. great job on maintaining it. cheers! 👍🥂
. love it! hard to navigate at first but you get the hang of it.
excellent customer support.. features wise need lot of improvement. still giving four stars because of excellent customer support.
exceeded expectations. it may not be perfect but it is way better than it use to be and better than any similar product i have used. integrates well with all my bank and credit card accounts across numerous canadian providers.
.. i had to delete the app as it was having many issues. now i can't download it again?
. love it. makes my life so much simpler. i own a dj company and for billing and keeping track of my expenses it works great! plus client service is a+
. not for indian. can register as i am from india
. wonderful app! extremely helpful when needing to createsend an invoice on the fly
gets the job done!. i can make transaction entries on the move. i really enjoy this app.
great for on the go use!. love using this app! great for small business use & being able to use anywhere! with multiple people using one app!!
i love this better than their computer program!!!!. i love this app better than my computer program they have, it's easier to use & easier to track your expenses & sales. i recommend this to all my friends that basically run their business out of a vehicle saves on extra work when you get home.
error!. when i login with credentials it says connecting and finally shows me error
super time saver. this is the easiest and quickest way to do books.
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
. great app...has issues every now and again but easily fixed with tech support!
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
always have problems. this application made only to collect money from us and every time they increase their monthly payment always have errors and problems and now big issues that i can not open the application on my phone and no one reply to our email or calls they are totally worst customer service ever
. great app, much easier to invoice customers.
easy to use. look, read a lot of the reviews and people are expecting their own accountant with this program. it does what is needed to keep your finances in order. if you want 4 ,ill ion graphs to impress and be bigger then you are....go hire a team. great product, easy to use, tracks everything for me, keep my books straight, and recommend it to everyone.
very disappointed. there is very little you can actually do with the app.. not impressed am canceling the account.
great app. awesome app
. excellent app i can do all my business on this
expense and banking. until these two options are available this app is of little use.
. excellent, worth subscribing this online accounting really good for small and medium size business
managing partner at green mesa capital, llc. a very useful app. i can do everything i want through this app. in addition, the app has features the browser does not have, like the expense receipt capture.
works well but need enhancements. the app works well and easy to use. i will appreciate if it can be enhanced to accommodate advance payments and accruals
quickbooks . . . not so quick.. would like company info on the invoices to be able to email or snail mail them. would also like to be able to change some of the categories in the invoices. not very user friendly.
. invoicing only works when it feels like. app is very hard to navigate. half the tools i have to log in to my computer and do on the desktop version. very dissatisfied and will be cancelling this service soon as i find a better alternative.
. it's a great app. i use it all the time with my company. very efficient, and easy to navigate. automatically logs out so no one else can get access to it ( logs out after being in active for a certain amount of time). making banking, estimate invoice, and employees records very easy to keep track of. also love that i can store customers an accept payment online also. only downside sometimes it can be slow but other than that it's outstanding
horrible tech support. they couldn't even transfer my desktop file to quickbooks online. after one month they called me at 8pm to say it can't be done.
. sometimes glitchy. some days it works some days it doesnt but overall worth ther money becasue the website always works
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
. useful. allows invoicing, and updates on the go!
great app... needs some work.. there’s no way to record a sale without attaching a customer to it. also, there’s really not a place in the app to keep a ledger. if it had these 2 things, it would get 5 stars from me, but as it stands i give it 4.
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
. doesn't work on pixel 3xl. crashes as soon as it starts every time. wave works great though!
does not work. i have just spotted an ad on the bus in london. installd the app. created an account. it was difficult to activate my account as the app does not read sms itself. all in all, after logon the carches  it is not unable at all. i use galaxy s6.
. inconsistent.. can't access my file through the app today. keeps force closing after authentication. not really good enough intuit!
does not work. cannot trust any invoices under clients or vendorsall are bad. only thing it can be used for is to take a photo of a receipt and add it to a vendors account. can make up an estimate in the field otherwise it is terrible
freezes. freezes when saving a new client. app is useless.
good app and great support. easy to use although experienced problem with vat rate not being editable in online desktop version. intuit' response was really quick and efficient and friendly. highly recommend.
. best app ever...
nicely integrated. this app integrates really well with quickbooks online account. features get added regularly.
terrible app. quickbooks is a terrible app on my iphone & my ipad. it's not even a good program on my computer. it's extremely limited & each update does nothing to improve it. if there was another accounting system i could use, i would.
invoicing on the go!. the app is a great companion to the online version. allows me to invoice and keep track of billable items on the go. there is so much more it does but for me invoicing right after the job is done gives me freedom to do my office work while having a coffee.
logo input. is there an advanced function to insert company logo in the paid version . if yes i will consider subscribing
incompatible with ios 9. this app is great in ios 8 and even supports touch id. however, it does not work in ios 9 and needs an immediate update.
. uggghhh..... why oh why oh why do developers continue to stuff things up with updates! get it right or leave it alone. how do i roll back to last version that worked?
great app. great app for small businesses
hassled. having a negative experience trying to connect bank account. tried the right credentials and still not getting anywhere. waste of time.
. wonderful apps but still need to improve .
great app. easy to use for on the go business. wish it had check printing feature. please add that.
essential sme tackle. intuit recently upped their game quite dramatically with the reworked online interface, which is extremely slick and intuitive (no pun!)... or at least as intuitive as double entry accounting software can be for the layman... if they added the ability to set different product pricing structures for different customers and a decent cash flow projection tool, i reckon i could justifiable give it five stars.
meh. so slow loading new pages invoice templates are ugly hard to view invoice view doesn’t quite seem “google” more like a government website that got a makeover
great tool for simple bookkeeping. my business is only income and expenses and cash basis, no inventory, so this tool is great and easy. i do all my book keeping from my phone.
timesheet and expenses. it would be a great app if our employees could access and input timesheets and expenses. maybe one day.
. downloaded this app 3 times and still close as soon as it opens. hard to use in the field if i can not get in.
awesome. the app provides an excellent opportunity to update all expenditures to find out exactly what's in my bank account anywhere i have signal for my phone.
doesn’t work with ios13. just updated ios 13 app doesn’t load. even after deleting and readding.
. great app!
great package. i'm on the road and this accounting package works great. also nice that my accountant has direct access.
. wonderful app! extremely helpful when needing to createsend an invoice on the fly
many bugs. need to fix bugs that cause the app to not follow the regular online access. employees can see things they shouldn't (like business income) and are unable to do things they should like entering customer info and invoices.
horrible. constant crashes at the worst of times!!! aarrrggghhhh!
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
. excellent app
seabreeze sealants. awesome app, makes running our business quick & easy in all aspects, we are able to stay in control of cash flow and invoices. highly recommend 👌🤙
works great, but has quirks. i love the convienience of being able to access while on the go from my phone or tablet. i came over from using quickbooks 2013 on my desktop so there was a learning curve and you have to get used to the pause between transactions.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
small business accounting. very helpful software for my business. has everything from accounting software to expenses, to employee payroll and deductions. has helped me become more efficient with my time. makes estimating and invoicing more streamline.
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
terrible customer service and often outages. terrible customer service and often outages. if you have a problem you're on your own because there are no numbers to call or anybody to message. it's only faqs
crashes, isn't sign in. stock nexus 5x. app won't sign in, hangs, now crashes every time.
the quickest cost effective solution!. pros streamlined nicely, easy to use, awesome price point! consnowhere to delegate and calculate non paid or invoices in collections and its a looong 2 days to pay day if attached to paypal.
best app i use. i have been using this app for about 30 days now and it dose everything i need it to do on the go. the only thing i would add is the ability to make a deposit in quickbooks via the app. if you use quickbooks you should have this app
fantastic app. works well! fantastic app!
. tenue de livre simple et pratique!
constantly having to sign in!. i wish quickbooks could figure out how to not have the app constantly make me reenter my password.
. very easy to use mobile accounting app
all but useless. i love qbo but the app is useless. it’s like a completely separate universe where nothing shows up as set up in qbo. reports are limited and custom reports aren’t there. i can’t see something basic like checkbook register.
no grouping of customers or invoices. services that the regular version have.... i don't know why they didn't carry this over. if u have more than one customer base or if u need to send the same invoice to multiple customers you are out of luck. hope they fix soon very annoying
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
perfect for small business. keeps me financially organized with income and expenses. easy to use and reports are complete. perfect for my small business.
awesome app. i waited to rate this app because i knew eventually everything was going to be available on the mobile app. this makes my job so much easier start to finish.
. great app!!
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
not happy with new update. new update has made navigating to the chart of accounts very annoying. you have to access one of 3 accounts (determined by qbs) that show up on the main page and then push the back button, magically the accounts list appears. poor design, but a simple fix. i don’t mind that the menu button has moved to the bottom, just please add a “chart of accounts” link. thanks.
no refund and help support was clueless.. called twice no one could help me and both phone numbers proved useless. billing support was not helpful. could not even locate my ipad online subscription thru itunes. waste of time and money in my experience.
easiest accounting on the go. makes it so easy for me to handle income and expenses for my business no matter where i am.
. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:) 23092019 i wish to ask, wether you can remove the function which not allowed to screenshot ? it is very frustrated when i need to inform my customer how much they owe. please !!!
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have littleno confidence in the product.
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
no timesheets. i wish it had employee information access. would love to be able to track hours from the app!!!
. everything you could ever need to manage a business. financials at a glance and indepth, invoicing made easy, automated payroll, and so much more. 2 employees couldn't replace this app.
great app a must for business. i have waited to switch to qb online as i had read a lot of negative feedback but this is a great app for keeping in touch with the finances of you business and easy for those not trained as an accountant
rather use my local accountant and pay the £100 per annum. rather use my local accountant and pay the £100 per annum
. truly powerful software! takes a bit of getting used to, but once you grasp how it works, which is relatively simple, you're able to meaningfully track the financial health of your business.
not able to enter bills. i cannot on this app nor the mobile site enter bills or purchase orders!! its very bad because now payments cannot be entered from my asus padlaptop please update this asap!!!!!
login. i am not able to login.
i can't stand this program. logins don't work most of the time. functionality is severely limited (no expense tracking, no bill entry?! seriously). crashes regularly. horrible customer service.
. makes my life much easier! i like the app better than the online version!
. excellently great app
new user. will be happy to see how useful this is for my company.
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
super cool. i have it with me know on the go and the reporting is also cool. had some challenges as the i initially bought the app through apple but once the i was migrated, problem was solved. i can't stop talking about this app to friends and colleagues. is there a bonus for referring people?
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
it's only a trial. this looks brilliant until you've set up the account only to find out that it's a 30 trial. by that time they've got your email. well done them. clever!! immediately deleted
great app  easy to use. enough said. it helps me keep track of my invoicing as well as my expenses. great for small businesses.
a handy little companion but it wont replace the website. a number of features from the web portal are missing such as matching bank transactions but its ok to use simply to check your chart of accounts and to record expenses.
. this app works sometimes and then not at all. i log in and there is no icons to search customers or anything at all. please help!
old version was better. the functionality of being able to invoice on the go is great but the reports were much better in the old version. used to be able to easily click who owes me and who i owe. wish this had the company snapshot report as a report option.
avoid like the plague!. app doesn't work, says trial expired. customer support are unhelpful and have no idea when it will be fixed. we have a years worth of books on this and now we need to find new software  we've been in business for more than 26 years and have never known service like this. seriously, find another solution. this is not the software you are looking for.
great app!. easy to use, syncs nicely. very user friendly and keeps me informed while on the go!
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
awesome!!. i was a total accounting newbie. firstly qbo is awesome and then this app is awesome. so convenient. best way to manage your small business finances when coupled with qbo.
. trash app. havent been able to sign in for the last 2 months
lee. alot better and easier to use than some book keeping companies out there.
"locks, freezes, and won't sync. updated last week and haven't been able to use it since. i've reinstalled, cleared cache, resynced data... nothing. qb customer service ""can't see any issues with my login"" so who knows ? ive been reduced to entering all my invoices from my computer at home (defeats the purpose of the app doesn't it?). until they fix this update, don't download it."
unstable bank syncing with capital one spark business. selling a functionality that isn’t ready for market... product is way too beta. needs more robust customization features for price of qbo, and portability across other qb versions, ie desktop, mac, etc.
no security with ios 13.0 update.. nice to have the app working again .. too bad it opens without the required password. shoddy update.
. poor customer service. substantial amount of time wasted trying reach a human.
. the platform itself is perfect. but the app needs improvement. can't add things link owner's capital.
. very limited features and too slow. even after 6 months of using they've not provided the payment gateway integration as available in others. no one handles the queries seriously after 5pm on phone call.
not for indian. please do remember this app is not useful for indian currency so don't waste your data.
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
. takes a extremely long time to refresh if it even does in the end it's a miracle. needs work. not reliable
really good !. used a different invoicing program for years but would not sync with quickbooks. so i went over to the best and figuring it out. quickbooks online has made it easy to work through. good job developers !! been 8 months now and have to say quickbooks online has been excellent ! not too hard to learn and very easy for my customers. a winwin
. this app is awesome and helps to organize your life and your business habits
. lots of functionality and convenience in this robust small biz acctg software
. incredibly hard to unsubscribe, i have been paying for this app and do not need it after 2 years. i still cannot find the unsubscribe part on google play and have followed the useless instructions to do so. not happy.
. like the app just struggling to get the logo in the est and inv struggle on the mobile
crashes 48 times per day. app crashes over and over, saying you need to log in again for critical updates. there are no updates availability, and deleting and reinstalling the app doesn’t help. it’s frustrating because it takes 20 minutes to enter customer information, because you need to finish and hit that save button before the next crash. best to just use quickbooks in the browser, even though that isn’t perfect. four stars with no crashes.
it only took intuit 10 years to get it right. finally! a cross platform that works where i do and i don't have to re enter all my data. however the search feature has gone rouge. i want to look at the last 30 days but it crashes every time. yes i have uninstalled ect. poor continuity.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. need to be able to email multiple emails at one time.
. very easy to use great app
excellent. does what it says on the tin.. excellent app. works brilliantly on the ipad, sometimes find it a little sluggish on the iphone but i put that down to the poor wifi we sometimes have and bad signal from phone operator. anyways it's so easy to use and i can produce an invoice there and then and email to the client instantly. don't know why i took so long to move from desktop to quickbooks online.
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
. always crashes, is temporarily unavailable or can't sync banking transactions
one word. awesome. i love this cause i can store all the receipt online.
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus! i only wish this app would allow me to process ach and credit card payments on the fly!
"convenient. having a small business can be challenging...a customer requested a copy of invoice to be resent from my office.... ""i have no office"".....downloaded d app and baam, job done....awesome!!!!!!"
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
please: give us delayed charge already!. how many times do we have to ask? for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
nada funciona , nada de soporte y ningún tutorial. soy economista y sé cómo trabajar con aplicaciones y ordenadores . es una de las peores aplicaciones que conozco y si quiero saber cómo hacerlo no hay tutorías o quia que explica lo que quiero hacer . no la compres
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go.
awesome. i use it on my mobile, very efficient and fast in the field , for quick creation of invoices and quotations, on the spot so i never lose the opportunity to acquire a new jobs and customers
very helpful. haven't had any problems with this.
one in all. i can run my business with great confidence because of this application available of quickbooks online. one my favorite functions is the capability of producing estimates, and invoices immediately. that function pleases a majority of my professional field clients.
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
phone number. i like the app. i can use it for my business plan. but when im entering my phone number to create my account, it says invalid. please fix. country: philippines
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses. all from my phone
not happy any longer!. having issues logging in every single time now, very frustrating and not happy at all. always asking for finger print, and when typing in my password, it takes about 5 attempts before it’ll login to my company info. also having a constant lag when trying to inputsubmit any items to customers. this is extremely upsetting when trying to submit invoices before a deadline.
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
awful. doesn't work.. logs me out instantly every time i sign in... wish i could evaluate more. love the online version, but this app is struggling.
. this app makes my life so much easier.
essential for small business owners. i find quickbooks essential for my small business. makes business management much easier than it would be with any other method or product.
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
works perfect. i enjoy using qb it allows me to send invoices from where ever i'm at also i can except payments from the field. it's been awesome to run my small business for 2 years.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multiuser access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
online user. i find this program easy to navigate then the desktop. not as cluttered as the desktop compact
. quickbooks online has been an invaluable management tool for my small business. i give professional estimates for services & am able to create invoices, receive payment, & track income, expenses, etc.
. good reliable app
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
this app makes billing so much easier, which gives me more time for other tasks.. it is a must have for small business owners, especially new ones.
perfect for my accounting firm. love this app! it's perfect for my accounting firm to track our books and clients. i even like how it works with quickbooks online accountant. 5 stars for all.
nice having qb in your pocket. easy to operate in the field and keep the paper work down at night. hopefully in time more functionality will be added.
easy, fast and efficient. this app keeps me organized and on top of my cash flow. it is easier to use than the web interface and it's always with me when i'm on the road. as a mobile trainer, this is invaluable. once customers and vendors are set up, it takes seconds to update invoices, payments, and receipts. highly recommend.
slow at the app not compatible with ipad. something wrong with this app , slowly uploading and not easily manageable on the ipad
ios 13 crash. an awful app that is made even less useful in ios13 because it just crashes straight after running.
great app for any small business. this is a well polished app with regular updates and new features being added everyday. *credit card transactions are incredibly simple with the intuit gopayment integration. great job on the app guys keep up the good work!
does not work. cannot trust any invoices under clients or vendorsall are bad. only thing it can be used for is to take a photo of a receipt and add it to a vendors account. can make up an estimate in the field otherwise it is terrible
ok for readonly activities. don’t get me wrong, i love the qb online version i use from my pc. you will not find anything better for the price. but the ipad version just doesn’t do tons of things i want it to. it’s ok if you want to run a p&l or bs but i run dozens of different reports that are unavailable for some reason. again, ok for checking balances, just not nearly robust enough to bother with for accountants.
. like a bookeeper without the paycheck expense
. we use this to track our business expenses and are so pleased with the functionality of it! it just gets better with each update.
great app. works great thanks for rhe ease of use and being able to do my books on the go
still doesn't work. touch id is still not working. must manually log in to the app each time i use it throughout the day. this is super annoying not to mention time consuming. and time is money!
we have qb enterprise. does this work with qb enterprise? or do you have anything that does?
. very easy and useful
great app. been using for over a year now for keeping track of time for my construction business. works great
couldn't be easier. lots of good features, still learning how to use it, easy to set up for anyone, reasonable pricing aside from their merchant services to keep track of finances, and looks nice.
n entendi nd. tenho 17 anos, nao entendi nd, sou burra ou esse app é ruim? talvez a primeira opção, mas de qq forma n gostei
. piada! além de não sair da tela de cadastro inicial, a galera só fala em problemas relacionados a pagamento nao devolvido e mal funcionamento. o apelo é extraordinário e carente aqui no playstore, mas esse aqui tá ferrado!
. very easy to use app!
. i am sara. i am new to social media. i found it to be useful aka practical here.
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
. this website is terrible and the customer service is friendly yet not helpful!!! i want to cancel my subscription and yet told to remove the app from my tablet....wrong by removing the app it does not cancel my subscription...very unhappy!!
absolutely terrible!!!!!. this app is garbage. funny that intuit is in their name because there is nothing intuitive about anything in this app at all. complete waste of time!!! complete garbage. just trying to set up the basic information about accounts that i use and tailor the app to my needs was excruciating. i can’t say enough about how bad this is!!!!!!
love it. it is nice to be able to enter expenses and check invoices on the run.
excellent program. i have tried office and unless you no the formulas it doesn’t work. absolutely love how easy this is!
great work!. the app works great and is a very useful tool for on the go business matters. i have not yet figured out how to add single time activities on the app ... not sure this feature is available. but other then that it's great!
it's ok. useful app.. i can't figure out how to open the other companies that i can access on the desktop.
excellent app. i like the qb app better than the online version of qb. the app is easier to use and allows me to operate my business with no paperwork and less time spent doing bookkeeping and office work.
doesn't work. won't open on the ipad
. great app to perform some business tasks on mobile
. awesome! they still need to improve a bit for the mobile app, as some things are not available on it compared to desktop, but really, i couldn't run my business without quickbooks online
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. absolutly a must have for any biz owner. really an easy & amazing app. takes your company to the next level with ease.
keeps me connected to my business. the qbo online app is a great compliment to qbo online when i am on the go and do not have access to my laptop or computer. i love the fact that i am always connected to my business even when i have only my mobile phone.
. easy way to do invoices on the go and trck if customer has viewed invoice.
business made easy. use this app daily keeps everything organized
. use qbo daily. this so is nice for quick lookups but is not fully functioning as qbo.
. worst customer service ever they do the exact opposite of customer service, whatever it would be the answer will always be no, we can't, we won't, it's the policy
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
not compatible with my lg g4 phone. i bought new lg g4 and installed the app on it, once i try to sign in the app crashes , i sent email to customer service and it has been three months since then, they keep saying we are trying to solve the issue, worst customer service ever.
owner. this software has been the best ever. it has made my job so much easier and faster for billing.
awesome!. it has helped me to collect unpaid invoices more efficiently and i've collected more money because unpaid invoices are not forgotten about until they have been paid.
. downloaded app twice when i tried to login error message continually read i didn't have a quickbooks subscription. was never allowed to access app features.
user role permission not supported. custom user role not supported on ipad. quickbooks recommends you to use online but the invoice interface is “blowout from screen” in chrome and safari and no available signature from customer. its annoying to use it online. this happens, at least, when the user have custom role, just permission for sales for instance.
. used to work perfect ever since update it's very unreliable. can't log into app reliably. it often locks me out right when i'm standing in a customer's house trying to invoice them or locks me out when i need to go through my client list for a phone number etc. i suggest you consider competitors software until the app becomes stable again.
a1. great saves money time talks to my accountant, does estimates, converts to invoice simple
. takes a while to get used to it. handy app
. app crashs more then i can use it nearly impossible to get my work done will definitely be looking in to other ways t invoice and accept payments
. great app
brilliant app. quickbooks is an amazing app. i'm an electrician with a small business, so i need something quick and easy when i'm in the field. entering expenses and creating invoices is so easy on my tablet andor phone saving me hours per week. great work...i'm very impressed!
works great. this app gives me the functions i need from my phone.
update google signin never works. update: quickbooks support contacted me. i uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it works now.  i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google signin. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
not so good. it keeps hanging up with an error message not connected to the internet. not very useful for business.
. absolutely horrible customer service having multiple issues but because they can't duplicate it they act as if it's not a problem i have to delete my app and reinstall just about every day now because it says there is suspicious activity when there isn't and on the samsung tablet the app will not let you do negative numbers for discounts
. absolutely love this app. we use it to keep our books for our trucking company. it is easy to use and convenient for tracking our business!
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
great app. this app is great and it supports an even greater cloudbased accounting programme, i wish i had started to use it sooner. it is making my life so much easier.
. great app
overall but problems. overall works well for small business. a lot of problems with checking account and credit card connections. one i am still going to have to sort through to make sure transactions weren't missed, as it only loads back 90 days. and you get no notification if an account suddenly disconnects. its a mess but customer service is good and they work with you well.
great app!. our company switched from quickbooks desktop to the online version which came with the option to download the app. we now use the app more than online. we handle estimates, invoices, payments, banking and more directly in the app and on the go. the app has a simple and clean look making it easy to navigate. to date we haven't had any issues with it. we are excited to finally be able to get things done in less time!
if it worked.... won't load my bank balance in the app i have to do it on the laptop, it's frozen twice and can't connect to qb online. had it 12 hours so far
love the videos  love the whole system. easy, intuitive, and so rich with features.
c'mon man. still won't let you attach items. ...... please fix!
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
service is great to use but.... i do like the service but don’t like that they have increased pricing 3 months me into using the services. now i have to transfer all my data to another program since i do not like the increase.
easy. easy to use, and has all the features i need to run my lawn care business. i recommend it to everyone. my only issue was getting my subscription paid for. i worked it out by calling customer service and they were awesome.
awesome. it saves me so much time. great to keep up with my business accounting. mostly simple to use. some features require a bit of basic accounting knowledge.
. quickbooks is rubbish, i have literally wasted days of my life trying to set it up to work efficiently only to hit endless glitches. the last straw was that it lost information vital to my business and therefore money because of lack of clarity on the app. beware 'edit current' actually means actually means change template and loose all previous information. quickbooks don't care about the individual and have not compensated for this.
. financial software on the go
what’s going on?. i’m paying almost $11month for an app that “can’t update payment information right now.” this has been going on for weeks. i can’t even send current invoices. pointless to have at this time.
. works all fine and easy to use. pro tip: if anything breaks, delete your local cache and try again 😊 (thanks to the qb support)
great for what i need to do. also does payroll!. overall pretty decent. it has everything i need. though there are so things that aren't user friendly and not exactly customizable. all in all, definitely would recommend it!
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
. this app has one major flaw in my view. my bank transactions do not update unless i go through the website and update it there. this is probably the only reason i have this app. this is very annoying and i have contacted quickbooks about this issue and they are not helpful. they tell me to go to the website and update it there! would be a great app if they fix this issue.
. not sure why i pay $16 a month for this app when it only works 60% of the time. please get the bugs worked out or i will have find another company to run my business with. cant access my account on tablet, cant save invoice or estimate on s8. please fix.
app is awesome but works better on iphone than android. love the app however why can't i pull up profit loss statement graphs on my s6? this was extremely simple on my iphone 5. any help?
. works as expected very happy just through the app you can not attach pdf documents to the invoices at this time which i wish it could .
. this program will not let me separate my inactive accounts from my active accounts. also navigation is not intuitive to me.
. very helpful tool for smb owners, easy of tracking payments and expenses.. loving it..
. it is easy to use the app and convenient to have on the go. however the app lacks the presentation of the computer online website which has better detail on each page. i would prefer to use the website page.
. it's a great app
. slow customer service meant i was unable to upgrade from qbse to quickbooks online. tried clear books instead, app is not great but otherwise they are a vast improvement, particularly the bank sync which is so much more reliable. i get the feeling qb have grown too quickly and do not have the infrastructure to support their customers.
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
. great app
. i was finally able to utilize this valuable resource. it has simplified writing estimates. the more time you invest in filling in your information, the easier and useful this resource becomes. thanks and god bless
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
powerful, concise and easy to use. i get the information i need immediate, and am able to review, edit and accept transactions quickly and easily. this helps me answer questions on the fly!!
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing i can't create and send my invoice please fix asap
useless!. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. mobile apps for ios and android sucks big time!
. not a bad app
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
i like this software but not sure. how do i export this information or report or how do i print
johannes. owner very good accounting program my accounted dose not care for it online but owell i like it
. this app is extremely easy to use and keeps all of my business accounting running smoothly and quickly. i haven't had any problems and neither have any of my customers.
very good for my small business needs. having used the full desktop version for 10+ years. the mobile version has been great,won't do everything the full version does. but suits my needs. and i'm still learning all its functions,but happy so far.
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
quickbooks updates. can you please tell us what changes your doing it would be nice to know
hate this app. waste of data & time too
quickbooks. excellent software. easy to use both at home and on the go with mobile device.
. sucks keeps saying i have update available but then everytime i try to download the upgrade i get error code 927 saying unable to complete download. with current app it doesn't allow me to look up past invoices. the things i use most are not on mobile app. all i do with it is print current invoices with my wireless eprinter and find customer contact numbers to call them. needs upgrading with more features.
shotcaller. 1 an only mf
great app.. helps so much w billing... highly recommended. .
needs work. glitches, freezes all the time, constant updates asks me to review app while i'm using app so annoying
perfect for small businesses!. i have a growing cleaning company and thus app is perfect for me!
bob. great app
don't bother!. except for the cost, i really like quickbooks online. this ipad app is nothing even close and is basically useless.
don't bother. been using qb desktop for years. disapointed in the sasmobile version. mobile app is slow and frequently fails to load at all. not much functionality at all besides creating invoices. checking account balances or customer ar is not worth the bother on mobile app. this is an ok solution. i bet there are better options available than qb mobile app.
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
why bother. why bother with the app? you get better features by using your web browser, even on your tablet. even still, the payroll functions are very cumbersome and don't work well, so a desktop is still required.
pretty useful!. i can add my expenses and match them later and now they even. updated the web internet so i can use it on my tablet and it's become super helpful! thanks quickbooks! i think what's they update it to where you can do all the thing you can on the tablet web interface that you can do on the computer it's going to be top notch
. not fully fledged it's great but doesn't do much nor the basic things i would want in an app.. basic reporting, easy input of invoice (picture maybe ocr), accepting account transactions.
some good points. some frustrating points too. stop logging me out for one. taken a while to get my head around it, invoicing seems to be quite easy now. i'm not impressed that i can't do my payroll from this app, that's frustrating.
. this app works really good makes owning a service business simple. love that i can get done at a customers house and send an invoice
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
. great app, simple to use ... a business can't move past a certain point without a reliable payment and invoice tracking system .... quick books delivers and is constantly improving ... highly recommended!!
ipad integration has gotten much worse. there seems to be no way to run a detailed report. the help section is worseless. i’ve used qb for 20 years and it seems less trouble to learn another app than to continue. why remove functionality that used to be there?
. very convenient for recording expenses on the go
". update 101619: still useless as constant login issues persist, why use the app if i constantly have to uninstallreinstall + clear cachedata. constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
. this is a easy to use app and makes keeping track of finances easy i'm still having no problems using quickbooks and it just gets easier and easier . and if you need help the team is there , i recommend this especially if you have no real experience u swing an accounting system
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
improved quickbooks. it has many features than can help small businesses. the app can help you to organize, make use of spare time to do work.
great app. great app. gives me complete flexibility while operating my small business!
now i can’t update banking feed.. all of a sudden i’m getting error 9999 when i tried to update banking feed.
qb ol user. i almost can't believe they actually released this to the public. it is only half an accounting system. all you can do is see outstanding invoices. it is at best a limited reporting system. it is not a way to control a business.. a long way to go before even thinking about paying $0.99 for it ..
". takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo. unable to sync with my data through app, after 3 days of ""engineers working on it"" (or are they off on the weekend even though your problem started onba friday?)"
great for simple tasks. love the quick view and invoicing. easy to attach receipts. wish i could do bank rec
so far so good 👍🏻😃. software is straight forward and easy to use and if you are unsure, the support team explain everything.
never even got it opened before it had an error. i have never had this in my life,my business barely has a name and it said an account already exists under my email address.. sounds like there are some issues to work out
. great app
only missing a mileage tracker. i recall i primarily looked into a system for mileage tracking, now months later i’m hooked but i still don’t have a solution. the invoicing, banking, etc features are all great! glad i made the investment, just need to find me a mileage tracker. hee hee
great app. this app does great to keep up and quickly do business transactions while out on a job
works great. does a great job
awesome app. i run a small business and i use quick books to manage my entire business! from estimates to invoices to getting paid its all so easy and fun to use! thanks guys
on track. keeping track of daily expenditure, and the performance of my business is so much easier with this app.
none of the convenient features work. i send invoices quite often and with each invoice i need to add attachments. every time i try to add an attachment the invoice will not send. also the desktop app is garbage.
. great app, would like more control from mobile devices
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
. really great app, highly recommend it!
"cumbersome. cumbersome and clunky to deal with. constantly checking to make sure i'm not a robot. security is appreciated but this is ridiculous and really slows me down. used to be good but got updatedtweaked""improved"" past the point of being useful. now i dread having to use it."
good deal. i appreciate this app. it helps me keep an eye on my business so i'm not always sitting in front of my laptop.
. great app! it makes doing my small business easier!
. we tried the free trial before purchasing.. quick books keeps changing my partially paid invoice to paid in full .. when i called tech support he told me to fix this problem its 129.00he was rude and started to raise his voice after i started hows it possible i have to pay that much for a free trial app when they are the ones causing the problem... quick books is no good.. and their tech support is the rudest customer service i've ever heard!
. the app has never been that useful and honestly i feel like quickbooks is losing my favor. now the app won't change the dates on reports. we live in a day in age when i expect to be able to access information when and where i need it, and if i can't count on something then i need to move to something i can count on.
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
crashes too much, stressful. doing accounting is difficult enough. why did quickbooks create an app that crashes and creates frustration then?! this is not my phone's problem, because i have the latest apple model.
. very good app
will not stop asking for a review. trying to get work done and having to swap back and forth between invoices to get the numbers. made difficult since every time i switch back and forth it asks for me to review the app. well, there you go, 1 star, now let me work.
buggy. since updating to the latest version i can’t view invoices from the home screen or even update and send invoices from the invoices screen. hire some competent engineers.
. very confusing
. i cant connect my bank account, or contaxt support for help, waste of money. not the service i payed for, avoid
unusable in ios 13. after login, app crashes every time. i tried deleting and reinstalling as well. ios 13.0. please fix asap.
great app. works great for invoicing or estimating on the go. 5 stars if it was completely synced to my laptop. sometimes i don't see estimates that were done in the office available to seeedit on the mobile app.
. very easy to use. i was put onto this by my accountant and i am so glad she did . if i can do it, anyone can.
error. a lot of error messages when trying to save things. only to find out it was saved twice afterwards.
generally does not work. if they generally updated everything they might needful go back a step or two. won't even open on the ipad anymore. crashes immediately.
. great program
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
. it's a great app. i use it all the time with my company. very efficient, and easy to navigate. automatically logs out so no one else can get access to it ( logs out after being in active for a certain amount of time). making banking, estimate invoice, and employees records very easy to keep track of. also love that i can store customers an accept payment online also. only downside sometimes it can be slow but other than that it's outstanding
no longer works on ipad. this app is no longer functioning as of the most recent update. it used to work on the ipad. the camera feature is difficult to use when trying to take a picture of receipt. it doesn't allow me to record payments any longer. please fix.
confusing. very difficult to use.
crashes non stop on ipad. crashes non stop on ipad
better than before. i like the ability to record expenses on the fly and take a picture of the receipt. would be better if the smart logic time saving features in quickbooks online were incorporated.
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
. sole trader; i was spending hours on spreadsheets before finding this app. it has frozen a couple of times at inopportune moments but overall great. the ability to create a purchase order on my phone is the only missing link so far. 5 stars!
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
doesn't refresh. it doesn't update on mobile devices.. plz fix it so that it will be more convenient
slow at the app not compatible with ipad. something wrong with this app , slowly uploading and not easily manageable on the ipad
ios 10.01 update...... awful! not user friendly. keeps telling me to update safari to use program. still can't run checks!
"useless. i use quickbooks online extensively at my corporate office. this app, and what is available through the ""mobile"" website version of qb online, is useless for getting any work done outside of the office."
please add more search options. this is a great app to accompany a great service. my only request is that i be able to search for content within invoices themselves. for faster lookup!
pretty good. this app is great. the quickbooks online system is fantastic. essential to running my business.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
useless  data download errors. the app worked great for the past couple years and now all the sudden it keeps crashing when trying to download my data. i own a mobile business and now i'm having to preplan and print invoices before i show up because the app is useless.
a++++. great program!!!
i need support no one available. i need support trying to do payroll but no one at qb is available. not a very good way to run this business!
less than worthless to me. who cares what customers are near me! i want to see banking information, view various account in qb, do real work on my ipad. i should be able to do anything on this i can do using qq online. should is the operative word here. don't waste your time and space on your ipad.
truly mobile accounting apps. i have tried for a few days and it give me an impression that i can finish all my accounting without going back to desktop. it use the camera of phone wisely.
loved it. its very useful app to track expenses and invoice.
can't view customized reports. nice app. not very useful for tracking your business through reports that you have setup using quick books online. what's the point of having your company books in your hand if you can't track the information you need?
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
awesome app!. started my business with the start of this app since i'm a mobile mechanic and it's awesome to do quotes and invoices on the fly makes it easier to keep customers
where's the touch password?. i use keychain so my quickboks password on my mac is super random, with dashes and strange symbols. i use quickbooks on my iphone so i can quickly add expenses when on the road and don't have a mac nearby. please add the touch password feature back in so the iphone app is convenient again.
. best software for any business!
touchid. touchid or pincode does not seem to work for login. it never gets asked when the app starts even after enabled. please fix. thanks.
. the app is super easy to use and understand.
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
"works great for my business needs. i can send estimates quickly and they look professional. one feature i really enjoy is knowing my customer has viewed the estimate! occasionally the ""+"" arrow doesn't seem to respond on the app... otherwise i'm very pleased. dc"
great app. this app makes keeping up with everything so simple!
very limited. i like quickbooks, but the ipad application is very limited on its ability to work compared to the website and the desktop application they offer. it needs a lot of improvement since the ipad can handle the workload.
. does what i need it to do.
charge for an expense???. can't even include an expense on an invoice. rubbish !!!!
perfect app. perfect app
good. i wish i had full functionality for everything. great way to pull up an invoice on the fly.
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
needs to be full featured. i love the program but hate that i can’t do into my vendor bills on the app for ipad. i can’t enter them in or view them on ipad. i can on browser view but even it needs to update as everything gets cit off in chrome and when you click the menu button to hide it it does not slide everything over so you can see more.
. really quick and simple set up. easy to use. no problems so far. perfect for a small business.
awesome.. works great for invoicing and reports. love being able to email and print invoices and estimates from my phone. i don't use it for payroll.
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
. having a horrible time with quick books. everytime i try to start the free trial just to check efficiency of the app so that i can go purchase it. but as soon as i go to enter the company name the app hangs and closes off.
agree with useless. not what i expected. does not have the same functions as qbo. disappointed! would have been great and convenient if all functions were available.
. cant even login. keeps telling me to restart app amd try again
worthless app. i was excited to find this app and, unfortunately, downloaded it. i really cannot figure out what is good for other than creating invoices. confusing when you open the app, it does not get better as you get into it, not that there is anything to get into. i run a small non profit & just found this app useless, except for taking up space. what a pity as i have been a qb user for years.
great for business. it's great that you can send invoices from phone. it would be even greater if it had a deposit feature. that way when you're at the bank you can just look on the app and see and check off your deposits from undeposited funds.
a pretty good app. update: they added deposits! it does everything i need now, upgrading to 5 star! all in all, this is a pretty great app. it does just about everything i need it to while on the go, but it is missing one key piece of functionality. it does not allow the recording of deposits and that is really important for me. other than that it functions flawlessly and has never given me any trouble. overall, i love it!
. just unistalled and reinstalled the app hopefully it is going to work. after doing over 70 invoices it stopped working dashboard showed blank 😕
too many problems entering expenses. he expenses are not taking the payee. i had to switch to desktop to enter the expenses with the payee. hopefully quickbooks will address it.
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
really convenient. love this app. i'm trying it as a trial and i'm sold. we will be getting the monthly service for sure.
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
fantastic!. i love this app. it works really well, and makes it easy for me to stay ontop of invoicing my customers.
does not work or match online version.. does not work or match online version. we cant make it accurate or work correctly. do not use.
prettt good. it’s a good app, i’d have given it 5 stars but the sequential number doesn’t load when using the app. this means to produce an invoice you have to go back and look up the last invoice number.
loving it. since the most recent update, i am loving this app!
simple and magnificent. love it. that is all. 😀
the worst app ever. this app is the worst app i have ever used. takes too long to update data .... and sync hardly ever works... does not have overview screen where it shows balances on accounts... no option to sort list differently... showing the oldest payments, open invoices on top... no option to change sorting methods... too many things to list...
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
. whats the cost after free trial
touch id fail. qb  please fix the touch id feature. it's useless.
it gets the job done. it’s not a bad app. i can’t find anything that will do everything i want & the problem with this is that i can’t fully customize my estimateinvoice forms. they have preset forms that you can play with a little, but not enough for my satisfaction.
. very easy to use. easy to understand. cheaper than hiring an accountant. love this very much.
. u need to put the all app in full.
. never could get it to work, after months of paying and a call into quickbooks (who do not support the product if bought through the playstore or apple store), i gave up trying to use this software. $160 out the window with not a single useful action resulting from owning this product.
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
mr. nice app
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken. 21517 latest updates are a constant crash.
. i thought it was bad three years ago! its much worse now. not user friendly and still doesnt support my form of business. all they really do with this app is track your bank account and catigorise things. you can only catigorise as an expense or income. its the new year and new month and its counting transaction from jan 2019 as transactions from december 2018. i need help. any recomendations on business softwesr that also has tax softwear?
horrible. worst company and app to deal with. had to click 1 star they are negative 5 stars
very poor support and feature. features are basic and they won’t let you unlock the others with poor support. don’t use
can't update credit card. i don't have access to a computer with chrome, they don't support ie 8 anymore so i can't update my credit card. so i download the app to see that my account is suspended due to wrong expiration date on my credit card but you can't update in the app. this blows and is useless
. excellent app to get into your data on the road. i understand more functionality would be useful but being able to raise & query jobs and send out estimates & invoices 'in the wild' on my mobile phone is a real asset.
. this app makes my business more efficient!
. always having an error notice when signing in
quickbooks is very refined. the app works great and is easy to use
. effectively useless. crashes after tapping on anything
terrible app. keeps crashing. keeps dumping you out telling you that “critical updates “ and must login again. try to login and  am a very longtime customer  it tells you your company is nonexistent. ba humbug. complain to intuit and they say use a “supported” device. in other words: don’t use the app. time to find software other than quick books.
good app. easy to use
unable to log in. i have used quickbooks at office and decided to get it for my self but after downloading app it keeps giving me an error when i try to log in to the app. very unfortunate...i really like quickbooks
great app. really happy and love quickbooks
the app was a wast of memory on my phone. and the generic responses to past posts make it worse. sorry, your app is giving you a bad rep..
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
"great app! how about adding work orders?. love the app... would love to have a ""work orders"" option for all of us construction guys who use subcontractors for the ""services"" we provide though."
great app really does work for my business. really easy to do my accounts and invoices.
self employment. great app
simple to use. allows me to manage the books of my business anywhere anytime and i a can create an invoice directly from my phone which is very convenient.
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
. very easy to use and keeps everything organized and at my finger tips for billing, payments, expenses and payroll. a must for any business owner!
. very simple, easy to use and seamless between desktop and mobil
awesome app. as a small business owner i'm constantly on the go. this app is amazing. with very little effort i can quickly add a new client create an invoice and get paid how i want.
it works well. only thing i didn't like and don't like about other great apps is the persistent pop ups asking for a review. i get it and all but people will review if they want to. great app though does everything i want it to and more. highly recommend to everyone out there.
addicted to billing now!!!. oh my goodness. this app is no joke. love it and i stay up late looking at all it has to offer and new things. i’m glad i got this and the card reader. thanks qb
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
. great app!
. great inaccessibility to app
. good app, has some minor flaws but does work in a pinch when your out on the road and need to do a quick invoice
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be.
. when it works, its great. don't count on it when the internet is even remotely slow. i had to resort to another sales app to complete sales. lost sales and it cost me more money to use the other sales app.
. can do a lot quickly. like most apps doesn't allow you to do everything you can do on full site. great for adding invoices on the go.
finally!. this app does all that i've wanted  expenses and all. good to se qbo is working at this. love the mobile experience.
. this app doesn't do payroll. apparently you can download quickbooks payroll but i couldn't find it. found it online and the google play website said the app is incompatible with all of my 7 different devices. sure this is available in the uk?
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
track time. so far i’m pretty unhappy with this app because i thought that i could use it to track my time while i was with a client with a timer. i know that i read that somewhere when i was researching this app. that would have been a perfect feature. if this is something that i can actually do and someone can let me know how to do it i will change my rating to 4 or 5 stars.
easy to use. very easy to use and can so it when ever is convenient for u
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
editing invoices on the go!. i love it! when life is such a bustle and you need to create an estimate or invoice for customers, quickbooks makes it easy to do.
. simple and convenient
. makes book keeping simple and informative.
amazing. this app makes my business. hats off to the developer
useless since update. the last update brings a gorgeous splash screen. i know this because i see it dozens of times each day since i have to log in every time i open the app! completely useless now.
. it's useful, but often behind the ios app. still waiting to be able to raise po's on the app  that would be super helpful when onsite with suppliers.
. absolutely awful and useless in every single way. beyond awful and useless. everything is hard to do. everything takes forever to get done. it always crashes and has constant glitches.
. quickbooks makes my life so much easier for writing amd sending estimates and invoices. there are so many other things that quickbooks can do that im slowly learning. im writing so many estimates and getting so much work from easier estimate and invoice writing its really hard for me to get the time sit down amd learn everything else quickbooks has to offer.
". we really like quickbooks online. it works nice but, the android phone and apple ipad apps still need some work. while functional in some things, overall app needs improved. we still use it, only when absolutely necessary, not a go to thing. my rating will change to 10 stars when  ""if"" they update these apps. but qb in general, love it!"
replacing invoice2go after 7years. excellent software
. great app
just crashes. has never worked period. galaxy note 4
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
so easy!. keeping my books and budget up to date is so simple now. no more hurriedly scratched reminder notes that end up getting lost or having to wait to update my registers. great app!
great app. i'm a new business owner and i couldn't have been successful without this app!!
awesome app. i was hesitant going to the monthly subscription, but it has been awesome always having access to my business account. the app looks and works just like the desktop app on my mac.
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
. excellent including mobile app
i can't run a business with quick books. the format is different on my ipad that it is on my iphone. i don't have the ability to do half the stuff i can do from my computer, which is a huge inconvenience when i'm in the field. i wouldn't recommend quickbooks or the apps to anybody.
overly complicated for sole prop. this app is useless for simple small business money in money out, it shouldn’t be this hard and definitely not worth the fight
please update. please update app or bring previous version constantly downloading customer data that takes forever and then get errors please fix quick
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
messed up. this program really stinks downloaded my accounts and it got all my accounts wrong
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
junk.. not great. doesn't support photos. i guess thats to be expected from intuit. always a little behind the game. don't bother with support either they are worse. i have had my ipad cleared twice by their support. inventory and all. wonder why the go payments cant work like an invoicing system. talk about the blind leading the blind!
run my business anywhere.. i love this app. it allows me to run my business from anywhere. in construction i'm rarely in the office. now my smartphone has become my office. i couldnt run my business without this app. highly recommended.
. freezes often and takes ages to recover
garbage. doesn't log in. rubbish. unimpressed
quickbooks. it’s taking a bit of getting used to but the more i use it the move i’m falling in love with it. it is so much easier than myob
constantly improving. great to see the new features, look forward to some more. smart, effect and smooth operations in all aspects of the software.
. makes life easier
very powerful. i appreciate the ability to invoice from my phone. the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is the difficulty in entering time when not connected.
. great app..
too extensive and yet not thoughtful enough. here's what's needed: 1) mush better limited user access ie. for delivery drivers who simply need to obtain signature but have access to all company info in the activity feed (!) 2) needs to offer lic storage for invoice signatures instead of requiring data connection as this function absolutely kills phones' battery life and also often doesn't work in concrete laden loading docks and larger buildings 3) need the mobile version to incorporate the purchase order system!
. very user friendly!
charge for an expense???. can't even include an expense on an invoice. rubbish !!!!
cant wait for more transactions so i can use the app again.. so easy to use. i look forward to using it again and again.
. loving using this software, helping me heaps
. bad app
needs updates. same app. works okay but very limited functionality. i figured since online version was updated they would've made changes here too. disappointed at how's long it's taking qb to add accounting functionality to this app.
app doesn’t work on ios 11. don’t waist time
horrible. do not waste your time or money. after a while they hold your money and cause a ton of financial difficulties for companies who rely on getting paid. there customer service is bs..........do not use
". about the only thing this app does real well is it crashes all the time. some features of this app i can't even get to without it crashing. so all said i am able to look up customers but other then that it's useless. i try to use it on a samsung 10"" tablet"
. good app as a supplement to using online or computer version. would still love a better fast upload for expense receipts on the fly rather than so much data entry or using a 3rd party app.
excellent. i love this app. best ever
. very glitchy and slow in android
labour cost per customer?. i run a construction company. my business in the cloud is perfect! however job cost tracking per customer still does not include labour cost in its report. i still have to do this manually. all the payroll info is in sync with the t sheets program so i don't understand why we can't get a profit and loss statement to include the labour tagged to that jobcustomer.
bug fixed. your problem with app
great product!. importing my company file from desktop to qbo was a breeze. love the interface, ease of use, and having access to qb anywhere i go.
. great app great
cannot use non us address. quickbooks accountant online cannot he used for locations outside the us
. i like the feature improvements but it locks up and is so slow it is unusable.
. best accounting app ever
. have had an issue with sending invoices through my app for the last 3 days. even after several calls and emails no one can tell me when this will be rectified. poor support and unorganized for such a large company.
. works good for what i need which is keeping track of jobs and money invoices and estimates
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
. doesn't work. after logged in, i can seem to review my accounts. this would be a great app if they could fix this issue.
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 3 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank. the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
great app. works good for on the go
easy to use. great app! gives me most things i need to know on the go. however, i wish it would show me revenueexpense charts.
really good app. still need some more features like invoice customization
small business app. good small business app. careful, they will rock bottom your entry price, get you hooked, then double or more your cost.
. when it comes to converting an estimate to an invoice or processing transactions, the app experience is excellent and even preferred to the desktop version. smooth and easy to learn.
jan 2019 update is a fail. it no longer lets you log in with your fingerprint or face id.
brilliant mobile app. it has changed my life . i am able to do quotes in the run and save so much valuable time .
useless for mobile access. doesn't have any of the features you would expect from a mobile app. if you want to do anything other than create a invoice or view transactions you put in from your desktop, its a waste of time. no balances, no accounts, nothing useful at all.
as everyone said wish you a good luck. it looks like this is not my issue, but everyone issue. i'm using it because, i have no other options, but think 1000 times before you put your books inside, i wish if i had this advise before i jumped in. good luck with quickbooks, and your new friends (customer support).
app is satisfactory  quickbooks online is not. i am very unhappy with quickbooks online. if you are anything more then a landlord of one rental property, then you will find quickbooks online to be greatly underwhelming. it is clunky, glitchy, and virtually void of any mechanism for customizing the program. it is not a replacement for quickbooks desktop. perhaps after a few years of unfortunate beta testers abandoning quickbooks online it will get better. for now, though, don't do it.
very handy  will stop the boss bugging me!. good app for the boss to have. super easy to check on customers invoices overdue etc. would like to see timesheet daily activity integration please  perhaps with a contollable daily multiple nag me to enter times feature? with timesheet integration i could roll this out to other staff :) cheers!
great app. it's good to use this to add pics of receipts to your account while you work on the mac. i have been waiting for this for such a long time. i needed something to replace the outdated ato's erecord.
. i have already paid for this software and it would be great if this came free as it does with my security and vendors software. it is not worth $9.99 a month when i still have issues with it.
excellent. excellent app
stop downloading.. i have redone load company data every time i log on the app which can take hours, and essentially makes the apps convenience useless.
. great app making it easier to track all of my business finances. and the fact that i can connect it to my other business apps saves me so much time.
. qbo is the best accounting software ever! the only feature missing from the app is payroll which i would really like.
. as a sole proprietor it is great to work this app .
. i like my experience so far!!
. very easy to use and efficient method of bookkeeping, invoicing and streamlining communication with my accountant. perfect for a small business.
"great app. great app. would be good to have a salesinvoice report that sorted by ""service date"". thanks :)"
"soooo slow. i have been using this app for about three years , and it was very functional and useful, but now, almost every time i open it, it says ""downloading data,"" and stays there... for 35 minutes doesnt matter whether my phone is on wifi or cell coverage. i hope they fix this bug."
. really like being able to send invoices and estimates out in the field.
one best app for accounting. one of best app for accounting
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
good. good apps
not very good. this app dose not work with samsung galaxy s 6 or 6 edged, iv phone over 6 time now and just keep getting fobbed off , i don't even think thinking quickbooks technical support know wat they are doing i'm just left in the dark
garbage. do not use this app will create an accounting nightmare can’t export back to desktop or keep your data with out staying up with their monthly payments just junk
great ui. wonderful companion to the browser based qboonline for reference on the move.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
free trial. what free trial?? it requires a subscription to even open the account!!
purchased but won’t work.. i can not contact customer service to save my life!! i purchased this after my trial but it won’t acknowledge that i have. very upset and frustrated!!!
not nearly as good as the desktop version.. the idea is great but i need it to be able to update to and from my desktop version easily which is nearly impossible.
so messy and confusing.. iphone app is so messy and confusing. desktop version struggles so much to gather my company info, and there really isn't much. errors out all the time.
. best app i've ever used for my small business and i've tried others out there in this was probably one of the best.
. nothing but problems  continuous billing issues for 3 months so i cancelled. far from having a month free and paying £6mth for the past 2 months, i have paid over £45. really frustrated with quickbooks. i will be looking for an alternative.
. works well. there are some functional restrictions from the desktop app. but works well enough
so very useful!. i run a dog walking business and basically manage my entire business with my s4, this app and a printer. so easy to set up and maintain. i am very happy with quickbooks and would definitely recommend to others.
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wasted almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
. easy on the go invoices
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
for a guy who is running his own business this is gold!. love how easy it is to invoice and snap receipts on the go. tracks all my invoices so if those subcontractors don’t pay i’m onto them straight away! cheers for making it so easy!
slow. very slow
works for me. no problems, been using it every day for almost 2 months
how can a customer approve an estimate??. why do you have the electronic signature function available for the ipad and not android?? it defeats the purpose of having a tablet on the job site. i may as well stick with my 3 part form.
invoices don’t look great. the issue i had when using quickbooks was the invoices just didn’t look very polished or professional. there’s a way of setting up a custom invoice, but really you want a good default so you don’t have to muck around.
. this app is simple and really easy to use. makes my job way easier.
. absolutely fantastic. easy to use and tailor to your needs
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
pres. good product except for email. if you email invoice and customer does not receive because of their sever being down, you never get notified. this can be a real problem because you do not find out until the customer is past due on the invoice..
. works great, i love this app.
great app. i've been a qb user since the early 90's. the app keeps getting better with greater functionally. i'm confident that all functions will be available on the app in future release. i use this app all day to create estimates and bill customers. it's great.
works good for me.. for myself a small company works well for billing on the road. was able to download and email general information to acquire a business loan while on the road. not as customizable as some accounting software bit still great for the price. support is alright. i have talked to someone quickly every time i call during business hours.
love the desktop version. the app needs work.. limited functionality. i can't even update the credit card i use to pay quickbooks in the app. tough to send invoices to clients
quickbooks. absolutely great piece of software making my business so much easier to run.
don’t waste your time. the developer is very slow to fix bugs and non responsive when a complaint or ticket is generated. the tax rates are a total mess in the app. there is very little control over adding new or editing existing rates generated by qb while using the online version. any time i use an apple product i have the same issue.
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
. app no longer loads. error returned from client
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
good app.. very nice program. works best with my ipad.
. great used old quick book enjoying this although i don't find it as easy to navigate my way around.
don't believe the hype. this app is practically worthless. all important actions require you to be on the website. i need to be able to invoice, payroll, and do taxes from the app as i am hardly with my computer.
fix the bugs. this program has many bugs and has connectivity issues. the level of problems with the software is extensive. when the program works correctly it works nicely, but the downtime and glitches greatly degrade the value of this software. i would look for an alternative accounting software package. i do not know anyone who has used this software that would give it a five star rating. in other words, i am very skeptical of the rating shown.
. i can't use this app at all because it will not sync to my bank. not the app or any of the services offered. i'm trying to cancel all of my subscriptions and services and it seems impossible to do. directions for canceling do not work. i have yet to see any cancellation choices in any drop down menus. i'm paying for services that i can not use and unable to cancel which is a scam.
bill pay ach services via intuit are so difficult. 2 months 3 support tickets, 3 phones 1.5 hours each, and so many emails i lost count... still can not get the ach funds deposited. if i did not know better i think they are just trying to see if i give up so they can keep the funds... i am not impressed, and quite honestly will probably cancel all of it.
. not supported android mobile in india. software means that either o mobile or computer should work equally both places, but your software has only web version then how to use your software.
. worst billing app i ever had.. they give false promises before subscribtion. once the customer transfered money. no body will respond for our problems
need to be able to add bills and accept transactions’s that should match to bills. i think the title says it all. qbo is amazing such a great product but the app needs more functionality. mainly the bills, i need to add a bill from my phone and then be able to match multiple bills as one payment to relevant bills on payment. so frustrating having to find a computer to do this.
great way to get my money in and estimates out.. really happy quickbooks enables me to work anywhere creating on the spot estimates and invoices making my cash flow work better for me. great app
app as of lately. every time  every single time  i open app, it tells me it must log out because it’s running critical updates. it worked fine until a week ago. not sure if it’s related to apple software but it’s getting old.
. now we can update our financial data but still miss so many report.
excellent app. helpful reports and nice review of recent transactions to make sure operations are in tact.
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
doesn't let you attach items. ....... yep, doesn't let you attach items. wtf?
. great accounts software, easy to use and pricing is best in the market. previously used myob and will never go back.
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
couldn't perform like we do without. great app!!!! highly recommended. tracks and categories everything with moderate input from you. great on tax day!
. great program for keeping track of your expenses and income.
. great program!! very easy to use and has many options.
"crash. all looks great until i press ""start your free trial""... crash and close. please fix this and i will change my review. not a great start..."
. i would like to tell everyone who reads this that my small company and i were victims of a fraud through this app and they did nothing to help me and at this moment they put my company in collection !! in addition this is not a good app!!!!!! 🤬🤬🤬🤬
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
can someblet tell me where are my products ???. trying to do a new invoice but can’t see my products once i hit the + bottom
missing functionality. reliable app but authentication is too slow. also some features aren't available. i sometimes just use the web app through the browser to access those features.
"problems. this app will not let me save an invoice, it always says ""this number already exists"" no matter which number i add. only started the error on the 301112, please fix."
. simple and worth
. great app. as a small business im able to send my customers invoices and customize them to fit my company needs. i love this app and highly recommend to small business owners that needs to keep track of all of thier company finance. thank you quick book for making my life easy.
lame and useless. don’t waste your time punching in a bunch of data only to have limited access to reports and editing. total bs.
software de gestão. excelente e rápido! me ajuda muito! parabéns! pequenas coisas precisam de ajuste mas que não atrapalham em nada. podem usar!
qb online app. i love it! the app makes it easy for me to check on my business, record transactions, and review reports.
easy to use, innovative and mobile friendly. we have been using qb at australiance.com for almost a year and i would not go back to my previous accounting software. the interface with paypal works well and save heaps of time for our online sales. it s easy to create expenses (e.g. business lunches etc), quotes or invoices on the go with the app + always know your bank account position as it interfaces directly with it.
does what i need. doesn't do s lot, but does exactly what i need in the field.
. great app
. great app & software on the go.
. country like bahrain and kuwait currency has three decimal. is there any option to set currency in three decimal? we submitted so many requests regarding this issue but no response
blair. app is extremely unstable. every time i need to get on it i have to force quit the app and re loggin. i have an iphone x and it runs horrible on here. hoping they fix this asap because i run my entire service company from the app
easy to use, powerful, brilliant. managing everything on the run is important... with quickbooks i can do pretty much everything i need from my mobile saving me valuable time! only thing i would request is an apple watch app.
comprehensive app for a small business. i have excellent experience and is easy to use with all functionality that i required. have tried xero, myob as well but quickbooks stand out for me as far as feature & function and good value for money.
. great app!
. great accounting app. easy to use and robust.
. quick and easy to use. clients have been very receptive to there invoices or estimates. definitely have recommended this to other small business owners.
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
very helpful. wonderful app for on the go needs.
support. very sad that for a pay per month app does not work properly. have emailed support on numerous occasions with no response.
love it!. exactly what our company needed! easy to learn and use. have not encountered a problem yet! love quickbooks!
. i don't know why i didn't get this sooner very easy and i love that i can track my expenses and do my invoicing on the go.
easy to use. makes accountingonthego very easy for our business. also is very easy to understand how to enterprocess all information.
good but............... this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
. great app trying to start a small business this is very helpful thanks
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
fantastic for when you’re on the move. this app has really helped me operate more efficiently from a mobile office. the ability to quickly and easily produce quotes and invoices from my ipad has been extremely useful. the app isn’t as fully featured as its desktop counterpart but it does enough to suit my needs, whilst i’m on the move. i’m running this app on a 10.5 ipad pro and it has been flawless.
. horrible customer service and support. do not use there merchant services
. good app for a start up business and it will grow with your business.
. need user mode in apps
great so far!. i am really glad we went with quickbooks online, as i love this app! being able to pull up any and all financial information as well as build and email estimates and invoices on the go is crucial to our business! thank you intuit!
. nice app keeps my company organized, very easy to use
jason. great app, but the online version needs progressive invoicing, fix that and its 5 star!
love this app and it's capabilities. the only feature i wish it had is to be able to see bills from suppliers.
new update is amazing. incredibly user friendly with additions of dashboards
needs work. it's better than before but still doesn't download recent transactions with the ap. must log in on the computer to keep updated. why is that? needs attention.
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
. works well and saves time, but still a few things that need to be done on the full browser version. would love to see integration with 3rd party mobile payment apps in the future.
great. great app
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
. easy to use & productive... few features of the webpage version are not available on the app such as print or downloading packing slip, can't prepare a purchase order, etc. but overall, the app is helpful. thanks.
. i am unable to open the app passed the sign in page. just continually crashes right after logging in. poor app
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
user friendly. this app is super easy to use
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
excellent software. best products, excellent customer service, can't imagine how i would manage without it. thanks quickbooks!!!
. i can't delete my account! i installed the app, and create profile, but it seems that there is no way you can't delete your account or ask quick book to forget your info, i'm afraid i shared my info.
best ap and program for home business. i trailed several other programs before quickbooks. it allows me to split an expense between personal and business which others wouldn't. the ap is easy to use and love that i can take a photo of the receipt. no more loosing receiptshaving them fade etc.
please support iphone x & faceid. please support full screen resolution on iphone x and faceid
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
. doesn't work in india
worst app ever ! not reliable. been using qb for may years, the last few years have been tough for them. we use our mobile app constantly, but it has many issues. it constantly crashes and some day it just won't open. not acceptable. we have taken to customers service many times, but the problems still persist. i get it growing pains right ? is just too much. we are looking for an alternative software like cero. sad but qb get 1 star .
. app with easy to use features
. doesn't seem to let me login with my google account as i do on the website. not sure how i should login in this case.
great app!!. no issues so far. simple to use.
. problem in sigin to app
quickbooks. i have been using quickbooks for about 3 years. i use the ipad version and the quickbooks online version. it does almost everything i would need it to do. i am really liking this last update.
. good mobile app app has a problem switching from screen to menu. tends to freeze up and close itself
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
gets the job done!. i can make transaction entries on the move. i really enjoy this app.
. highly recommend this app for every company
. absolutely unless on android. it does not show the right invoices overdue only a select few and shows completely different things and different sums of money on iphone compared to android phone, in fact its completely different on all platforms i.e tablet android, ipad, pc windows and iphone.
. superb app for accountibility, better than tally
. it will not show proper reports when there is multiples companies in a login (this problem is only on my android phone)
really useful app.. but it would really be so useful if you could print sales receipts directly or even indirectly export as pdf to print on the go via a bluetooth receipt printer.
. banking information is typically two days old. honestly it's a pointless app without an option to update banking information. i don't understand why this is not possible on androids. i was able to retrieve updated banking information on my iphone. banking data on the android app is up to 2 full days old. this means a trip back to the office for certain financial decisions and renders reports useless. it's a financial system. banking is a fairly important component of a business' finances!
not enough!. this app does not have the functionality that qbo has. therefore, useless. if we can't use the ipads in the store, what use is the app? 1. can't enter an invoice with the details 2. can't enter a vendor bill and do splits. 3. can't put payments in undeposited funds. 4. yep, useless.
. makes life easier for thse of us with mathmatical challenges and poor memories.
cvc. looks very promising... let's see as i used it. nice and brilliant user interface so far.
great support. we use the app almost exclusively to keep our business mobile. recently had an issue and contacted customer chat to get it resolved. they had me screen record it happening and said they would push to engineering for fix. honestly didn’t expect anything fast but they fixed the issue and included it in the new patch. it’s been about a week or less so a big thank you the support teams for getting it fixed and getting us back to normal.
superb app. works everytime for me, allows me to update invoices, expenses and record payments.
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
. slow load times but good overall
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wasted almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
"rubbish. ""run your entire business""  what a joke. this app is pretty useless to do anything. quickbooks is already hard to use and this just doesn't help."
. decent app
love this app!. i absolutely love this app. it allows me to run my business efficiently and effectively!
very helpful. i am learning and enjoying the app.
disappointed. i just switched from my trusty iphone to an android phone, this app on my iphone was perfect! it had a list of products and services, unlike the android version. it also loaded all the estimates and invoices for all my customers, this android version hardly has any of my past transactions! please make this like the ios app!
new update horrible. it's always been glitch but since the new update i can't add products to the estimate and customer service is clue less in how to resolve the issue.
. this app is useless and doesn't work properly on a phone
all that you need at the same app. great app, easy to navigate
how come i cant make pos on the app?. this should have this ability builtin.
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
worth it. great to organize business. love the online support when getting started!
. this app is horrible. why make something so bad? it needs a complete overhaul. i can't email receipts to an inbox, income transactions don't show gst amount like expenses, i can't view pdf receipts. it's just all round ugly and cumbersome and i've only used it for five minutes. i thought the xero app was bad but it's 5 stars compared to this trash. deleted.
very useful app. very useful app, works like a charm
great app!. an awesome compliment to the web version. addition of balance sheet would be beneficial. cheers!
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
excellent online software. i love this system made my job a lot easier my phone is my office
updated review. try going to help & feedback and click refresh data. this may solve the receipts not savingsyncing on mobile issue and for touch id and pin sign on, go to settings and switch to on. not sure if the setting stays on once you actually shut down the app.
did you not test the latest update?. crashes on startup... please fix asap. i use this daily. this used to work great.
. still learning the ins and outs of the app, but so far i love
one thing. i give it four stars cause i cant figure out how to keep it completely updated and current, i have qb on my computer and i have information on there that does not show up on the app, but overall its perfect.
. app is crashing on login. i cannot access my business now.
quickbooks on the go!!!!. i love the program and app. i find that it's easier through the app since i can just take the photo right from my phone. i recommend this for anyone!!!!
awesome app. it's very user friendly and informative. i really like how easy it is to assign an expense category and the convenient display of the profit  loss feature.
simply, beautifully... brilliant. i've no need to log in via the laptop until the end of the month... the fact that i can capture, create but also review my expenses, my p&l and notes is simply brilliant.
. simple and easy to use app. makes life easier for small business owners.
dissapointed. this is the frontline of my business as i am a mobil service technician. app no longer will save or complete an invoice. this is crippling my business! fixxxxxx please immediately!
. love this app. makes tax time so much easier. couldn't be much happier.
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
excellent piece of kit. i've held back from making a review as the requests for a review before really using an app seems pointless. i have now used quickbooks for around five months and to be honest i now could not imagine working without it. it is easy to use, clear and without doubt a high quality product. first class and highly recommended.
unbelievable and easy to use. saved me hours rectifying between bank and invoices. amazing phone service
. crashes each time it opens.
brockton driving school. great app, keeps my business manageable on the go.
. great app. no problems
life saver. i would not know what to do without this app! yeah i would have to fight through receipts every month to balance month end report. with the app i just input the info when i make the purchase and it makes it so much easier. recommend the app 110%.
". quickbooks is okay but the app is bad. won't ever let me log in the screen just hangs on ""hang on, we are getting your quickbooks data"" and then says that it can't connect..."
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. loving quickbooks! so easy doing invoices and tracking payments etc. would recommend this to any business owner.
functional. easy. efficient. beautiful.. what more can i say? i am an independent film producer that is often out of the office. i prefer this app to the web version on my laptop. wow! this app alone makes the purchase of my iphone 7plus worth every dime.
. no major issues with the app. handy when scanning receipts.
. won't let me sign in from phone (s10). app is useless unless used from computer
. i've been using quickbooks for about 15 years. i recently switched from the desktop version of the software to online, and that's ok. this, on the other hand, feels clunky and difficult to manage. i still use it because we're so entrenched in the quickbooks family, but based on this mobile app, i'd definitely look for alternatives of i as starting now.
easy to use and great features. i moved to quickbooks after trying xero, and find it at least as good for my needs and much better value. good foreign currency support, which is important for me.
how do i remove this app from my iphone?. i do not want to use thus app and now i cannot uninstall it from my iphone. l try by holding the icon and get a message asking if i want to share it. does not show in my settings so i cannot delete it there either. can't find online help.
. bomb app andvery, very helpful, and useful!!! =)
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
. fantastic app to keep track of all my construction expenses, so much simpler being able to log expenses straight from phone.
owner. great app
blair. app is extremely unstable. every time i need to get on it i have to force quit the app and re loggin. i have an iphone x and it runs horrible on here. hoping they fix this asap because i run my entire service company from the app
amazing app, but few things need to be improved.. very good app, but needs few things like the web version. if thats added then its the best app for start up businesses.
easy plain and simple. simple to use but a bit plain on the app web version is great well done this enables business owners who are not accountants to watch and manage there business with ease i now only pay a accountant to check over at the end instead of paying them £250+ per month !
user friendly but i will have to start from scratch. there is no way i can pull my two years history from my online account. the customers and vendors are not available either. not useful without importing all that data.
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
. switch to xero even though its more expensive. better off wasting money on a useless app. cant even save a transaction. lousy support and engineering team to not resolve such a essential feauture after 1 month. subscribe at your own risk.
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
its great. good program. needs more functionality
great app. overall its a great app. you can do many things from the app that you can do on the desktop version. i would like to be able to enter the worked hours on the app and also to be able register vendor invoices not only expenses.
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
really good app. ok, at first i was reluctant to use it, but after trying it i found it really easy and simple. don't wait, use it.
good but could be better. overall quickbooks online is a reliable usable and productive app. it continues to lack obvious things like an ap screen on the landing page and better shortcuts to accounts. but it does the job well.
quickbooks. quickbooks on my cell phone keeps me in touch with our office 247. once data is entered by our staff it is immediately updated to my cell phone as well as other devices. for the times our staff had a question regarding entries, the help line for quickbooks was always answered by a person who took a personal interest in our problems and they always found a solution. dorothy apartment rentals
. great app for small business. easy to use and saves me a ton of time doing my accounting. accounts payable and receivable couldn't be easier. i really like the free bank transfer option i can provide my customers in their invoices. taxes are quicker and easier thanever everything is in one place and no more collecting receipts. i highly recommend quickbooks to anyone running a small business.
cannot log into app. cannot log in.
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
great app. i love this app!!!
. great job on iphone app but android need some work done.
great app. great integration. very easy
starting with errors. i am just starting my beekeeping business and trying to track expenses. quick books somehow has me making a $164 sale. i can't erase it because it doesn't exist. would love it but can't reconcile the books if random numbers are calculated out of thin air!
. it's real basic. if you want to keep track of your balances, create estimates and receive payments, then it's fine.
sweet baby jesus this is exactly what i need. it has never been so easy to stay so financially organized. as someone who os chronically disorganized this app is a blessing. definitely worth the price when you need to record your expenses and write receipts, invoices and all sorts of other business related things to be professional.
not very useful. i find this app useless for what i need on the go. i want the balance in my checking account so i know how much money i have. i would like to create and edit a sales receipt and can't do that. i never use this but wish i could.
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipadiphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
. very easy to maintain my account
doesn't send invoices. my customers stopped receiving invoices from me via email. i have to send it to myself and forward to them. customer service is a joke: they think their clients are stupid, their advices are just ridiculous: are you sure you put the email in the right section? really? i had been sending invoices via email before and they all received them.
disappointed. i’ve been using the phone app for a year now. when the app works it is fine however it constantly freezes and my only option is to restart my phone. i have deleted and downloaded the app several times but it has not fixed the issues.
just works. great app! no complaints, but my business isn't very big. looking forward to quickbooks scaling up with me!
. love it very helpful and easy to use looks very professional for estimates and invoices
bad.. very bad. it just plain don't work and when i called tech support they said it is working fine it must be my phone well i have tried it on another phone and still get the same thing.... for what i paid for this service it should work.. maybe i should just go back to the old version and not pay the monthly fee!!!!
great for billing while traveling. this app is very hearty. i was worried how it would work from the ipad but it was so easy. let's me bill while i'm on the road so that i can keep my cash flow in order. great job, inuit!
. i liked it.. i just logged into my bank account from this app and all myvanking info was there like my investments, chequeing and savings accounts all in 1 place... it's more for business people and you have 2 pay monthly fees
so far so good.. love the app. i think it's great any time i can give an estimate, invoice on the road. thanks.
. love this app, keeps track of all my expenses and payments from clients. easiest way to do estimates and invoices as well.
. great app.
. it's convenient when on the go. love how i can invoice and récord payments when away from office. keeps me on track. easy to work with.
waste of time. crashes at least 50% of the time i try to enter an expense while on the go
great accounting app. i've been using the quickbooks app for a over a year now and i love how it allows me to stay on top of my business accounting. i love that the app allows me to take a snapshot of my receipts and link them to their corresponding expense transactions within quickbooks.
welshman. love it. simple for me to send estimates & invoices from the field.
can invoice from anywhere. i can start invoices at the gym and finish them at the office ! no longer putting things off and forgetting about them we love it!
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
very unintuitive. is hard to tell which expenses are finalized which ones aren't. it's just not a very friendly interface.
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
. i love the app for onsite estimating and invoicing where ever. a few issues is not fully customizing forms and progress invoicing.
it's broke :(. wonderful app, latest update has caused many issues, including signing in with fingerprint or app code. have to do a full sign in each time with email and loooooong password. hope they can fix soon! 😩😖😤
great update. now i can record my expenses.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
latest update rocks. now you get your bank feeds in the app, so you can easily process your incoming payments and expenses. the only thing missing is the ability to attach a file during that process. hope it's something that will be included in a future update.
. it's not perfect yet, but does what i need invoices and sales receipts in the field that i can print with my mobile printer. the recording part isn't as good as my desktop version but i know with time it will be improved.
easy to learn and use. everywhere access, integrated bank and credit card transactions. easy to create transactions on the road.
chief operating officer. phenomenal software.
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
great software. with each update this app gets better and better, great integration with turbo tax small business
doesn't sync open bills or invoices. it doesn't show any of my current or closed bills that have been entered for vendors.
. similar issues as gillian, dashboard blank, constant error messages on mobile. i also ended up accidentally reinstalling a slightly different version and was paying double!! i didn't realize there were two very similar apps!! i also uninstalled reinstalled and it didn't fix issue. i am currently trying to figure out how to recover all the expenses and photo's of receipts for the tax season.
. great app...has issues every now and again but easily fixed with tech support!
. great app for accounting
. it is a great app but there are some days like today when i cannot open the app on my phone and keep saying i should restart it. i really needed to send some invoices today but i couldn't.
terrible. terrible. the support can't even figure it out.
great but they got you. great for the most part but they have you and they know it. every. single . year you can count on a hefty price increase. it never stays the same or goes down just always a nice increase. and they make it hard to leave as the export is virtually useless. i'm stuck with them.
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
buggy. since updating to the latest version i can’t view invoices from the home screen or even update and send invoices from the invoices screen. hire some competent engineers.
stay well away!. worst software i have used to date. zero customer service. ignores all complaints. takes forever to load. constant problems. not user friendly.
poor design. very hard to navigate and understand. customer service only works bankers hours and not when you need them.
. awesome updates and easy to use
. deleting your account is a nightmare!!
good, but want more. ability to clear bank accounts and update feeds would be great, like the xero app
. worst app don't share your documents any where
app. great
makes books much easier to keep updated. this is a powerful combination of mobile, camera, and bookkeeping. much easier than relying on the desktop.
richard. great app, great product.
. how do you create a new user. i have followed the instructions but can't create one, as their is no create button. i've tried on the phone app and i have tried on the laptop still now joy.
awesome!. i have always enjoyed using quickbooks. over the years i have moved from quickbooks to quickbookspro to quickbooks enterprise and now quickbooks online. this online system is awesome. if integrates well with other systems i use, it’s easy to navigate (once you take the free courses), customer service is excellent when i have issues  and it will move straight into my turbotax corporate filings. love, love, love it!
. i haven't been able to use this app for a really long time, all the sudden it doesn't save my login details anymore, hard to login, once i logged in and try to go next step, it logged me out and says tempary not available. super annoying!!
glitchy. only problem is if you’re doing a live estimate or invoice, if your screen goes idle this app makes you log in again and you lose all the information you’ve typed in. super annoying especially when you’re measuring out a house or doing a walk through with a client and entering information as you go.
. quickbooks app is the easiest invoicing app i have ever used.
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
better than sage. with a properly functioning mobile app, square integration & receiptexpense management, 10 times easier to use than sage(simply accounting)
excellent for businesses in the go!. quickbooks is easy to use and the app allows me to create transactions, view balances and customer information wherever i am. i also love that i can take a photo of a receipt and categorize it on the go.
makes business easy!. this app is perfect for the small business owner like me.
cool app. very convenient, i'm yet to use it to its fullest, but i love the way it alerts me to payments i need to make or should have received. very happy.
great product. we are a small operation just starting out and quickbook has been perfect for us. does what's on the box and a whole lot more! the connectivity with the bank is terrific.
great app for on the go guys. great for the road warriors who are in the field working and don't have time to do office work
glitchy. freezes regularly, can't send invoices quite often.
. game changer. invoicing and tracking expenses just got so easy. it's amazing, and i am only sad i didn't know about it sooner!
amazing. amazing app
excellent app. this is excellent app, save me lots of time and got ridd of lots of papers.
not for indian. please do remember this app is not useful for indian currency so don't waste your data.
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2017 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays last years (2016) scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. just another step to my day to day book keeping tasks...
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
"buggy, rough, glitchy. frequently disconnectswon't sync to my companies data. frequently ""has trouble emailing this form"" when i try to send clients invoices. frequently is unable to save invoices. using 4g lte network and wifi with same results. says i'm offline when connected to wifi and network. only way to solve problems is seemingly to uninstall and reinstall app. update: now app frequently won't create pdf's that i can then print out. absolutely horrible for mobile business convenience."
. the app works but doesn't seem to pull data quickly even over wifi or 4g
. it keeps logging out of my bank, and also deleted a lot of what i logged from last year.. now i dont have the correct information that i need... not very happy with this quickbooks app...
great app!. at first, i thought that this app was pretty clunky and i didn't enjoy using it. in the last couple of years or so, it has gotten considerably better. i really like using it now.
great app!. very useful, but i think it still needs some work. very limited, need to offer more functions.
. takes way to long to update between quick books online.
great for mobile services. i'm a computer technician and i use this to send a invoice or estimate for clients. quickbooks has a brand name which is good when you email your clients a invoice, it looks very professional. the best thing about this app is the cloud base syncing of your invoice, clients, income and expenses. it's worth the money if you want good quality invoices for your clients.
. they have stop me for using the software and didn't tell me why.
simple but robust.. with a great user interface connecting with the larger data and programme, i’m impressed by the elegant and obviously intentional design. when i look at my phone, i’m looking at exactly the kind of information that i would need on the go. very good design work by these guys.
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
does what i need it to. it works, and has made me more efficient.
just so good!. i've used quickbooks desktop version for years, and each revision it got better. now i'm on quickbooks online, it just superb! love it!
ok but frustrating. doesn't do as much as online version. lots of error messages when downloading bank data. poor customer service, not responsive when errors flagged.
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
. i've used qb for 8 years. this app is the better and more seamless than the pc version. love the capability to invoice customers on the job, record payments and send a receipt in seconds.
does not work on 3g. i am unable to use quickbooks over a cellular connection. this has been the case since ios 9. sometimes after certain qb updates it works, then others it won't. i will be making notes of the versions when this issue occurs.
. awesome app
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
pretty basic and useless. can't do a lot of things. when i'm on the road and away from my laptop i really need to be able to do more stuff. can't customize any reports at all other than by date. can't run reports by location , can't make many edits , can't easily access the data i need. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account.
fantastic. amazingly simple to use and syncs with all of the apps us use for my business (nab, square, stripe and wix)
love it. this makes running my bookkeeping busy very simple!
. all new version is awesome this app is awesome! when intuit separated the quickbooks mobile app from this quickbooks online app they fixed a bunch of bugs and added a ton of features. if you have a quickbooks online subscription you need this app!
. it runs my entire backoffice. very happy.
. very user friendly app.
the option yo use qbo doea not work for ages. the option to use google maps for location misdirects you to install google maps even if it is already installed. this issue had been there since ages and they don't fix it. that's why rated bad. google maps is a must for me. apple maps suck but the app leaves you helpless with apple maps.
awesome app!. started my business with the start of this app since i'm a mobile mechanic and it's awesome to do quotes and invoices on the fly makes it easier to keep customers
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
the android app is so diffrent than the ios app.. ios app has the functionality to select multiple items too an estimateorder with the multi select feature. this is missing in android. also before the update, the send comand asked the way we wanted to send the invoice and we can select email, fax application. but with the update it only send with the quickbooks email. cant send by fax anymore. please provide the share option on invoice and estimates atleast.
great functionality!. i have been a qb desktop user for many years. the new online version is really simple. i am still working to find the pieces i know in the desktop version, but all the basics are there. found some good you tube videos to help me learn. love the connection to my banking.
interstate_g. i’m a young entrepreneur. no degrees and some college classes in my background. when i say that this app is easy and straightforward forward, helps me run my business, and does most of the work. easy is an understatement. if accounting is your barrier in your buisness look no harder cause qb is the answer.
. excellent app
. use this app in desperate situations. features are limited. i cannot record deposits via this app.
. thanks i love this app i'm able to carry my work with me everywhere thanks qb
यह ऑफलाइन में काम नहीं करेगा क्या? सॉफ्टवेर ऐसा बनाओ जो ऑफ़ लाइन में भी काम करे. not working in off line yeh off line me kam nahin kar raha hain
. was working ok then app was updated,. help centre can't give time to fix or troubleshoot to be able to use this whilst out on jobsites not happy at all costing money
my review. when i put in my login details it says 'error' and that's just about it. it won't let me on
won't let us start a new tax rate. the best app will not allow us to start collecting taxes. every time we initiate the tax rate and try to save it it simply says it cant perform that function please go to settings and let us know. it's ridiculous that a book keeping app as large as qb's is that such remedial tasks are often frustrating.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
fantastic app for a superb product!!. i've been using quickbooks since i began my private voice and piano studio. i am able to easily track invoices and payments and send reminders to my students and their parents. the app has helped me save time when adding payments so i can focus my time on my students. i also love how i can send receipts and reminder invoices even when i am on the run! definitely a 5 star product & app!
. i wrote you before, i have uninstalled app.. i have a android.. app wont open says.. experiencing techinical difficulties temporarily unavailable..
fix the bugs. this program has many bugs and has connectivity issues. the level of problems with the software is extensive. when the program works correctly it works nicely, but the downtime and glitches greatly degrade the value of this software. i would look for an alternative accounting software package. i do not know anyone who has used this software that would give it a five star rating. in other words, i am very skeptical of the rating shown.
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
slow to load and outdated info. the mobile app is pretty much useless, continues to give outdated balances, the only report available is a basic p&l. i need to see a running balance, not just the bottom line which is usually wrong but no way to check! i see many updates but no improvements, only rate increases!
. very useful app
closing. can’t use this app without it crapping out on me. i need this to be reliable for my business and it’s not. unfortunate really. jeff
just what i needed. i run a small contractor business doing remodel work. the mobile app has been a godsend. i can track all my estimates, invoices & expenses in one place. helps me track clients that are late payers too (which sometimes happens). i like it. 100% worth the subscription
. overall is a very good app. the only issue that i have right now is that i can't print wallet checks on the online version.
. great app for small business owners that are always on the go..
. quick books is a wonderful and helpful program. when i have questions i am assisted by technical support team.
. fantastic app
. this app no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
. the creator of this app is a known sex offender
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
great for dummies. wife told me i had to get more organized with my billing. i went down kicking and screaming but she was right!! program works great on my phone and ipad. super easy to use.
finally!!!. finally, quickbooks has catered for the truly 'on the go'...and the app is really good too! well done intuit! just need to make this drive down the cost now and then we would really be goo :)
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
. why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
. quick books is best app for my growing business.
. i cancelled my subscription over a year ago only to find out they has still been charging my account every month!
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
. very slow. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. quite disappointed with it.
easy and quick. love being able to enter transactions on the go via mobile, and then run reports and do analysis on the laptop back home
owner. great app. keeps me up to date.
loving it. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
fantastic software. a superb help to my business invoicing and payments are so easy to sendview and accept. easy to use and never had a problem.
really great :). really great software package. requires some dedicated learning for someone with no accounting  bookkeeping background  but functionality and power of the software are fantastic. very happy with quickbooks. thanks :)
. there are a few features that arent available on the app (only computer) but other than that it works great and is easy to navigate.
experience getting worse. entering transaction requires way too many taps. it isn’t location aware to suggest transactions you just always search. recent updates have some bug that makes the app download the data file with almost every login and login often you must. usually twice a week it loses my password. i have enjoyed quickbooks online but this app experience may have me evaluating competitors in december.
sales manager. love this app very easy to use has all i need to conduct business on a dayli basis
majestique. excellent app. does everything it says. company financial is tracked better onthego.
. sucks keeps saying i have update available but then everytime i try to download the upgrade i get error code 927 saying unable to complete download. with current app it doesn't allow me to look up past invoices. the things i use most are not on mobile app. all i do with it is print current invoices with my wireless eprinter and find customer contact numbers to call them. needs upgrading with more features.
good app. not 100% good.
. changed my work style this app changed my work style. now i can handle my accounts from any where in world. love this
awesome. this app is so good i'm so glad i have it i would be lost with out it
. every invoice i have done since the beginning of 2017 says 90 plus days past due
figuring qb. been using this version ( the only one i ever used) for over 2 years. it seem to get better and continue improving. i still feel frustrated at times about a certain feature but whenever i need support it's available.
wow!. really cool app! it's linked on all my device! i can make invoices on my phone and send it to my clients directly from email! cool stuff!
getting there.... the lack of ability to create bank deposits is vexing. also, would be nice to work with downloaded transactions. works with mint, why not qbo app?
. naughty. doesn't tell you untill you've down loaded and set up it's only a free trial. now looking through it i can't find anywhere to delete to make sure i'm not charged.
on the go. the app is excellent for anyone on the go.
. very easy to use and really great accounting app
. disappointed!!!! what i need is the ability to download and accept new banking transactions, while on the go. having that ability would allow me to spend only a few minutes everyday updating my books, versus having to sit down at a computer to do this. please add this functionality to the android version of qbo. i can do it on the mint app, but not qbo for android : (
. i have been a happy customer u till this new update every time i try to logon it keeps saying the internet seems to be offline... now i can not update my sales n payments
worst update yet. just deleted. crashed. didn’t update banking. five star to one in a flash.
quick book user. amazing app ever
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
waste of valuable time.. all i wanted was a simple app to send 1 (one) out of state customer an invoice at the end of the month. my other 2 (two) customers don't really need one. took an hour to set it up and a couple more to figure out i was declined. just wanted something simple.
horrible photo receipt capture function. the recent update apparently changed the algorithm for identifying receipt paper boundary in a photo that makes no sense at all. two out of three times it only capture a useless fragment of the whole receipt which the makes entering receipts a horrible and utterly frustrating experience.
. less useful than dealer version. convenient but sufficiently different from qb pro to require retraining staff. many favorite reports and easy navigation missing from qbo. constant strongarm marketing to upgrade or add features removed from qb pro (ie. payroll). very handy to permit off site accountant to review at their leisure
terrible. so many problems i don’t even know where to start. i transferred my desktop version to online with the last year and half reconciled. i know have to go back and reconcile again. also  it keeps crashing. there are good things about it but overall not so happy with the software.
. desktop site works great, mobile site is trash and i can't even log into my account through app. says i don't have an account? okkkkk. tried reinstalling but no dice. i'll stick with the desktop site thanks
. the app keeps me up to date because i can work anywhere with my phone
features bugged and gets worse every time they update it. transactions page on ios 13 doesn’t respond atall, you can categorise and transactions or match payments. stop updating the app when you haven’t tested it thoroughly... it’s getting to the point i’m going to start looking elsewhere.
brilliant. i love the qb app. can invoice on the job. wish i'd used it sooner.
great app. great app for busy people! this is really useful for trades people and consultants. highly recommend, super easy to use
. for the entrepreneur on the go, this app is fantastic. i post my expenses with photos of receipts and create invoices from the car! terrific.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
. made my life easier....
great services. as a small business owner this software offers me everything i need.
great app easy to use. this new version does almost everything online with my smart phone. i can match transactions, add expenses, do almost everything i need to do while on the road. thank you intuit!
". i laughed at one of the quickbooks employees response to the app being slow... they said their goal is to make it as convenient as the qbo app... lol lol bad comparison. online version is tragically slow, short of (what should be) obvious capabilities, even some quickbooks older versions have had for years. and, when challenged, their tech support essentially says ""we are quickbooks if you don't do it our way or using our workaround then you must be doing it wrong"""
. no problems. real time bookkeeping
pay attention to billing ~ unethical business practices. intuit upgrades subscription and charges more than advertised price when you are not looking. horrible customer service  unable to reach by phone to resolve their seemingly intentional billing errors. they practice unethical business behavior, but switching costs are very high once accounts are set up.
. this app hacked my phone and when i uninstalled it it reinstalled itself and destroyed my phone, do not install this app
great small business tool. great for sending invoices, tracking due invoices, and emailing with document or pic attachments. cut out a good deal of my paperwork.
another year and totally happy!. everything i need to invoice and stay on top of calls is on my phone. update a year later still going strong. no issues or problems so far.
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
please stop making my sign in. every other fingerprint authentication app on my phone (banking, password manager, file managers) does not nag me to log in via password every other day. why does this app do so? please fix.
useless app. used to a quickbooks user a couple of years ago, and it was ok then, but now i have recently returned and find it rubbish. a simple thing like adding a company address is turning out to be an impossible task. total waste of my time. it you are a small business using the app via iphone or ipad forget it. stay away
does what it needs to do. a little clunky, but then again, i'm expecting a lot from it.
useless for sure. qbo is useless. can’t login with google account. forces me to create a newseparate password. can’t really access qbo via a browser on ipad. overall terrible experience. i’m sure it’s equally apple and qbo fault.
great small business tool. very easy to navigate and enter information. i can enter data on my home computer and then access it with my phone when i'm not in the office. great app
. business on the go this is an excellent app
. omg invoices still not updating. i have recorded payments and online show paid. this app shows them past due since august. app sucks
awesome app. it's a womderful app, so versatile and functional
. great app for tracking expenses and payments
. the app is currently not working as i cannot login for the last few days. i can login to their website so it's just the app. i have sent the error log a few times and still no fix. i have deleted the app and redownloaded still no luck.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
. works amazing when having to do my invoices on the fly and can't get to the office. also to check my estimates
great software to work on the go. i just love how easy it is to use the software to keep on top of our receivables and payments. very easy to share data amongst our team to become more efficient. much better than using the desktop version
very nice. pretty good mobile app
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go but would love to have the actual versus budget comparison on the dashboard instead of having to bring up a report.
crashes. app crashes every time i'm using a lg g5 emailed support for help 3 weeks ago no response.sent response never heard back.
crashes on ios13. crashes on login as others have noted. unusable now.
. trola app
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
easy for newbie. started out with the desktop version of qb and migrated to the qbo platform. so much better for me and easy to use now. i can send a quote from my phone and then invoice once the job is complete which for a lazy guy like me keeps me on tasks done billing times quicker. highly recommended
quickbooks made simple. though i'm still not totally familiar with qb in general the app definitely makes it much easier and convenient to use and track accounts activity etc.
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
best app ever. just wanted to thank the development team for helping me to manage my business easier with this app.
categorize expense. useful. would be better if it can scan the photo and also categorize expenses.
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
hope this can be added. would love to be able to put payments to employees on the mobile app which we do often
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
bad update. last update renders the app useless
. best value accounting app hands down
best app!. best app better then squared
convenient. best app ever for business
. for the entrepreneur on the go, this app is fantastic. i post my expenses with photos of receipts and create invoices from the car! terrific.
not bad. categorising expenses has been incredibly time consuming to say the least. once you have your data in order you can start to make some decent reports but just getting over that initial hump is frustrating. shortening loadsave times along with better tabular data editing tools would make a big difference.
quickbooks accountant. client writeup software
. not as useful as the web version but great way to capture receipts
user friendly. very happy so far....
not working!!!!!. i've had this program for a year and it's not working today!!! i can't accept edit or accept credit card payments.... argh!!
login error. upgraded to an s7 and cannot login. i need the mobile app for my business!
. error message when i try to log in on my tablet. customer service offers little assistance after a long time on hold. this experience makes accounting for my small business even more unbearable. (update 11418): i dropped the review down to one star (from 2) because the error message is yet to be resolved on my tablet, three months later, and qb has increased the cost of their simple start plan by 30%. lame.
great app. the best invoice maker i ever had! great services
love it!. quite user friendly. i love it. if i had formal training i think i'd be a pro with it!
. for a mobile business this app works great
worth it!. i got the 10$month plan and it is totally worth it! you can connect your bank and organize all your expenses. view reports and detailed graphs! even plan future investments! it’s handy on ios mobile (iphone 8). and imac.
crash. won't open since last fix. please fix again.
. this app requires a password even though i chose google login. if i need a password anyway, what's the point of a google login?! quickbooks online doesn't require it. disappointed and uninstalling. i have enough accounts as it is.
demoted from 5 stars to 4. using the app on ipad and iphone for more than 5 years. dashboard has been unable to properly show invoice status for at least 3 months now. version 17.9, at least 3 updates ago? no fix yet nor response from intuit after feedback. while i’m not fond of frequent updates, one expects to have these kinds of obvious bugs fixed in the next update.
very beneficial app. this is a very beneficial app. it does not replace the pc version but is an excellent aid. it's helpful to send invoices on the go or at the end of a service call. the sooner the customer pays the more chance you will get paid. as long as you keep things simple it is a very good aid!
. just wish you could attach receipts before accepting a bank transaction.
down graded. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the phone app is all but useless.
. this app takes forever to do anything. it literally takes a minute just to open after i tap the app icon. completely useless. information is not reflected correctly during use. just use a web browser instead.
great app. really happy and love quickbooks
no problems. just a decent easy tool for your business which will save on time and money. can’t complain!!
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
this works for me.... i have a hard time keeping up with my invoices but this makes it simple for me to keep track on the move or like right now laying in my bed creating invoices and estimates. this is great.
please fix this asap!!!!. this update is horrible and does not work properly at all! data doesn't refresh and i keep getting error messages. the only (very temporary) fix is to delete the app and redownload it  daily! lame! this must be addressed immediately.
poor functionality. constant crashes inability to complete selected tasks poor functionality this app try’s hard but doesn’t quiet make it with its functions. it didn’t at all shot me but that’s what the 3 day free trial is for. i wasn’t going to rate this app but after they charged me $10.50 for a 1 month subscription after i cancelled and deleted the app; i will rate it
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
does not update. i post payments and the sustem still shows full amount due. also will not log in from phone after dozen attempts and entering codes from qb
excellent. wonderful app to use. very handy when working out in the field. easy to get on the phone with a live person for any and all questions.
keshav. it is a beautiful software. very flexible and user friendly. it made my work so simple. thanks to quick books!
glitchy and they keep raising prices. constantly crashing, both the ios app and the mac version. and they just raised the price to $60month. not worth it.
room for improvement. it’s a good app, with some good features, perfect for using on your phone. it would be nice, however, if the ipad version was more like the web version with more of the features available there. it’s frustrating having to switch between the two versions.
. is it possible to link this app with my desktop quickbooks software?
. very usefull app
. awesome app, does everything i need to operate a small business.
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
love it!. i love quickbooks online and i love this app!
jason. great app, but the online version needs progressive invoicing, fix that and its 5 star!
simplicity and ease. i am new to quickbooks online but absolutely love how simple the app is. it creates time and space in my personal life.
. as someone who is constantly on the go, i have minimal access to a desktop computer. this app makes it easy to invoice and record payments right from my phone whether i can make it to the office or not
no customer service. i like the application and the features which can be improved of course, but i can't give them more then two star. is more than one week and no technical support. i can't buy this application without support.
ouch. does not have my bank listed. does me no good. been paying for 1 year now. and i see no where how to stop subscribing. cost me over $10.00 a month.
. great program
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved. please note i have tried multiple phones and it is near impossible on mobile browser. trying to keep keyboard up is a nightmare.
good but not free. 30 day free trial 😣
. and using quickbooks desktop for 15 plus years. the online version makes a lot of activities more convenient. overall good experience
. there are too many things that it can't do so i end up back at my desktop. uninstalled.
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
. great app. let's me work from anywhere!
terriblw. the sync between the data entered on the desktop and data entered in the mobile app is terrible.. half of the time it doesn't work
. great app... i like that i can do everything i need to do, and it updates on my other devices too. i would like the option to print invoices from the app that would be a great update.
. so far it does exactly what i need. just starting out so i'm sure there's plenty to learn yet
. ugly icon change it back to blue. the green doesn't go with the rest of the user interface. :
. excellent software
. it makes creating estimates simpler. i used to fumble my way thru, now it's simple and fun!
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
works a treat..... nice additional to the main on line version... all good on s6 edge, no problems.
i looking. hai friends my name is navas abdulla i'm looking some software live sales report ..in store sales promotions company ..any one can to suggest any live sales, report software for sales promoters www.qmpromotions.com it's my website qmpromotions@gmail.com
. over all great app. there are some things i would like to see different, but it serves its purpose.
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
. easy to use to add expenses
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
can't live without it. i don't know how i did business before this app. i love that i can access my company books anywhere. i love the way i can take a photo of the receipts for my expenses. thank you qb!
excellent!!. i find the app useful when i need it most. i enjoy the ability to add an expense at any time. sales receipts are handy. basically everything i really need without requiring a ton of space on my phone.
good app. app does what it says it will do!
it’s great. although this program works incredibly well and i’m happy to of used it for the past two years… i would love to do an annual subscription, pay my payment once a year and carryon.
best app for small business. excellent
. i love this app. it allows me to promptly create an invoice on the spot which allows me to close the deal quickly. every small business should use this app!!
ceo. this is a really good app it has help our business in so many ways. it help boost our profit margin we have been able to close deals, and make invoices right on the spot. i recommend this for a lot of different business with quickbooks online.
. best app for business.
crashes. the app just crashes as soon as it starts to load. don't waste your time downloading it.
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
invaluable asset for this one man show. love having the ability to run my business from my phone. bill clients, collect payments and capture expenses all while balancing the banking records and viewing company reporting (basic p&l etc) on the go is amazing! keep it up
indispensable tool. all business owners should have a mobile app that makes finances easier to manage. this is one of them. thank you intuit!
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
great. great app really comes in handy when i'm away from my office.
great. good app. does what i need it to do.
. cannot cancel subscription been trying for over 2 hours i will have to go to bank and change all of my account numbers because of this plus redo all of my direct deposits and all of my auto pay bills ..do not fall for this app
. does what it is supposed to do!
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
. app won't upload my bank transactions. how do i add revenue?
lacking. app is seriously lacking in functionality. don’t buy quickbooks online unless you plan to do most of your work from a desktop. kind of defeats the purpose. way overpriced and they keep raising the price too :( wish i had stuck with the quickbooks pro platform.
easy to use. great on the go
works good for me. i use quick books to invoice, put in costs, and see roughly how the company is doing financially. easy to use. i read all reviews but some are not liking it while others do. depends on what your using it for. simple and easy that's what i like.
fácil de usar. muy buena herramienta para administrar mi negocio👍🏼
easy to use. easy access to all key features and very responsive app
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
awesome accounting app. it's user friendly. moreover, tutorial videos are available if have any difficulty.
great app. good app. better if it had tracking of vehicle km like the self employed version
great app. need this so bad
. doesn't appear to allow access to my projects. otherwise it seems to work well.
excellent app.. simple to use and very affordable.
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
. very helpful love this app for all my business needs
crashes. crashes immediately after i open the application. update was recently done and now i can't use it.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
solid app. it works well. highly recommended to business owners.
don't make me log in repeatedly. it's an app.. ux execution for this company is repeatedly abysmal. i have an account. i download the app. i activate thumbprint authentication. and they repeated log me out and have me sign in again as though i'm a new user to a web site. this kind of crap ux plagues this app in the most annoying spots.
tons of bugs and glitches. there are lots of glitches and lack of features in this app. the vendor transaction history is spotty, many vendors and missing history all together. profit and loss report doesn’t scroll. can’t see the true checkbook register of checks that are written out but haven’t yet cleared. it’s really not very good.
. having the app makes quickbooks that much easier. now i can write invoices on my phone no matter where i am at. time saver!
it's really useful. it's really useful
. switch to xero even though its more expensive. better off wasting money on a useless app. cant even save a transaction. lousy support and engineering team to not resolve such a essential feauture after 1 month. subscribe at your own risk.
great for my small business. this works great for my small business. it's easy to enter invoices and set up customer accounts on the go. my only down fall is that when you email a customer an invoice. it does not give the pay now option like when you email from the computer version of quickbooks simple start online. it just gives a pdf copy of the invoice.
. stop asking for feedback every 5mins when i try to get stuff done. what the hell is wrong with you people designing this feedback bullshit system?
. great app to use along side quickbooks online. i like being able to send estimates and invoices on my mobile device with the quickbooks app!
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
. this app has been great for be and my small business it helps me to be able to stay on track of my invoices in and out at the touch of my screen.
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
great app. easy to setup and use.
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
. downloaded app twice when i tried to login error message continually read i didn't have a quickbooks subscription. was never allowed to access app features.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
crashes on ios 13. worked well on ios 12.1. now crashes as soon as logged in to quickbooks account.
pro advisor. the training videos and exam are not opening on my ipad. apparently doesn’t work with safari. i have tried everything possible in my settings.
stay well away!. worst software i have used to date. zero customer service. ignores all complaints. takes forever to load. constant problems. not user friendly.
great app!. i love the flexibility of having my company info at all times.
makes my life a lot easier.. i wouldn't reccomend to rely on your smart phone for all functions but for day to day activities it's great. it keeps you updated through out the day and avoids forgetting this later on.
ruined. worked great until the latest update. now includes all inactive customers so it makes it impossible to find an active customer.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
love it. it is nice to be able to enter expenses and check invoices on the run.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
poor design. very hard to navigate and understand. customer service only works bankers hours and not when you need them.
amazing in app and on line. the perfect accounting platform. easy to use, fast and simple.
. efficient, easy to use
. this is a great app, it's easy to used with everything straight foreard
good, but too limited.. as others have posted, this app would be infinitely more useful if it had more of the functionality of the desktop browser based system. being mobile means i can't do many if the things i'd like to.
to much money. i went on to the app and it says 35 dollars and i think it is to much money for an app!!!!!! it sould be at the most 20$
. ceashes all the time, does weord stuff with data, doesnt save lots of bugs on android
very easy to use. the app is fantastic as it is very user friendly and has everything i need. i've used myob in the past and that was terrible compared to the quickbooks app; which is in line with the times.
horrible!! worst waste of space ever!. would give negative stars if i could. absolutely horrible app, can't do a damned thing; can't enter or edit or view bills, can't enter new customers, can't enter new or edit existing invoices, can't enter new expenses or edit existing, can't enter or edit payments. can't figure out what this is supposed to do except take up space and cause frustration. do not waste your time downloading. like others said, use excel and a shoebox.
great app. could do with a little bit more graphic approach, but very effective.
not intuitive, not flexible, once in your stuck. terrible decision for a simple accounting software. converted from computer version...very unhappy.
". sucks!!! i've tried 8 times to sign up for the free trial & an ""error"" always pops out... :p"
. fantastic and user friendly
great app. great on the go accounting application
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
quickbooks online. 80% of business can be done from smartphone including invoicing and expenses.
. user friendly app that makes me very efficient in my field .
great app. i've started using quick books as i switched from kashflow it's much easier and has a great user interface.
great way to punish your workers. yeah, a client uses this and when he sent me a 1099 it took 30 minutes of creating an account, retrieving passwords, recreating passwords, etc just to look a file that was supposed to be mailed weeks ago. terrible system trying to force the people you work with into accounts and products to access forms that are legally required. please use other software and services that care more about their user experience.
great app !. great app
great for tracking business and personal expenses. great app
. useful app
. does not have inventory images in app. please add this feature.
. does not work in india. restarts the phone . takes too long to uninstall
does not do simple qb tasks. this app does not have all the functions as the computer online version. i can't run simple reports and the payroll app which is separate does not allow me to make changes to the employee information. doesn't function like you need it to and it put me in a bind when i went out of town with just my ipad. i would not even give it one star. worthless.
. worst app ever. 0 stars.
great but needs the option for gratuity. i would give quickbooks 5 stars if my clients had the ability to add a tip for services rendered when i send them an invoice.
easy to use. very easy to use compared to other programs i have tried.
great product. great for any small startup or established business. gives you the tools to keep up with the income and expenses for taxes. pay bills and payroll quickly and efficiently.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
. excellent for mobile businesses, only wish that i could see the same dashboard as on the pc version.
quickbooks online + app. quickbooks online is making my business accounts so easy. the bank connections feature allows you to sync online accounts straight into your account records. when new transactions are available, you can view and add them straight into your accounts, made easier by quicbooks match feature that marks transactions with previous similar transactions. support during setup period has been excellent which has made switching from another online accounting software quite an easy process. very impressive so far.
"great app!. this is a really good app for ""handling your business"" from anywhere."
worthless. some functions don't work at all like banking. doesn't load account activity. it's so useless i have to use mobile web version.
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
. just to clarify, if you are based in the eu and therefore required to comply with gdpr, you need to know that your data is stored in the usa. the software if very good, but this is a huge security issue that they refuse to answer clearly
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
. thank you for the update guys 😊 perfect accounting app for my firm
. keeping update and on track
please update to support iphone x. please update to support iphone x
worth the buy!!!!. quickbooks mobile has made estimates and invoicing so much easier! definitely with the buy for any small business!
changed my life. very helpful and easy to use. now i am my own accountant and i can keep close track on everything i do. i love this app!
. if you have a card associated with your phone.......... the free trial will automatically charge you!!!!! and ........... the is no real way of deleting your account!!!!!!!! i've called, chatted, went into google play & can't do it from there either. when you call, if there was no card added to the account, that still doesn't mean that your card won't be charged thru the card on your google account!!!!!!!!
excellent. this app is making a huge difference to our business management. real time visibility of important financial data! to improve, id love visibility of scheduled bills, plus ability to make part payments to invoices. terrific!
poorest customer service i’ve ever experienced. wow quickbooks has done it again making key changes without customer notification changes leave me hanging with no ability to do business then phone calls to customer service are long waits. must be effecting a whole lot of customers just a simple email or cs agent phone call might help. but the changes for worse again. seriously poorest service ever!!
. best app
app has low functionality. quickbook rocks but the app has very limited functionality leaving it as something not helpful to review reports
the best app for small business owners. i own a small business near austin, tx and i used to have to drive home to write up an estimate, but with quickbooks they have truely made it easy and extremely convenient. i highly recommend this app.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. app crashes 2sec after being turned on on iphone7. restarted phone, no luck
. best software
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
awesome app. easy to use. intuitive. great mobile app.
. ive tried to cancel this and followed instructions to cancel and it keeps taking money out of my account !!! i just want it deleted and my money refunded !!!
"excellent for my small business. works great on my lg g2. record keeping is considerably less time consuming and easier. love the function of taking a picture of recipts and uploading. sending customers professional looking invoices on the spot from my phone and offering the option to ""pay now"" is awesome! good job!"
could be better. it doesnt give you an option to enter a vendors bill on the app, its not convent to aways have to log onto a computer to enter a bill. you arent even able to review outstanding vendor bills etc on the mobil app
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
. great app
. good ... getting better i hope that intuit continues to realize that mobile computing is tyebway of the future and thus, they continue to invest in this app.
. great app! still learning, saves so much time.
brilliant!. after years of using outdated and under performing sage software, finally i can use a truly mobile cloud based app that fulfils all the needs of a small business. come change of tax year make the switch, it's easy and you will wish you had done it years ago.
. excellent and simple to use
still needs some changes. multiple addresses for a company is still a drama as it changes all pervious invoices and quotes. plus now on the ipad version it says i can't access until subscription is paid but it is.. works on computer but can't use my ipad. annoying!!!
crashes all the time. no matter what version this is, it always crashes on me. i never use this this app, although it would be fantastic if i could.
". the app will not sync to my quickbooks data. an error message appears. i am able to access my data online but not on the app. after 2 hrs on the phone with ""quickbooks"" i am left with ""we don't know"" and no solution in sight. i am a contractor and i use my phone or tablet to invoice etc. now i have all my accounting on quickbooks and can't use my phone or tablet to work it."
business easy. i enjoy qb on my phone! it makes it easy to adjust, stay updated, quickly send or add while on the go!
works well but. some features don't integrate with qbo and visa versa. i think this product should be as similar as possible across all available platforms.
. love the qbo app for small businesses. so much that can be done quickly.
two thumbs up!. have only been using for about 30 minutes and has made my business 1000x easier!
. i have called customer support twice now. each time, i am greeted by an overly friendly person who barely speaks a word of english. either time was the agent able to even understand what i am asking for. they could offer no help, they would not transfer me to someone else. i am left all alone here trying to navigate a program and run a business. i have no idea how to get any help from these people. thank goodness for youtube!
contractor couldn't live without it. i use this app every time i bill a client and can provide him with an accurate, complete invoice and receive payment on the spot. importing customers from my contacts is a great help. a musthave complement to quickbooks online.
very limited in function. invoice list does not even list invoice #'s. how does junk like this pass qc?
. this programapp has paralyzed me from carrying out business transactions and estimations due to a failure in the app being able to sync my data for 3 days now, customer support is next to nothing when day after day they told me i will receive an email once the issue is resolved. i am losing money and this does not seem to be a priority for quickbooks.
no customer support. this is potentially a great app, but customer support is nonexistent  3 emails sent and 2 weeks waiting for a reply to a subscription issue.
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
. easy to use and one of the best support system.
great on the go. i absolutely love using this app, lets take my office on the road!
qb app fail. app is very frustrating. sometimes works great but most of time wants to download company data and 15 min later still not downloaded. i try over and over and give up. then every once in awhile it works. fix or get rid of.
seles. how’s this quicker, how do you add vat, i was quite happy doing an invoice on my own heading paper, which looked professional, not like this useless thing that has cost more account fees 
i like it. does everything i need mobile. clients, invoices and information...all that i need on the go.
would be better if i could manage payroll on the app. i would love to be able to do up my company’s payroll on the fly if i’m out on a job site or on a business trip. please fix this
. having a business that is mobile and takes cash payments this app is brilliant. can't find a way to automatically assign mileage to each sales receipt... that would be invaluable!
crashing. i’ve had constant trouble with this app crashing on me off and on for months. now it doesn’t work at all, even after i deleted the app and redownloaded it. no one can help me.
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
returning to qb. uk staff still rude and unhelpful.
horrible (the website version too). so obviously not developed or supported by anyone with any accounting knowledge as this is the least functional program i have ever seen.
. i do invoices and print from my recliner. love this app. and sometimes generate estimates minutes after finishing my work before leaving the clients home. very convenient !!
. good app
. amazing app
. i dont have a comment, but i do have a question. is this app beneficial to a incorporated contracting company, or is it more so set up for a cash and carry business structure.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments. would be nice if inventory feature wasn't additional cost
quick overlook. i've been using desktop and online versions of quickbooks for decades. this online app is a great addition. it allows me to quickly update our bank accounts and keep on top of things while traveling.
. very easy to enter receipts. very easy to keep track of expenses. super easy to do quotes for contracting once all of your inventory is loaded.
excellent online software. i love this system made my job a lot easier my phone is my office
struggle. guys i've been struggling to log in onto this app from my galaxy s6 for several weeks now, i'm considering switching to another provider. please fix this bug. ive tried for hours at a time, everytime it asks me if i am a robot, but it never logs in just hours of saying signign in. the whole point of having this app is being able to do stuff on the go and right now thats not working...
. great app
doesn't work. omg i'm so frustrated with this app...now it doesn't work at all on my note 5 i've report the error so many times and no reply
"super userfriendly. i love this app, as it is very easy to use even if you aren't completely accounting savvy. i would like to be able to setup ""reminder"" emails to clients who have past due invoices. other than that, i'm very happy with the features of this app."
. useless app. waste of money. lousy support. subscribe at your own risk. i am cancelling mine
great app!. super convenient to track all my business transactions on the go. recent updates have made it much easier and more features are accessible.
. excellent and easy to use accounting program, you can do almost everything on your phone or tablet, lots of great features.
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
. very close to cancelling my subscription as app doesn't work. after adding 45 receipts i get an error message that my request cannot be added and i should call customer support. have tried reinstalling clearing cache signing out and nothing works permanently very frustrated
can't do banking on ap. has anyone else got the problem of adding transactions on their ap?! i can do it on a web browser but the whole reason of an ap is so you can do it from there! i've been in talks with the company for 1 month and still not fixed!
. i really like being able to do all my estimate and invoices on my mobile phone
great for business, especially if you drive a lot!!!. this app is great as well as the self employed app! make sure you do your invoicing all on one. they don't work together and have to reenter on desktop or quickbooks app. you can select personal or business for mileage and customize trips. all in all this is a great app!
don't do it. can't bill a portion of a estimate have to bill it all at once! it will not let you see your job costs per estimate! this is a huge deal i can't believe they haven't fixed this yet. come on qb add another freaken column already! tones of other stuff on the accounting side that i don't know about is missing as well!
the app have few bugs & the customer support sounds like they not familiar with their products. when you create a new customer and saving it and then you need to change some information in the contact it still shows the previous info contacted customer support few times and they are useless
great app. let's me keep up with things while i am on the go.
. easy and quick to use for estimates, invoices , receipts and keep track of expenses and income
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
great app. does cost money this app. it’s definitely worth it! the app keeps up to date
great. good apps
steve. as a desktop user this was a big disappointment. if you are trying to push people onto the online version it should work the same as the desktop. cost me time and money switching back to desktop version they messed up my data took me 8 hrs of manual data entry to correct.
garbage. signed up to their free trial, spent hours putting up my receipts only to be told i have to start again because of an error at their end. now locked out of my account and all my original receipts have faded taking even more hours trying to communicate with them to gain access to my account
. wow this is a fantastic program i am a new small business owner. i have learned aso much just by using this app!
. great program
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
i need this app. i really need to use this app. but everytime i try to create an account it says connection error. i have been sending multiple emails about the same for the past month and no reply. five stars if you fix this problem
"enjoying quickbooks online. easy to use interface and they are frequently updating features. my only complaint is that sometimes when searching for sent invoices it won't recognize, for example 74, when it's ""invoice 2015074"""
good app!. i like the app. it let's me run quick books from my phone (gs5) in the field and it runs smoothly. doing estimates on site is great.
passwords. i signed up seen the expense and uninstalled it after looking at other apps i decided to return to this app but when i tried signing in it gave me a error message so i tried reseting the password and have entered my verification codes but still can not log in. i would like to possibly purchase the app but this is very difficult since i can't get in
really good!. overall i think it's a great app. the one thing i would like them to add is the total dollar amount in the invoice section. in other words it would be nice to see a dollar amount on the tabs for open invoices and past due invoices.
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
options. i need to be able to send quotes, not estimates.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
worthless!. until this app can sync with the desktop version of quickbooks, it is worthless to my business. i'm sorry i downloaded it. but i have already deleted it.
. i would give at least two more stars if the app actually lets me use my card reader, followed by the lack of automatic syncing and not even using active price rules whenever i need to make an invoice for a particular customer. please fix the card reader settings at least.
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
. amazing app
horrible!! worst waste of space ever!. would give negative stars if i could. absolutely horrible app, can't do a damned thing; can't enter or edit or view bills, can't enter new customers, can't enter new or edit existing invoices, can't enter new expenses or edit existing, can't enter or edit payments. can't figure out what this is supposed to do except take up space and cause frustration. do not waste your time downloading. like others said, use excel and a shoebox.
awesome app!. great product, has everything our small business needs, saved us a lot of time transferring from one program to this. reconciliation is a dream, so simple and easy to work out. have had no issues whatsoever and am very happy with the change over, has made life so much easier. 👍 thank you
love the qbo. mobile expense posting is cool
handy invoicing tool when out and about. i use this app predominantly to invoice as i travel a lot in my job. it has been a bit of a game changer to be able to produce professional invoices on the go. and amazing to keep track of payments.
. very handy app for invoicing on the go
. with a little creative googling this app can be very easy to implement.
. its pathetic. downloaded it and got it all started and when i try to connect my bank it tells me i have an internet connection problem when i'm on a super awesome lte connection. reinstalled it with no change. talk about trust issues before we even get started.
good program. works different than internet. that causes some head aches.
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
. awesome app and links with qb online.
does not work. quickbooks will not let me access via my mobile device, neither through my browser or through this app. figure it out guys, smart phones are the most common computers people use these days...
discount. one of the best accounting software on the market. the only think that maybe can be added is the discount feature on the invoice.
. worst app website will not open properly in mobiles and ask for reset repeatedly for same user id, useless
nogo on ipad pro. doesn't look good on ipad pro and doesn't support split screen. need to be able to have qb open on one side and my project system on the other to create invoices.
. horrible. difficulty in getting customer service rep. when asked to speak to a manager she continued to argue. not easy to speak to a rep. i signed in and went thru steps to set up quick books it didn't like my information to deposit money. horrible and don't advise wasting money. sat on hold for a manager for an extremely long time more than 15 minutes.
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
. it's a great app
. terrible app and company. they hold your money and request ridiculous amounts of proof to get it back.
excellent app. i cannot tell you how much time i'm saving now. i wish i had changed to online years ago.
great invoicing app. work great for invoicing needs.
great app when it works.... after update to ios 13 as well as the latest version of the qbo app, i cannot access supplier information. on top of that, i am unable to save expenses that i am trying to enter too. there goes the productivity. qbo team really need to be better at this!
. i find it a bit iffy at the moment. it's designed for bigger businesses. i'm only a burger van. so my business is very small. but it does help me to keep track of my bills
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
retired. this new online version is the best so far. user friendly, everything you want to know is right in front of you when you sign in. easy to navigate
. since the update can't add trips for mileage. app was working perfectly before the update. app won't allow addresses to be added like before. why not just leave well enough alone?
help. there doesn't seem to be a way to tie in purchases on to a invoice to charge specific customers. when you call in for help with the app, customer service does not have access to see what you're looking at.
. not nearly as useful as the desktop version very weak app. still needs tons of improvement
. quickbooks banking is my favorite part of the app, because it's easy you catergorise all your expenses and incomes. the dashboard shows an overview of your financial situation.
ótimo!. controlo as contas de minha empresa de forma fácil e segura.
a little awkward.... it has the functionality but the ui is awkward. it's also very difficult joggling between the different expense accounts.
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
loved the app until banking disappeared. i mainly use my computer to do most of our accounting but loved having the app so i could accept banking transactions during short periods of downtime thereby keeping our bank balance up to date all the time. then today i went to catch up on accepting transactions and banking has totally disappeared from the menu. help! what happened? i deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail.
great app. just started to use. easy to navigate. have had no issues.
one in all. i can run my business with great confidence because of this application available of quickbooks online. one my favorite functions is the capability of producing estimates, and invoices immediately. that function pleases a majority of my professional field clients.
awesome!. has worked better than any other accounting software i have ever used!
. a few more functions on the mobile app would be awesome, but super convenient nonetheless
great mobile app, but it has a mind of its own. i've found the ability to work remotely as a great plus for estimates, electronic invoices and checking customer records. i have just had issues with downloaded deposit amounts and matching for reconciliation. automatic entry into register has to go!
. would be better if it used ai to fill in some of the receipt details
. so watered down it's basically useless. better off waiting until you get to a computer if you're actually trying to accomplish anything.
keeps crashing. crashes on latest ios version on iphone 6
update needed. for the past three weeks has not been tracking the miles. otherwise a 5 star app when working properly.
amazing. i haven't seen smart accounting software like this 👍🏼
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app. please add bills to the mobile apps.
great apps. easy to use
. my business depends on qb and thankfully the web portal works. on my samsung s8 however, all this app does is give me an unresponsive black screen if i'm lucky enough to even load a login screen. not compatible with samsung s8 apparently. this app is trash. stick to the web portal and save yourselves the aggravation.
. best app to have to keep updated!!!!
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
fantastic. it's so handy to have quick books with me wherever i go! i can balance my bank register, create invoices and take payments on the go.
worth the price. i am a small business owner, i was having to write out estimates and bills but since i have this app....... life is way easier!!! now i have more time to do the work and less hassle with the paperwork.
what's happened?!. usually excellent for uploading expenses it's now decided not to allow the option to add an expense. what's going on? please fix!!
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck
. both the desktop and the mobile app are unstable. if i decide to stay with quickbooks and that's a big 'if' i will return to the regular desktop version. the gui sucks and is not intuitive in any way and the help section is inadequate .
. simple to use and good value. love the app!
elecsmart electricians london. i have used the online version but now prefer the app as it seems to be more stable. worth the money and great for a progressive company!
. worst customer service ever! they blocked my customer payment and i couldn't get any answer after two weeks and nobody is responsible.
superb app. works everytime for me, allows me to update invoices, expenses and record payments.
basic app. app functions are extremely limited, and i can't use qb web on any browser on ios devices (ipadipad pro 12.9iphone 7plus) as all browsers including safari, chrome and dolphin run in zoomed mode when want to enter invoice, payments, receipts and bills or even check reports and make unusable.
. great app and very convienent!
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
awesome!. great app, easy to use.
qb online app. i love it! the app makes it easy for me to check on my business, record transactions, and review reports.
quickbooks made simple. though i'm still not totally familiar with qb in general the app definitely makes it much easier and convenient to use and track accounts activity etc.
. very easy and convenient, especially on the go
great system. quickbooks online has made my life loads easier and less stressful many thanks
excellent!!!. this is easy to use and very convenient! most of the functionality on the app means it's easy to work while out of the office!
great app!. i'm in love with this app, too bad that the proadvisor app doesn't work as sharp (doesn't work at all).
awesome app. as a small business owner i'm constantly on the go. this app is amazing. with very little effort i can quickly add a new client create an invoice and get paid how i want.
. i would have given four stars except the tab function in the app has not worked in a few months.
easy to use so much detail!. i like that it can be synced with my crm & shared with my accountant!
. just starting out with quickbooks. i noticed that it lets me know whether an account holder has seen my invoice. nice! i'd like a little more guidance on using it to track my money, though. i feel a little in over my head.
great app! great company!. in a sea of many companies like intuit, i am honored to work with them. the ease of use and professionalism are a great plus. all the stars fully deserved!
. good app
. doesn't actually show invoices or customers. features are mostly broken or sporadic. using the website is a much better option.
easy to use. a very easy to use software that is cloud based with a great phone app. i’ve been using this for some time now and it evolves every year. most for the best. a helpful help call centre should you have any problems. 4 stars as i don't believe you can back this up
disappointed. although it loaded up ok, it didn't refresh my data that i had added online. i emailed support who are supposed to reply in 24 hrs but never heard anything. so unless they get this sorted it's going to be deleted.
. quick books online asking me to update app through website .... will not open. says to email you the results or error and someone will get back to me.... not yet been 5 days
add missing payroll  keypay. please add missing keypay. thanks
bank transfers take too long. i am very frustrated. it has been 1 week since my clients paid their invoice and the money still is not in my bank account after 1 week. unacceptable!
. utter garbage. i use the online version daily, but the app barely functions, is laid out differently, and doesn't have any of the major features that i use online on a regular basis.
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
batman. super friends
quickbooks online. easy, simple to use.
still useless. what is this for? can't see the check register, can't add vendor bills. you should be able to access all aspects of qb online. i guess its ok if all you want to do is look at pretty graphs.
. worked fine until they updated the app, now does not work at all, can't even find my account, worthless
. my wife has this app and it works well for her business. i got this app based on her recommendation but unfortunately it has been full of technical difficulties. several hours wasted on talking to tech support and was told the tech team might resolve issues in a week. all details of my invoices are erased and wrong dates are shown on all invoices amongst other problems. wish they could solve this faster, has been very stressful experience so far for me.
. looks simple and imteresting
quickbooks = easy bookkeepping. love the mobile app, very easy to use. access accounts from anywhere, raise invoices, pay invoices. simplified bookkeeping!!
bad customer services to cancel. struggling to get the right information on how to cancel before getting charged as i'm using other software now. been contacted twice with the wrong info.
"disappointed.... i had high expectations for this app., but it just doesn't deliver. half the features advertised return a message ""feature not supported at this time, please log on from a computer""! so what's the point? why not just not release the app until it works? looking for another option."
. cannot login from mobile
knoxville premier painting. iit is a great app
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
easy to use, instrumental to my business. keep it glitch free please
. quickbooks is great. i've been using it for a few years. customers can pay directly through their email and it makes keeping track of sales and expenses very easy.
. i use this app while i had my quickbooks trial, and it seemed to be working fine. the minute i subscribed, the app stopped working properly. i emailed support, no one seems to be answering my questions, and when i phone the customer service, they don't know how to help with the app. i'm stuck and ready to cancel the whole thing.
"don't bother. it says above ""get full access to everything quickbooks online has on the web"". but in fact it is a totally different application geared to salesmen on the road. don't expect to see your accounts here, all you have is:  customers  estimates  your invoices and sales receipts. very disappointing; forget it"
great app. keeps me up to date with my rental properties. i always know where the finances are. makes the end of the month so quick and easy to finalize. it's fun.
simplicity. great app for those with a mobile office who can sort paperwork instantly!
very useful mobile app. i don't expect my mobile version (android) to replace my desktop version. for checking customer balances, emailing invoices, and receiving payments it's a perfectly useful app. quick and easy access to invoices, customer balances, expenses, customer info, p&l and balance sheet. i'm not running or expecting more sophisticated reports from my phone! works great for what i need!
. installed on android yesterday. cannot see anything on dashboard. called customer service and they don't know anything about the issue and can't help. she said she can see it on her iphone. account can be seen on desktop version but the mobile app is useless.
. great app, simple to use, alot of resources.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
great for small business. i am a partner in a small mobile based business and the financial dealings are my responsibility. quick books online along with the app make everything so much easier than what we were previously using. using the app is pretty intuitive and you can accomplish anything i need to at a job site.
basic functionality is good. this app has a lot of the data that i want to see. limitations are that you cannot do queries or make selections like the online version. i would like it to look and work more like the online version, then i would rate it 5.
. perfect! never have an issue & do not plan ever going to a different kind of software.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. this app is not free! as soon as i signed in, it asked for money!
. exelent app!!! excellent app it works for my small business if one tech and one office lady.i just can't figure out how to add small items i use to repair i.e. couplings tees nineties and what they fall under. other than that i love this app.
ok software. constant downloading of data and password reauthentication really slows down work. larger your business the longer it takes. you’d think with sas, would be much better. looking for opportunity to jump off.
. fine app. would get 5 stars when i can do inventory
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
makes life simple. makes keeping the books alot simpler. cits down on time spent in the office
. best feature, snap a pic of receipts, log em immediately, drop the actual receipt in a shoebox, & forget about it!!! you can see if anyone paid instantly on your phone, send an invoice change, i mean its the fastest accounting i've ever done in 20yrs!
. good software, i find it a bit challenging compared to my laptop version.
love this app!!. i love how easy to use this app is but my only problem is that i can't sync it with my company's ocbc account and my shopify's store's inventory.
ab online. great program. really ups the efficiency.
app doesn't work at all. after attempting to log in several times the app crashes every time. i cannot rely on it for work so it's useless.
. but as good as iphone so but as good as iphone app
couldn't ask for more. vary good app with great integration with cloud web service. i have been using this app along with desktop cloud version with my business for little more then a year now and find it vary useful and the app tops it off being on the road with no access to computer as long as they continue to upgrade and offer quickbooks online with app i will subscribe
"great app for distributors. we can invoice and deliver on the fly without having to go back to the office to capture the ""in the moment sales"". our accountant has access and was able to set our account up to match his categories for a fast and no worry tax prep."
. best cloud based accounting software
. i think this app is a great addition to the computer and laptop for the small business owner on the go.
. get error message when i login on a mobile phone. works fine in mobile browser and on the desktop. app used to be great but cant even access the tools that i'm paying for anymore
. this has made it so much easier to keep track of our business expenses. i have recommended qbo to all my friends who own there own business.
indispensable tool. all business owners should have a mobile app that makes finances easier to manage. this is one of them. thank you intuit!
. get lost u stupids it's not working in india. my mb waste
should have been ready for io13. i waited patiently while running the io13 beta & this app not working. but now that the official io13 public release is available i have to give this 1 star, 0 if i could. the app just crashes!! quickbooks, you should have had your app ready way before this public release.
. billing the customer at the job sites
slow and buggy. disappointed in app. doesn't correlate well with desktop version. slow to load information and sometimes won't update accounts.
. would be nice if the app would recognize the info on the receipt when you take a pic of it
. enjoying this app, life made easy...
. excellent app can do more on the app on android then on the iphone. works great!!
great app for qb online. when i need an invoice sent out and i'm away from my pc, qb solved the inconvenience with this app. one thing i can't find is how to change the figure slide login.
simple, just plain works.... easy to set up, use and send invoices, receive payments and figure out the taxes.
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality  i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
. do not match up with pc i have this on my phone to use for work, i do not have the same tabs as my coworker and we installed the same day. things i put in on my phone do not match what she puts in. she even tried using my phone to make sure i was using this app correctly and it is totally different. how can someone use this if it's not the same from phone to phone or to a pc?
fail update.. update never savessends invoices on either of my 2 devices
not a user friendly apps. not flexible
great for small business. it's a great app for small business. since it's a cloud solution, cheap and easy to access your finances from any where. need improvement to have detailed views and reporting for the management.
. entered in info 2 link bank business card. then i went & made a purchase with that same card & nothing showed up. giving apps a shot, even though i know in the back of my mind that anything can be hacked. i'm not trying this again will uninstall.
can't sync. can't upload data from my desktop to qb online. i have qb pro 2009. is it not compatible?
a changing life app. i’m new to the u.s and this app helps a lot to get organized. just love it.
terrible product. if you are looking for comprehensive business software that is easy to use and reliable, you won't find it with quickbooks online. after using the desktop versions for years, the online version is just a sad attempt. i had high hopes when i started using the online version. within minutes, i was disappointed.
best app ever. thank you quickbooks making everything simple
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
"love this app. it is so awesome to be able to login to our accounting software and services do an invoice right from the service location we just finished up on... i can actually send a store manager a estimate sheet as a ""what was done  sign off sheet for his record in the case of a corporate billing. i am so glad i chose qb's online..."
productive. one app that is recommended for everyone. it helps you become your own ca and with no knowledge one can start and keep everything on tips.
can't live without it. the app is super handy for viewing business info on the go. i'd love it more if there were a few more reports.
can't login. every time i try to login it says that i don't have an online subscription.
easy to use.. does what i need it to do. helps me record my sales and expenses without a pc.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
. already did all that: reboot, kill reopen, clear data, network change, reinstall, but it didn't work. have been working with michelle from your team to help out. today it miraculously is working again! what happened?
little disappointed. qb on the cloud is a great idea and that's why i'm using it. however  wouldn't it be nice if the mobile version dis half what the desktop version does. i use mint for my personal finances and for a free service their app does it all. qb please get some programmers to get this app fully functional! i understand that you may not include every function but expenses??? that's something i expected to be able to do on the road.
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
👌🏼. not a bad app
bugs. there are alot of bugs in the app. i am about to go back to square. the app keep giving alot of errors.
works like it should!. the app works well and most everything is in the same place as the desktop version.
keep logging me out. after the update the application keeps logging me out every single time please fix that, used to do it with the previous update before this last one, you guys fixed it, but with this new update is doing it again
app crashes on ios 9 and ios 10. when i click on support it takes you to a web page that also does not work properly. do you have email support ?
really enjoy this.. so happy to switch over to qb online, from the pc version. easy to set up, runs smooth and quickly, and like that i can access from any device.
new update has stopped my app from working!!!. since the update i now can’t accept anything or change anything!!! the only thing i can do it add the expenses!!!! sort it out please!!!!!
useless since update. the last update brings a gorgeous splash screen. i know this because i see it dozens of times each day since i have to log in every time i open the app! completely useless now.
"won't open. download twice. when i try to log in says i ""need to make payment or my account has been canceled"", which isn't true. i open it on my laptop just fine and have automatic payments. what gives?!!"
. awesome app
love the added functionality. i have been using quick books online since it was released. they continue to listen to customers and improve their products. the app is great and can't wait for even more innovative functionality.
crash books pro. this terrific app asks you every few minutes to rate their program knowing that you want to tell the world how you can't send out an invoice without the app crashing. *update* i am having more issues with the app then ever. i can only assume quickbooks is either more useless then i thought. or they are retaliating for my review of their product. i have never had any program work this bad and i have worked it.
good app. good app
fake claim. i am not sure why these companies feel like they have use false advertising to sell their products. i do get it. i understand that some companies, usually the big ones, feel like they have to recoup development costs for their apps. well just be honest then
app is useless. receipts and notes entered in the app do not show in the register online without additional steps. it doesn’t even show there is an attachment even though i selected show attachments in settings. so what’s the point. absolutely ridiculous in this day and age.
i'd complain about crashing. but it won't even open. i used this app every single day for years, now its trash?! get it working please. i have paperwork that needs to get done.
convenient. i upgraded to quickbooks online after some computer problems. it is so comforting to know i can access my information from several devices and the transition went smoothly.
. this is a great app for my small business and has helped me to stay organized and saves time!
limited. every business owners wants to get to the bank registers fast...like the first thing! for some reason qbonline developers have not created a simple way to customize your home page so you can do this.
invoices. great company that takes care of all your business needs !
not helpful. this app doesn't help me. i get errors every time i try to match or categorize a transaction from my bank. it's useless for me.
have been waiting to get this app. awesome!. great app! easy to use. wish i can take payments from this app.
i love this app. this is the easiest to use and simplest way to use it.
. i have not been able to sign in to the app on my phone for a few months now. when i select ny company file, it has to think about it for a few minutes then i get a message saying an error has occurred and to try again later. i then can send this to intuit, which i do, but have never once heard back as to what the errorissue is that is not allowing me to sign in.
no complaints!!!. 👍👍👍👍the first business app ever that i'm unable to find anything wrong with. my boss & i love it. it's incredible how close this app comes to the qbo full website in terms of what we're able to access and accomplish using it. leaves all competitors in the dust. keep up the good work qbo!!!
. this app sucks and has for years! maybe if they charged us $1,000 a month then they could get it to work. maybe they just don't care enough to make it work. samsung galaxy s7 will not show entire history for past customers. mildly important!
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
ipad mini. app works great
great program. it's so easy to use, i love it.
. great app
great for start ups. i am wanting to know if it has been considered for users to use their finger print as an option other than the password to sign in on the app?
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
quickbooks online is a lifesaver!. we have a small family owned and operated business. i love the simple user interface that quickbooks online uses. it's very easy to get started with and it saves us so much time. the reports are clean and well put together and it gives me so much flexibility when categorizing expenses. it also integrates perfectly with our square card reader and gives us the option to attach receipts. all around perfect bookkeeping software for people on the move!
great accounting app. so far i like it. pretty much easy to use
app like. blue
mobile app. not happy. i am on the phone with support everyday. won't print on app or on chrome. they don't know what to do. this mobile is worthless to me. i don't have time for this!
. so far so good. my business isn't big so this software is just enough.
owner. grate easy to use set up and keep track of spending and overdue invoices
. this app has made life much easier and more organized
fix log in problems. the latest update made logging in extremely difficult. i am no longer able to use my pin or fingerprint even though they are both enabled in the app.
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
awesome. such a great package. it made my life so easy with the phone app that i can raise invoices and quotes on the go. it also makes your business look heaps bigger and professional by having proper invoicing that allows taking signature on quotes too. loving it.
quickbooks online. don't usually write reviews but this app is definitely worthy of a review. if you are in the market for an invoicing program this is the only way to go!!
professional cleaning. quickbooks makes my company easy to run. the app is just the cherry on top.
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
a real time saver. as a busy professional, this app helps keep my accounting up to date on the fly. the app is extremely easy to use and updates instantly to my online version of quickbooks. well worth it!
i like everything but..... i like qbo a lot. however there is at least one very big flaw and that is that you cannot make past due or partial tax payments through qbo.
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
efficient. good to have access on any device. does a great job but a little more customisation for service industry would be good. overall very efficient bookkeeping solution.
. great app, much easier to invoice customers.
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
worse update ever. finally you eat our petition to add calculator to the invoice keyboard and removed on this update? app freezes a lot
. app great for small businesses.
best for small businesses on the go. i'm a cpa consultant that specializes in accounting systems and qb and its other products qbo are the most popular in our vancouver market. it's popular simple to use, has good built in reporting, and lots of apps. and it's adaptable for virtually all small businesses.
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
limiting. very limited app
. good app
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
great small business app. love this app for my working vacations!
excellent. great mobile app from intuit, quickbooks online is great and although a bit different from the desktop version it has improved the way i work with my clients
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
. customer service is absolutely horrible. signed up yesterday online. found out customizing invoices function has been broken for 3 months. call this morning to cancel subscription and get a refund. they're answer basically was we've got your money we're not going to refund it. you have been warned stay away from quickbooks
the best. would have a hard time keeping up with everything without this program. works great!
zero stars new version is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
convenient. as a consultant who spends most of my time out of the office this comes in handy for invoicing on the run. would be good if it was possible to add billable hours for a customer without creating an invoice (i invoice on a fortnightly basis so have to create an invoice and edit it daily then change the date of the invoice when it is finally issued). customisation of the widget would also be welcome.
getting better. they've agressively added functionality over the past year...becoming a more complete app!
expenses tab stopped working. please fix the expenses tab. it's greyed out on this version and i can't use it.
. not all of my customers show up and neither do all of my past invoices. this makes it impossible to send out invoices unless i want to create a new customer profile every time. so, for my use, this app is effectively useless most of the time.
. i am blessed for all the riches that i have. and this app is one of them
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
very good. very good and easy app.
the worst customer service ever. don’t waist your time. trust my word
very handy little app. as said in other reviews it is a little different from the computer version but it is such an easy way for me to do my invoices on the go! it's all set to go and it tracks all of my invoices and sends me reminds of unpaid one too! great little helper!
. do not use the cc service. they will hold your money for a week and charge you a service charge a week before you receive your money. horrible service.
easy to work with. it's just incredible to use and work with.
quickbooks. i have been using quickbooks for about 3 years. i use the ipad version and the quickbooks online version. it does almost everything i would need it to do. i am really liking this last update.
. great extension to the desktop version. this app is most helpful on an onthego situation. reduced bookkeeping cost.
top notch app for businesses. makes it so easy to run my business on the go!!!!
so useful, good updates!.
cis unfriendly. useless if your a contractor or subcontractor. if your in the construction industry, this app is useless. you cannot create cis invoices which renders this app useless.
not great but ok. i gave a review a few years ago when the online version first came out and it was bad. they resolved many of the issues and now it runs really well. i don't have any crashes can do almost everything that my laptop version online can do. i highly recommend it.
one man show. this app helps tons: estimate and invoice from anywhere.
. my only complaint is if i'm writing or editing an invoice on the mobile app and want to put a discount i can't put a negative amount.
accounting professionals client list incomplete. when logged into the account thru the app, i am unable to view all clients quickbooks accounts.
great app. i love working with quickbooks i can take it with me anywhere i go and makes everything with my business that much easier. i have used other apps that were good but they didn't tie everything together like quickbooks. i highly recommend it.
. reports needed need reporting inclusion in the app to be rated excellent.
this is a total disaster. quickbooks online is a complete and total mess. my invoices are duplicating themselves in the register, the register isn't adding correctly, and my sales tax isn't correct so it has to be done by hand. when you call customer service, they have no answers and never bother to return your call because nobody there knows how to fix the issues. i would recommend that nobody ever uses quickbooks online.
easy to use. quickbooks is great for anyone especially if you like to do your books on the move
great!!. works so well. love how easy it is to use, love how seamless the app works as well as the computer version. so easy to send invoices via email. was so happy when i found out easy it is to use!
fantastic application. i love this app. it let's me manage my expenses and easily invoice on the go. great tool!
why???. for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
makes it easy. i love the easy to use format and more professional looking invoices and estimates. and the format saves me a lot of time filling out forms. before i was hand writing the estimate, scanning and then emailing from my computer at home. qb does all that from my phone. it works very well for my small business.
best accounting app. perfect for any small business. never had any problem, never crashes. only need more invoicing templates.
. the app is excellent!!!
. good accounting software. use it mainly for invoices.
unable to sign in.... same issue many users are having with the latest update, i can no longer sign into my account with the app.
mileage is a joke. i upgraded to this account from the self employed version and the mileage is a joke. i thought the self employed was horrible. it completely missed a whole day of travel and cut’s off trips in the middle of traveling. or cuts the trips starting and ending if it even records the visit.
. the package i purchased was for a small business and the app isnt appart of the package. i purchased the app to help keep track of mileage and other uses.
slow, complicated. can't do everything in app, also need the website open. have spent almost a week setting up. terrible. keeps crashing. awful.
convenient. can enter sales receipts and expenses into quick books away from the office. that's a useful add on to their online program.
buggy app. doesn’t even open, tried many times opening it on my iphone x for weeks. it doesn’t even open the app and there hasn’t been an update to fix that for ages. unable to use it on my phone and having to use it on my laptop which i don’t always have it on hand. please fix this issue.
. terrible. my bank account will not sync and support refuse to contact me. no transactions show up other than the ones that appeared the first time i downloaded this app. definitely not worth paying for the full version.
. login issue verification code sending is very slow and sometimes not.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
accountant owner. easy to navigate and control
. very excellent apps
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
. love this app
app won't open after latest update! please fix asap!. app won't open after latest update! please fix asap!
wonderful app.. wonderful app. makes my life so much easier. wish i would have signed up with qbo earlier.
. great app.
. excellent app
. great app!
great app.. intuit and odyssey have been very helpful with the company integration into quickbooks online from qb 2013.
. poor. this app worked fine for 2 years and now they have recently removed the feature where it automatically adds receipts to transactions. the support morons keep telling me it never existed in the first place but i used it for 2 years! i'm now looking for another app to use in it's stead. avoid it at all costs.
crashed when entered a sales transaction. downloaded this app to see if i could use it instead of at a computer and the app crashed as soon as i tried to enter a sales transaction. i tried to enter in the receipt type and it crashed
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
great for mobile. i have enjoyed using the app. has what i need for most part.
. great app.
good app with room for improvement. the features they have work well, but many of the features on the website are not included. it has many of the customer options, but not much else. if they ever make this a fully functional app, i'll give it 5 stars.
superbly designed. having used two competitors' products before, i've been very pleasantly surprised with quickbooks. it's really easy to use but, at the same time, it has lots of really helpful features. the app is well designed but my only gripe is that i am sometimes unable to login. the problem usually corrects itself after a while, but it's a bit annoying when i need it at the time. nevertheless, the product is so good that this doesn't even bother me much.
brutal support and comparability. currently looking for another accounting solution. the intentional limitations and total lack of cooperation with the support team leads me to the opinion that all positive reviews are fake. epic fail intuit.
so easy to use!. such an easy app to use, these guys have simplified bookkeeping down from something i wouldn't dare touch, to being able to raise invoices from my phone and connect my bank accounts, no hassles at all.
. app is crashing. also, when it does log in successfully, it doesn't remember my state from previous login. it needs to downloads stacks of data all over again.
great app. removed and reinstalled the app on my iphone. works fine
organized. been in business for 20 years and been using this app for a year. love it. still lots beyond my abilities and i wish there was a little more help in the app for the accounting inept like me but i just bring the app to my accountant and they can pull all the data needed. recommend it. see sales, cost, accounts receivable at any given moment.
awesome app. i waited to rate this app because i knew eventually everything was going to be available on the mobile app. this makes my job so much easier start to finish.
graham. great app very easy to use for a mobile business. just need mobile wifi.
. unable to see inventory creation in mobile app gear symbol is not there in downliaded app
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved
. good app
quickbooks mobile app crashes continuously, unusable. the quickbooks mobile app crashes continuously and is totally unusable in it’s current condition on ipad. frustrating and we are planning to switch accounting app companies, after years with quickbooks program. intuit seems unconcerned with fixing the problem that has been plaguing our recordkeeping for weeks now.
changes are not good. unable to email with attachments. the older app will not work.
best app ever. i am a tech on the go , and we made the switch from paper invoicing to quick books online. i cannot tell you how much this app saves me on time and frustration , everything is there at the tip of your finger. thanks intuit for making my work that much easier!
very good for any kind of business!. quickbooks is great app for managing the everyday finances. it's very fast to send invoices, with this app all income and expenses are simple and quick.
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
awesome app!. great software, well written and updated regularly, moves seamlessly between phone ipad and desktop
no inventory tracking, no reminder. very disappointed with this no inventory tracking, no reminder for the app no not also for me its pointless quickbooks you better fix it i am cancelling my subscription
. very good and useful!
qb. completely unusable since 6th september update. crashes all the time on latest ios please fix this.
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
i gotta say. i'm very impressed. it works perfectly with all the support needed.
won't work. dumb, have quick books for pc. this gets error after signing in. galaxy tab.
horrible accounting program. barely an accounting program. one would think qb would create an online version mirroring their desktop software. navigating the online software is a headache, let alone using it for basic accounting purposes. of course qb ever improving their software is as likely to happen as me winning the lottery.
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
don grant mechanical services. commercial. residental ,heating airconditioning , refrigeration, makeup air systems, light plumbing, and electrical
everything a small business needs. i absolutely love this app it does everything we need including taking pictures of receipts there's no reason to purchase another application or a scanner when you can do everything from your smartphone. awesome! #callsafe
. it's been years and the login still fails 80% of the time. have to clear data in the app just to login. it's a nightmare.
help. the android app is very very slow it takes a long time to change a estimate to a invoice i have emailed support several times about the issue with no reply please speed it up.
thumbs up. great addition to the online software
projectivity. great app for my consulting business. once you enter your data quick books can show you a picture of what your business looks like; where your money is coming in by customer. instantly produces reports, reminds you if you have invoices overdue and can be linked to your bank. what more would a small business want? i love this bookkeeping program. :)
qbo ipad & iphone. i think that intuit is doing an incredible job with this product! the updates have been wonderful for me. it would be 5 stars if i could make bank deposits as well!
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
great app. love this on the computer and really love the mobile app! it's great to be able to get things done anywhere.
brilliant. excellent accounting software for new small business. only issue i have is that i bought a subscription online and the app keeps telling me to subscribe
crashes constantly every time i try to use it!. crashes multiple times every time that i try to use the app! on line works fine. the app keeps freezing saying saying critical updates needed! but i already updated app and deleted the app and reinstalled it. i tried everything i could do. so frustrating! older versions worked well. this is on an iphone xmax. newest phone .., latest version ... not working!!
. game changer! i've only had it downloaded for 5 minutes and i love it! i will change this review, if any hiccups change my mind, after further use.
convenient but you pay for it. this app is really handy but they jack the prices up on you once you’ve gone through all the hassle of inputting your info. they know you won’t probably mess with changing programs once you’ve wasted all that time and energy. it is nice to use, however.
create a project under a customer for ios. this needs to be added asap. we are a mobile company and would very much utilize creating a project on the go in ios. both for ipad and iphone. thanks.
. update: no longer freezes but is now saving estimates and invoices multiple time and showing 70k extra in income from invoices and bank deposits which it's now not allowing us to match payments with invoices so our only current option is to delete all duplicate payments and have customers outstanding balances until this is fixed
glitchy. only problem is if you’re doing a live estimate or invoice, if your screen goes idle this app makes you log in again and you lose all the information you’ve typed in. super annoying especially when you’re measuring out a house or doing a walk through with a client and entering information as you go.
. the perfect accounting software for people on the go.
great app. easy to use when on the go.
. its a very helpful app for businesses
limited for multi user. i wanted to be able to have a an app that i could send with my field employees. this one does not allow more than gross limits on data.
great app on the go. there isn't any comparison to the quality and convenience of the quickbooks package
. love having my accounting on the go. missing a few key features in the app but hopefully they will be added soon. sure beats manually reconciliation of a paper check book!
qb rocks. this is a great app to stay on top of your business while on the go. whether in the office, at home, or on vacation, make sure your payables and receivables match.
. handy but a bit slow
great business tool. this program has helped me i the field like no other program i can think of.
poor need lots of work. this app is terrible on the ios and android. i’m using it on both and it has tooo many bugs...
useful app for sure. thanks for the refresh feature, will definitely make my job easier. 5 stars.
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
. the app is ok but it is super buggy
makes accounting much simpler. i've been using this app for a few months and find it to be really easy and accommodating. the app when used in conjunction with my desktop program helps to alleviate a lot of ambiguity and oversight.
update ruined a great small business tool. quickbooks use to be an awesome tool to let us send invoices after a job is completed on the spot. it also allowed a user to edit payment information anywhere via the mobile app. this is now all gone thanks to the new update. if it is not fixed soon, we are looking into transferring our accounts to another system.
professional it consultant. i recommend this app for smb, especially when you're out of the office a lot.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
great app. for my business is been really helpful app. i'm a painter contractor, check job all day, if i need to send estimates and invoices now i can do it on the road.
. i like the app, but i can't view all of the vendor bills and payments on the mobile app. i've tried multiple android and ios devices and just can't see the vendor bills and payments. i can see them online, but it would be nice to be able to view them in the app as well.
. keeps logging me out otherwise really nice app
. crashes on loading. android 7
pretty amazing. i hate accounting, but i have to say that this is the best yet, by a lot. once you're setup if you log every purchase and deposit on your phone, it does itself. quickbooks pulls up your checking account, matches your entries to the banks and you're done. i'm really glad i signed up for the online version. it rocks
update crashed. i have all of my quickbooks point of sale ipads that cannot open the app since the update! we have all had to resort to computers and phones to run our business! you may want to consider this before you join up with quickbooks! they are notorious for problems relating to their quickbooks online.
honestly i would rate this app 0!. app doesn't work at all, getting error every time i'm trying to login. no respond from team during a week! just stay away of it!!! if you think that your advice to reinstall would help  you are wrong! i did it already couple if times before your advise finally came in. this app just doesn't work and i wouldn't spent more time for it!!!!!! stay away of it!!!
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
great app for your business. very easy to use. i love the p&l feature and how everything syncs together. really nice app. no complaints
. the app is horrible. doesn't update ky information, ia like a month behind. very frustrating. you are good at billing me every month, that part is up to date🙄.
. the app needs to specify that it is for the online version only. in starting that it works with all intuit products, i expect just that, all versions of quickbooks.
. absolutely overwhelming! you surround yourselves with the most incredible and pleasant staff. bill, just like the the other individuals that i talked with in the last two days are extraordinary and simply the best. thanks a lot for all your help. pedro
. the app sucks really bad, it's full of continuous bugs and it is unstable, every time you try to add attachments to expenses the app freezes does not save and shut down, find another solution because it's sad.
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
. no longer working at all on my phone which is how i do 95% of my business. nobody to call or get a hold of to fix the problem since it is a 3rd party app.
app problems. app keeps crashing haven’t been able to create invoices for days
. great app to manage all paper work and finance.
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks it makes tracking expenses easy as taking a picture and putting the irs info in.
. quite limited functions got a few errors, will be nice to get most of desktop functions on phone.
excellent online software. i love this system made my job a lot easier my phone is my office
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
love it!. use it everyday. thank you qbo for making me more productive
does not support multiple currencies. hope they can add multiple currencies soon. it's useless if you have a primary currency other than usd.
. was wary, but the convenience is worth a lot until the latest update. now i cant sign on. been a week since they told me there was an issue. still not resolved. spent several hours on hold listing to garbled elevator music that can not be turned down. customer support blows.
useless. won't accept my phone number so can't go any further ill look elsewhere for a app that works
. really easy to use. highly recommended. would like to see payroll either included or developed separatelylinked.
. good app wish it had a feature to scan in receipts otherwise it has been super helpful
. won't update data. data is 137 days old and counting. refreshes don't help and uninstallingreinstalling is a waste of time. thanks for nothing.
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go
unusable. doesn’t connect to my account.. every time i try to login it says there is no company associated with my account. it works fine through a mobile browser or desktop browser. the app is completely unusable, how convenient. tech support says there is a glitch...you don’t say.
great app. full functionality of desktop app, great for on the go business owners!
. i didn't worry about computer crash losing all my data plus it goes with me everywhere. but the app does not work right now. 7 weeks & no feed back
. still in trial, but so far so good... very pleased with overall functionality! trial over, five years later... upgraded to 5 stars. perfect app for my small business. does what i need, always available, improves the client experience.
not a replacement. not fast. doesn't sync well.. this app needs a lot of work to be reliable and usable. no matter how many times i sync it doesn't actually sync to the web apps data. it keeps logging me off the fingerprint option. this might be designed in there because human fingerprints change very often? correct?
great app. it's quick and easy to learn. prefect for me.
consistent. consistently bad. just like the qb for mac was unreliable and terrible, and purposely left that way to push customers over to qb online, this is no different. buggy, unreliable software is about the only thing intuit excels at.
. mobile invoicing, categorizing expenses, pandl, ect. powerful. get it to save money and sky rocket efficiency in business. sooo good!
does not work in india. it is not operational in india... looking forward that it will be made available in this region soon.
worst customer support ever. worst customer support in history. using their software and need cs is the best ticket to drive you out of business.
fantastic application. i love this app. it let's me manage my expenses and easily invoice on the go. great tool!
. i love the app! there are a few updates i'd like to see on the estimates and order entry fields but it's still saves so much time. it really has changed the way i do business. great app and program.
avoid like the plague!. app doesn't work, says trial expired. customer support are unhelpful and have no idea when it will be fixed. we have a years worth of books on this and now we need to find new software  we've been in business for more than 26 years and have never known service like this. seriously, find another solution. this is not the software you are looking for.
mr. recent updates have slowed both the phone and computer app to a crawl. very frustrating. otherwise a very good app on my phone.
east coaster. i love the online version. i can use my laptop, ipad or iphone to update, send quotes or invoices and even take payments via email.
victorowner. easy and convenient. best investment i’ve made for my business.
quickbooks. has worked very well for me, i'm new to accountinginvoicing software and cannot make comparisons. however this software saves me a great deal of time at quarter end
great. love this app. some glitches but overall great.
. awesome app
pretty complete finance from your phone. i'm not too sure about the need for a separate app for payroll, but this does work as advertised for the most part.
. this app is not working with samsung note 9
trouble with ipad app. hello, i have the app in my iphone and it works great, but i have downloaded the app in the ipad and it tells me: looks like your account doesn’t include access to the quickbooks online mobile app... what i need to do to have access?. please advice! thanks
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
horrible service. very limited in functionality compared to desktop. my company couldn't use it.
not many useful features...yet(?). no access to trial balance or p&l reporting. no access to cash balances. no report writing or report generating capabilities. i guess it's free, but i hope there is a robust pipeline of upcoming features.
awesome app! totally enables business on the go!. businesses on the go!
great for our small business. love a lot about it. easy to use! i don't love that some transactions are hard to recode to another payee. some default and you can change. for the most part i do love it.
what a waste. after trying for over an hour to get pass login , it tells me that i don’t have any services. wasted my time. i’ll just use the android version.
great for small businesses. we own a professional cleaning company on the big island of hawaii and are on the road a lot. this app is great for us for invoicing and writing proposals on the go. every client is important and we are able to service each one promptly and professionally.
. not bad unable to upload historical data really hurts this app.
. great app
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
. very easy and convenient
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
. great app once you get logged in. repeatedly returns to login screen after entering correct password when using google login.
. great app that allows you to run your business on the go!
. absolutely useless!! you cannot access anything except invoicing and payments. un installing right now! what a waste!
. premier retour d'expérience positif après quelques jours d'utilisaton. 4 étoiles car nous cherchons encore quelques outils et la mise en page du devis facture pourrait être amélioré notamment par le rappel de produits déjà rédigés et les principaux outils gras italique taille de police
highly recommend. i highly recommend this app. i run my business with quickbooks online and use this app daily. i use it to create estimates and invoices mostly but also look up look up costumers balances and run reports.
very disappointed. i'm very disappointed because i have been unable to login on with my iphone or macbook pro. i tried to get help through customer service but all i got was a link. very disappointed!!
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
paid app. app costs 8.99 a month
crashes, not usable, nexus 5x. crashes and no longer usable on a stock nexus 5x on android 6.0.1. app is now useless to me on my phone which is a major problem.
mobile app. convenient and easy too use!
great app. i travel constantly and this app allows me to keep up with my bookkeeping wherever i am
. great app
. this app has told me there is a temporary problem on and off for approximately the past 12 months. this app is detrimental to my business. please fix asap!
great app. so helpful. i love the signature on smartphone for delivery confirmation. wish i could process bank statements and send customer statements on the go though.
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up!
makes my life easier!. keep it up
. absolutely wonderful, works well along with mileage tracker, would hate to be without it
. the app is horrible. doesn't update ky information, ia like a month behind. very frustrating. you are good at billing me every month, that part is up to date🙄.
using for almost 30 yrs and about to quit. very sad that they charge for every issue now, to pay a bill, to use an invoice, even to do a credit for a vendor. it's going to be less expensive to hire a book keeper!
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
keeps getting better and better!. indispensable for small businesses. qb online and ipads are a big part of our ability to maintain triple digit growth year over year.
application bug. depuis la mise a jours de ios 13 je ne suis plus capable de facturer mes clients . j’espère qu’il va avoir un correctif rapidement merci
. live this app
. great app for small business! easy set up and it provides accounting that i can print and submit with my taxes
awesome. great program
quick book rocks. best accounting package ever made. it links to your bank . cards directly. no need of much accounting knowledge. provide login to your accountant. operate from anywhere.
. does what i need when i don't have computer access.
biggest disappointment. the biggest disappointment is no ability to do purchase orders. when i’m out in the field this is a huge disadvantage and i still have to break out the laptop!
poor functionality. constant crashes inability to complete selected tasks poor functionality this app try’s hard but doesn’t quiet make it with its functions. it didn’t at all shot me but that’s what the 3 day free trial is for. i wasn’t going to rate this app but after they charged me $10.50 for a 1 month subscription after i cancelled and deleted the app; i will rate it
. they said in your invoice that you can cancel anytime and it's not true! it has a glitch and i couldn't cancel it. make me lost two days trying to cancel it and then even charge me the month and did not give back my money. they went from 17 dollars a month to 40 dollars per month! don't never quickbooks
great for small business. tried 30 day trial. can't wait to purchase! love the ease of doing my daily paperwork.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
update is awful.. please fix the app. it was great until the last update!! can't even get tech support without it crashing.
. unable to edit or delete products on setup pretty disappointed couldnt load suppliers not an easyapp at all. plus the set tutorial is different to app presented for 10.95 a month
would never trade qbs. you guys are incredible, from customer service to product. i've been a customer for years and this app just tops it all off. love the ability to have as much in one. payroll, invoice, file attachment i can go on and on! keep it up!
great app. great app. only wish that it had payroll on it.
latest update is garbage. app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
why do you need so many permissions?!. why the hell would quickbooks need to use my microphone, contacts, wifi, camera, location, calender etc etc. if these are features, let us turn them on inapp rather than forcing us to let you profile us and sell our data
great for contractors. on the go app that helps with contracts and invoices . i can use ipad or even phone to show my clients and get approval and signature for new contracts . just what i was looking for
subscription errors. nothing but problems since january. i switched from the download to the app so i could do it at home and it's been nothing but problems, and not even the same ones!!! i have 2 companies, it's june, and i'm still trying to get this straightened out to input this years data.
scam. not happy since day one. i got totally scammed. not very helpful but exceptionally good at taking your money. they can’t do anything technical and continually stuffed up my app so it was unusable. i’m now suspicious and worried as they have access to my finances and data. i will look at fair trading to report the company as i cannot get a refund either.
. it's doesn't work in india
. litterally trash. never works. double invoices . deletes things. stayed loyal as they have promised fixes for over a year now. nothing but a waste of time
am going to give 4 stars. so far so good am enjoying this new software. only thing i can't get to work so far is printing with note 3 and printshare click the print button and it does nothing
great app!. a must for a small business owner!
. great app for the on the go contractor. i can invoice, send a receipt from anywhere.
awesome app. i was hesitant going to the monthly subscription, but it has been awesome always having access to my business account. the app looks and works just like the desktop app on my mac.
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
. i do invoices and print from my recliner. love this app. and sometimes generate estimates minutes after finishing my work before leaving the clients home. very convenient !!
terrible. this app has so many problems. it will freeze up and the only way to fix it is to delete he app and download it again. i wii ok old not recommend.
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
small business. works for our small business, sending invoices is a breeze. just wish it had time sheets to keep track of our employees.
not a user friendly apps. not flexible
not updating. my receipts and income is stuck.
great app for accounting on the go!. i don't know why people are disappointed in this app it's an app, not an entire accounting software. plus it's free! i love this app. i can create, manage & send invoices on the go. that's all i need to do. it has a simple interface. kudos to qb.
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
. no expenses apple app has expenses. android does not. somebody please explain me logic of it. android ppl only care to make money? we spend nothing! yey
. worst decision ever do not waste your money. i wish i chose a different way to balance my company books. the customer service is absolutely atrocious. theu mislead you when selling the product to you. don't waste your money!!!!!!!
great. easy to take a payment while out at work. and they are all ways updating and improving. very good. highly recommended
incomplete. well laid out and functional. without banking though it's not as useful as i'd like.
. no response from tech support does not work on my moto x running 4..2. 2. i have sent email twice with no response.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
. great app i love it
great app  not all features. great app. need to be able to cut purchase orders while on the road . . . not there yet.
. will not honor my subscription. extremely unhelpful support, giving me the run around. 1 week into paying, still no use of the app, and they will not help!
flawless. first app that i've used that really hasn't had any problems at all. i do most on my computer but this is nice to have in case you're in a jam
this update is total trash!!!!. errors on just about everything i try to do and things save twice and web pages aren't ready for ipad pro! don't update!!!!!
. keeps stopping mileage tracking, gives me message about battery optimisation....... now my phone is on 247 so unless the fairies are messing with my phone when i'm asleep there is a problem! getting answers from qb is nigh on impossible!
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
extremely limited. to be honest, this app does almost nothing i would want it to do. if all you want to do is record payments or call a business contactgreat. if you actually want to keep up with your business (banking, reports, employees, payroll, etc) on the go, this app is near useless. i can't imagine why you would pay to use this. even free i am deleting right away so it doesn't waste any more of my time or space.
qb. use it for my farm. fantastic app
. doesn't even work on a cell phone. followed tech instructions and still get an error message...
good so far. it seems good so far, will update later when i actually have time to form an opinion. it keeps begging for a review so here..
. good app
app crashes on ios13.0 & 13.1. i’ve just updated the app and it’s still crashing on ios13.0 and also 13.1. i have tried to make contact with the developers via the support page but it also loads to blank pages after opening chat.
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
it's a great app.. good to create invoices on the run, and keep track of your business. my only complaint is that there is no place to put in a po or job name. i would also like if customers could sign with a stylist or finger on a touch screen phone. i have a samsung note 3 and would like to see that option. but still a good app.
can't log in. crashes every time i try to log in. reinstalled twice. no go.
. great app
let's me keep my members accounts current. i need to be able to scan credit card's and and take payments from my members at our weekly meetings and this app helps me see their balance and details at a glance. i'd be lost without it.
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
awesome!. so easy to categorize expenses and view financial statements in seconds!
easy to use. a very easy to use software that is cloud based with a great phone app. i’ve been using this for some time now and it evolves every year. most for the best. a helpful help call centre should you have any problems. 4 stars as i don't believe you can back this up
impressed. i put off upgrading to online version after using quickbooks pro for five years, struggling to enter online direct debit expenses and payments. online version makes entering data easy and efficient. such a time saver for me. well done intuit! definitely worth the monthly subscription fee.
love the app. wish though we could do the same on the phone i can do on the computer.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
two factor log in broken. can't log in since the app was updated, it just crashes after i enter my login details
. quickbooks support is worse than horrible... customer service is not reachable and they do not give proper timely responses for queries raised online... this is a product that has zero support options!!!
. very hard and confusing to use i was lead to believe it would be simple and easy but having spent hours going back and forward i think im going to cut my losses and stick to letting my accountant do it all
. so simple to use! i normally use qb from my computer but the app works just as well while onthego.
touchid times out. unfortunately the touchid authentication doesn't work as you'd expect. the app constantly asks for you to enter a password even with it enabled.
. helps me, my customers, and my accountant!!
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be. please fix back
quickbooks. super easy to use! i was able to backlog and bring my business up to speed with quickbooks within a few hours after downloading quickbooks! operating the app is fun and accessible!
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
it's a good app. it would be even better if it would have the tax info. in the drop down menu, that way i could pay my taxes from my mobile device 😕
a1. great saves money time talks to my accountant, does estimates, converts to invoice simple
. great app!
. very easy to use mobile app means i can invoice quickly!
bad update. last update renders the app useless
incredibly glitchy. the app is glitchy despite updates. i’m not super impressed by intuit in general. i use their payroll for my business, a lot of glitches there too. app crashes or spontaneously exits my selections to “accept” for no reason and i have to start over. does not learn well, i have to reteach things over and over.
crashing. 4.0+ crashes on startup on cm13. however 3.9 works fine.
. i like it makes my life easier
entering bills?????. why have intuit decided not to support bill entering on this app?!? it great i can import my paper receipts using the camera, but whats the point if i can't enter as a bill only an expense?!?
app is pants. the app was working perfectly until ios10! now opens for .5 second and crashs! how do i run my business accounts on the go!!!! fix needed today!!!
needs improvement. very few items can be done via app. you can look up balances. needs more work.
barely useable. it's a great idea, but too many features of the online version are not accessible on the app. perhaps the qb folks are working on upgrades
. can't add items i used to live this app. i wished it would work when i add a item. to my invoices evertine i tap add item and choose my item to add it says error add item. it reallly stinks because i loclve using this app while i am in the road. now i habe to bring my computer and take time to find wi fi hot spots to use my computer please fix thia problem. our help me fix it
no access to payroll. the app seems to have a menu for everything except payroll. i find these types of oversights all over quickbooks online glaringly obvious features that are incomprehensibly missing and customer service has no answers. don't waste your time.
seriously easy software. great app for a great product!
dangerous. this app would like customer number, passcode and security number if you want to sync bank accounts. this has been confirmed by lloyds, bank of scotland and santander that doing this is dangerous. as you are giving them information they need to access your account and if anything went missing you would not be protected and this information should not be inserted at anytime
great app!. i love the mobility of the app. it helps me stay on top of my bookkeeping work while i'm on the go. makes managing multiple businesses that much easier!
it's about time!. quickbooks online and the cloud sync apps for iphone and ipad is nothing short of amazing...it's about time and wow they did such an amazing job with the whole experience. i love that i can make a receipt for a customer on the spot on my iohone or ipad.
easy to follow. app is easy to follow even if you are not an accountant.
. i like the software however it is still a bit confusing. i will need to spend more time training
crash with ios13. app does not launch.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
. love how easy this app make doing business.
. i can show up on the job given an estimate 10 minutes later i've got a down payment , and the confirmation to do the job i've never had this ever before in my life
still useless for me. all i want to do is add my time activity and delayed charges for my clients via my iphone. that's my necessary daily task. i don't need to look at my balance sheet every day, change my company information, or customize my default email message with my iphone.
. naughty. doesn't tell you untill you've down loaded and set up it's only a free trial. now looking through it i can't find anywhere to delete to make sure i'm not charged.
. great app, very ready to track income and expenses. making and tracking invoices is so easy even easier then on the computer, reports and everything is really easy to access and track.
very good!. really does help to keep everything at your finger tips, it's a convenient way to keep track of your earnings and invoices. one quick glance and you know where your company is at! 👍🏻
superb accounting app. the only mobile app i recommend if you are into real estate. it makes my job as a small real estate owner easier and smarter. thanks quickbooks for this amazing app. great job on maintaining it. cheers! 👍🥂
. awesome app that assists me to carry out my personal finance activities
great, but missing one thing.. the only thing this app is missing is a way to input hours on my time sheet.
. this just makes things so much easier to keep track of and you give customers more, and easier ways to pay.
mileage tracker not working.. so far quickbooks support has not been able to get the mileage tracking feature to work on my phone. iphone6. won’t manually of automatically track mileage and wb support has not resolved or explained why. partial functionality is not good enough!
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!! also, the separation of vendor mtce from vendor transactions is opposite of the web interface. same for customers.
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
good but needs more. i love this app and use it every day  it has taken me from doing my accounts once a year and being ridiculously late with invoicing, to on the spot invoicing and totally up to date with everything ... except receiving payments
new update keeps crashing. well ever hour or two it crashes while i am in the middle of looking things up or when i am making an estimate for a customer. and this is with the pastiest update. oh and it keeps telling me there is a new update, but i already have it. fix it, my renewal is coming up and you aren’t the only game in town
great app. perfect for all your business on the run needs.
easy accounting for nonaccountants. i am not an accountant by training, so many of the concepts were foreign to me when i first started using quickbooks. however the simple format, and easeofuse made it an easy transition for me to do most simple accounting techniques. i was able to quickly use it and soon it became an essential business analysis tool and essential for forecasting and trending.
one of the worst decisions ever!. i decided to move forward with quick books because of a friend recommending it to me. this has been one of the worst experiences ever. the customer service is terrible and the fact that quick books owes me money is even worst. i highly recommend that no one uses this service.
. love it, very easy to use. excellent customer service
lifesaver. i love this app, it saves me so much time on the road and so much paperwork later.
elecsmart electricians ltd london. great app could do with some tweaks here and there but 5 stars are given !
. great software. will continue to use as long as it makes sense for my business!
. great app for my small buisness. quickbooks is always improving. best customer service when you have questions.
new and improved. i waited a long time to change over to the online version per the advice of my accountant. it was worth the wait. it's a much better version and easier than the regular version of qb
errors galore and inability to log into client accounts. i’m so disappointed with this app. as an accountant it would be handy to log into client accounts and check figures or enter small changes, but more often than not, i receive an error message and cannot log in. the issue renders this app completely useless.
". what app is it .. ""unable to sign up"" over and over again,"
useless  data download errors. the app worked great for the past couple years and now all the sudden it keeps crashing when trying to download my data. i own a mobile business and now i'm having to preplan and print invoices before i show up because the app is useless.
. after create id , app can't proceed for making company. when you touch curcel reload page automatically. how can proceed to next step? so i not suggest this app.
. this app keeps getting error loading items, to invoice and estimates can't use it. i call them for support and they have no support they referred me to log in on the web site and the same happens the search button flashes and dispensers. don't waste your time and money. if any one know about a good and reliable app let me know. this one is not reliable nor is their support.
love it!. qb is stunningly simple yet superbly sufficient to handle our business needs for invoicing clients, reporting ar and preparing us for yearend taxes. the mobil app is equally impressive!
. keeps asking me to install new version, have un installed and re installed but keeps sending me back to here to install so cant open my app! not what's needed when running a business.
very user easy. this app is great. very user friendly!
convenient access to financial information. we recently switched over from the desktop version of qb and have found the app to be a convenient way to view financial statements. i also really like the ability to take pictures of receipts and attach them to expenses from my mobile phone.
qb app !!!. love the app ! now with the new update i can log in with touch id :))) how fan, and saving much time.
grateful for this software. i have an easy time figuring it out. overall i like this app. thanks would like to have a few other features like an easy way to delete mistakes. 102014. the customer support and tech support is awesone! fast, accurate and efficient! thank you.
ease of use. simple and intuitive. makes it easy to review accounts on the go and create invoices onsite.
not so great. appears so different on mobile then desktop. allot of functions not available in the app. can’t really use it on the go. for example cannot fill the site details on app as it dose not appear.
crashes. keeps crashing. can't use app at all.
. love it! the invoice screen isn't super userfriendly, but everything else is great so far.
managing partner at green mesa capital, llc. a very useful app. i can do everything i want through this app. in addition, the app has features the browser does not have, like the expense receipt capture.
. love this app. i've been running my small business for 2 years using it and it's been great.
excellent once setup. i run my whole business on quickbooks. it was a little tricky to set up initially but once my bookkeeper had given it the once over, everything was perfect. great stock management system that ties in to the invoices and hooks in with the business bank account. this makes self assessments etc very easy and saves loads of time. very happy :)
subscription renewal poorly thought out. i have been using qbonline for more than a year. it picked the worst time to time out and demand a subscription renewal. further it requires multiple logins and you must be st your desk top. nothing more frustrating than what amounts to a software crash when you are trying to get things done. huge fail quickbooks
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
great program!. very easy to use!
. this software has been critical in keeping track of invoices.
feedback. the app would be better if you were able to enter bills not just expenses. very annoying to have to also use my desktop computer to finish my book work.
. very good and intuitive, i had trouble recording all my sales, but it's super practical with the app
great app. makes life easy. one addition will make it perfect. add journal entry to the app.
great app. works great for invoicing or estimating on the go. 5 stars if it was completely synced to my laptop. sometimes i don't see estimates that were done in the office available to seeedit on the mobile app.
qb app !!!. love the app ! now with the new update i can log in with touch id :))) how fan, and saving much time.
great improvement!. makes entering expenses & invoicing so much easier.
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
. quickbooks banking is my favorite part of the app, because it's easy you catergorise all your expenses and incomes. the dashboard shows an overview of your financial situation.
. info lost. i was using the service for my business last year and started in march. in november the app crashed. when it did all my saved receipts mileage and info was lost. i can't even login any longer. when i called they said there is no support for the app except online. so i cant even speak to a rep. so all my info gone and i'm still being charged for a year and a half now for a service that never existed.
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
no inventory tracking, no reminder. very disappointed with this no inventory tracking, no reminder for the app no not also for me its pointless quickbooks you better fix it i am cancelling my subscription
. very simple to use.
. awesome app, everything and more than expected
app not working on iphone. i’ve been trying to install the app on my iphone (6s) with the current version of ios for the past couple of months. the app downloads and installs. when i tap the app to open it, the screen briefly shows the intuit quickbooks logo and then closes. i called support but the told me to go to apple. the ability to use the app to capture receipts etc was a big draw to using quickbooks online. very disappointed.
terrible app...... terrible app it does not work. since last update👿
app problems. app keeps crashing haven’t been able to create invoices for days
best thing i did for my business. very easy to learn and work with. now i can make invoices on my phone, tablet or computer and get paid fast. plus it is easy to pay employees and keep track
. please add support for whattsup business app
. perfect tool. easy to learn and use it
. worse app ever, doesn't let you view your receipts through phone. useless for my business. biggest waste of money i have spent so far.
crashes with ios 13. just a heads up. when you try to take a picture of a receipt to upload to the account, the app freezes up and you can’t continue on. restarting the app doesn’t work either.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
. android user app is convenient and easy to maneuver. i lile that i can remain productive on the go!
. love the phone app!
loved the app until banking disappeared. i mainly use my computer to do most of our accounting but loved having the app so i could accept banking transactions during short periods of downtime thereby keeping our bank balance up to date all the time. then today i went to catch up on accepting transactions and banking has totally disappeared from the menu. help! what happened? i deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail.
needs a calendar interface. great app, a clickable calendar link would make it more user friendly
won't work after update. won't work after update
qbo mobile  love it!. i love having my books at my fingure tips. i can create invoices, record payments on the spot, and get a pedicure all at once! love it!
. an absolute must for small business.. and seek advice from tech support before assuming. functionality isn't there. ive had no problems... gives me confidence in my books
. takes a lot of youtube to learn how to use the app but i love it!
quickbooks online review. no longer works on nexus 6p. intuit support unableunwilling to help.
. it keeps logging me out. this is a pain in the ass. please fix this.
. ok for a mobile app
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
. update... application remains impossible to use on both ios and android devices. invoice matching for banking transactions is painful particularly when there are many invoices to match to a single banking transaction and application seems to refresh in the background which causes matches to be lost before completing. not worth installing till these issues are fixed meaning web based invoice matching is the only option... have wasted hours of my time on both ios and android based applications...
. awesome app makes invoicing and tracking payments easy
great app. i use this everyday for my landscape business. couldn't do it without it. thanks!
. great app!
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
. the app offers no simple means to cancel your account should you wish to do so. their help desk also seems eager to push you off on to other, equally unhelpful venues. they also informed me that once i manage to cancel my account (if even possible) they will continue to hold on to my personal information, defeating the point of cancelling an account.
problems. what my bookkeeper is finding is payments being applied to the wrong invoices. it’s really messed things up. from the checks being deposited from my bank. also, for some reason my quickbooks is duplicating invoices. i will have to erase the app and download again.
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
rip off. installed as companion to desktop. feature guide limited to decide which online version to choose. chose simple version since my needs are simple... no, wrong version, could i upgrade, no... support desk said i’d then lose the introductory half price... changed version... losing £6... chose next tier up for billing, £9 per month... no, wrong version again... so i’ve lost £15 and now need to upgrade to the plus version... beware folks, money grabbing machine.
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
. makes my life so much easier.
presently surprised. i really did not want to move away from the desktop version i purchased, back when that was a thing. however, i am really enjoying being able to create invoices, collect payments, etc. while on the go. so i suppose i will get used to this payasyougo thing ;)
great. great for uploading expenses on the run.
. worst app ever. unsubscribed after week as the app wasn't what i needed. charged anyway after unsubscribe. tried to reach customer service by chat, the chat keeps disappearing until the moment that doesn't work at all. horrible
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
"enjoying quickbooks online. easy to use interface and they are frequently updating features. my only complaint is that sometimes when searching for sent invoices it won't recognize, for example 74, when it's ""invoice 2015074"""
. i've used qb for 8 years. this app is the better and more seamless than the pc version. love the capability to invoice customers on the job, record payments and send a receipt in seconds.
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
easy to use. good layout but would be really useful if the suppliers element was added
a good start. i have 19 overdue invoices and quickbooks sent me 19 alerts about it, telling me i have 19 overdue invoices, all at the same time. how about sending 1 alert only?
. terrible...i am still trying to cancel the trial period...i contacted them via phone, email and followed all heir instructions amd nothing...the section to cancel doesnt exit for me ..they keep repeating the same and avoid t9 answer.
limited company. absolutely brilliant. allows me to create and send clients invoices no matter where i am. without doubt the best accountsbusiness management system available. so simple to use and effective
. nice niceeee
"cumbersome. cumbersome and clunky to deal with. constantly checking to make sure i'm not a robot. security is appreciated but this is ridiculous and really slows me down. used to be good but got updatedtweaked""improved"" past the point of being useful. now i dread having to use it."
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app and also purchase invoice with itemised discounts option should provided in app
. ease of use. it's very helpful to invoice and receive payments using my phone while still with a client
makes things sooo easy. can send invoices on the go. super easy. love it! total game changer!
great app!. works great on a samsung galaxy s5. features are coming along nicely. it would save a step to be able to add another expense from one just saved without having to back up from that record but no complaints otherwise.
. scammers!!!! worst mistake you can make! this company is a bunch of scammers. i used this service for about a week and found that i can't stand it, so i canceled over a year ago. my credit card still gets charged 40 bucks every month. i've got my credit card company involved and everything. this company sucks!!!
checking the books on the go. great app to have on the run
love it. i'm no doing anything super sophisticated but i love the app. easy to use to keep invoices and expenses current on the go!
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
can't match bank transactions reliably. the only reason i use this app is to match bank transactions when i have some 'down' minutes. lately, they keep getting kicked back to me, so i have to match them on my pc anyway. also, you don't have access to both memo and description, so your notes don't appear in reports if you add the transaction though a bank connection.
. easy to use. minor software glitches occassionally but great !
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
quickbooks  issues and problems. i thought this may be reputable like the brand. boy am i surprised. can't even call to get proper support. they think that a 48 hours turnaround on a request is acceptable these days...for your important accounting software. give others a look first, this online version is lacking what the desktop has.
keeps crashing. i can't do anything with the app. every time i try to open it, it closes out about 5 seconds later. worked great until the last update.
. dont download this update if your using an lg phone... after update unable to sign in... i get thru the sign in screen then it crashes... pos
switching between account requires logout and login. so annoying, especially since there is no support for touch id. why can't you let us switch from within the app?
. perfect, paperless invoices and perfect for on the go businesses.
. best way to keep books. great way to run reports and see profits and losses
almost useless. the app is good for sending invoices only. don't expect to be able to do any other business on the app. the mobile site is about as good as healthcare.gov. you can look at some things but forget everything else. again good for sending invoices only. i expected more from a established company.
quickbooks. very good app i will purchase after my trial thanks
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
really good software. i just wish the software team will work on all the glitches and fix the way done windows freeze... also they need to add to quickbooks online and make it more flexible accounting wise just like the desktop version
"brilliant!!!!. works like a dream with qb online. i can finish a job and then send the invoice from my phone (whilst sitting at home drinking a cuppa!). just include ""totals"" for estimates and sales invoices please!"
ipad app. please update your app to be more like the desktop version...i can not track inventory received through the ipad app i purchased and ipad pro hoping to do away with my laptop and so far its been seamless, except for this app not being able to track inventory received. i hope your developers can figure this out before my 8 year old laptop crashes! thanks
. love this app!
pretty good. it has improved over the years but still needs work. one thing that needs improved is that once an invoice is created its harder to edit a line item without deleting it and reentering the line item. entering payments is not as easy with the app is it is with the web based version. i always use the web based version when possible.
not pleased. for one i still can't redownload the app after i accidentally deleted it. it's been months. i hit the cloud button and it does nothing. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
it’s having to log in constantly. i’ve been having a really problem with my ipad six generation lately, anytime i exit the app while writing up a quote and bounce backandforth between the information i need to enter into quickbooks. the app suffers a critical crash causing me to login several times with in an hour span. are there any bug fixes coming up? i suffer the same issue with my iphone xr and ipad pro.
a good idea but not very useful yet. there is not access to the important online reports. there is no access to fx transactions or accounts in a foreign currency. i live overseas and bill my clients in us dollars and as such have no access to client information or us dollars sales and accounts. if the app mirrored the online program it would be great but it doesnt!!
quickbooks app. great app. really useful.
needs better support. i thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
playback publishing. good accounting app
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
. very happy using this app
. still new but love the invoicing but accounts payable is hard to manage from mobile phone
estimate layout. i like the way the app works, i have problems when i need to include a lot of info on the estimates. when i send it it leaves the first page blank and cuts of some of the info on the second page. overall great though!
. it used to be a great app. but they even do not allow me to login anymore.... i did change the password so many times and did uninstall and install the app. now, i need to go back to my old iphone or lapy for my bookkeeping:(
really helpful. i now send me my invoice as soon as i finish my job and get paid immediately.
could use improving. i love that i can quickly post payment and send invoices, but there needs to be a way to see everything and use all of the features. a contractors version would rate more stars from me.
nothing adds up. when you run a business you want your numbers correct. i don't have time to troubleshoot why your software can't add a simple paypal balance and leaves transactions out. your fired!
. your log in process is pathetic. its always asking me to verify and that process takes over an hour most of the time as it keeps resetting to the main log in screen. if you can't fix this i'll cancel my subscription
finally. i am now not as lazy taking care of the books for the business. as soon as a customer pays me i am able to record it and not dread the end of the month or tax season.
will not let me access my info!!!. ever since i got new phones for my technicians ,samsung s5, i have not been able to access any of my customers, transactions, or invoices. i use qbo for my business, but have now lost all mobile capabilities. if not resolved, i will be forced to use a different accounting software. 5 stars if working properly.
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
very slow. this app is very very slow.. 10 minutes to load , another 10 minutes to load customer screen, and 15 minutes to apply 1 payment
works well. works great across all devices. very convenient. great time saver. excellent app.
amazing app. wouldn’t be able to run my business without quickbooks. thank you for the prompt ios 13 update!
easy to use. hey it's worth the money easy to understand and help you to keep track of everything access anywhere .this is the future! thank you quickbooks
. consistently slow and glitchy. slightly better than the computer program, but still not the most user friendly.
ok... like seriously. i’ve used this app for 2019 mileage and expense tracking. but every week i have to reconnect my bank account. like every single week! why?? i don’t have time to do that. fix this! or i’ll be forced to find a better working service!
great product. been using qb for 10+ years. moved into the online qb and have been more than pleased. other than the occasional tweak, it's been helpful and easy to use. support is fantastic as well. and,,,,,, they speak english! yeah! thanks qb!. awesome
android user. would give it 5 stars if product button was available as it is on apple. great app, easy to use.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
. great app very user friendly. the mobile app is still a bit limited as i cant do statements from it but once on the laptop everything can be done
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software. update: this was a problem they had seen and were working on. they fixed it and informed me of the fix a few hours later. working now.
good application. very useful and handy app. thanks qb
custom invoices & estimates. this is a bad design
. quickbooks decided that my clients credit cards were not verifiable. they have withheld funds for me for 270 days even though my clients my bank and mastercard called them to confirm that everything was fine. i would recommend using anything else other than quickbooks
. amazing app, i literally use it everyday. you need this app if you have your own business.
simplifies. this app makes it really easy and fast to manage receipts and expenses.
love it. i'm no doing anything super sophisticated but i love the app. easy to use to keep invoices and expenses current on the go!
love it. they fixed the errors i was having. great app now.
great!. running my business has been so much easier since having quick books! invoices are no longer time consuming or hard :)
great app!!. this app helps me stay connected to my office while being out on jobsites. i can check customer invoices from previous jobs to see what process was done. great app.
support is lost. you talk to them and there continued response is uninstallreinstall.. constant technical problems
bo. very happy with qbo
need to improve!. the sole trader app is great for what i do including logging travel however i am registered for gst and therefore cannot use it. i have to go to the online version and just discovered you have to buy the plus version to link to recommended logbook app. qb you need to provide gst to the sole trader app or at the very least provide the same logbook function for the other qb packages.
. you want a app to work this one does it works as it should
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
not an intuitive product. i'm very disappointed with this product. i've used quickbooks on my laptop for two years as well as the gopayment app. this has been extremely frustrating to setup and use for both my accountant and myself.
unclear and sneaky. nowhere in the app did it say that i needed a different product if i’m selfemployed. so i signed up and paid for my first month without knowing that it wasn’t the right one. i’ve paid double the amount i needed to and not even used it and never will use it. a waste of money. not happy at all.
. cannot log in don't have online subscription
. this app works well for small businesses such as mine. convenience on the go.
awesome product for small business!!. unbelievably convenient! from my imac, to my tablet, to my phone i can access, enter payment, send an estimate, or invoice, etc and it’s all connected because i have online quickbooks. hint: go they intuit directly! itunes was charging me an extra $5 a month. $19.99 a month they intuit and worth every penny!! biggest time saver + unsurpassed professionalism to my customers and speed of connectivity!!
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
easy to use. maybe better than the desktop app...
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software.
. easy to use. love the app, but i keep getting a message that my user role is unsupported so i can't do anything.
. square app is so much easier to navigate on mobile app. plus square has instant deposit. quick books i have to wait 2 buisness days at the least. horrible.
. great app helps my business run smooth and never miss invoices
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
. unworkable garbage. sso doesn't work. can't sign in with otherwise working credentials. leaves orphaned chrome instances running for every failed signon. absolute trash; fire these developers.
zero stars 10.3 is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
app is crap. the quickbooks app very rarely lets us sign in and when it does many of the functions do not work. i’ve contacted customer service which is a complete joke. their suggestion was to check out the message board to see who else may have the problem we have! why? how about fix the problem!
. i've been using quickbooks for a few years. it's been great. but lately i haven't been able to access old invoices or quotes. very inconvenient for past work that we've done. now i'm having a huge issue with latest data not syncing to my device and can't even get into my account. things should be getting better not worse. i've consulted with customer service which hasn't helped either.
suits me. so easy to use, perfect for my tiny business. don't need accounting skills the workflow has been designed very well and support is great.
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
great. i wish i would have used qb a lot sooner. life would have been much easier.
useless  data download errors. the app worked great for the past couple years and now all the sudden it keeps crashing when trying to download my data. i own a mobile business and now i'm having to preplan and print invoices before i show up because the app is useless.
great app...! (sabre rx). great app, really works well now that the new syc app with square has been released.
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
. great app, easy to use, very helpful to track your expenses
. very hard to work with didn't match up with my phone or my tablet.
. great program
vijay. very nice app
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
. easy access to receipt and monitoring funds made and spent
. great app for my business, and very simple for first timers
. recently purchased quickbooks and have been locked out. no reply from the qb team. inspite of sending mails and calling their representatives. thanks to qb; it sucks
. great software !!!
game changer. changed the way i handle my business transactions. from a simple to complex my invoices and estimates are presentable, traceable and accounted for. my reports help me secure loans in a flash. and my accountant loves me.
so close. please add the ability to create sharable links to invoices from the mobile app. that would be incredible
totally useless. as a long time quickbooks user i thought this might be for me. after many frustrating hours trying to figure it out and the seeming absence of help i’m just going to delete it and cancel my subscription. as i said a total waste of time
it's scam don't download 19.99 per month they took from my account. i just did download almost 8 month ago this app they took from my account almost 19.99 per month after cancel also they are robbing very bad don't download at all even no customer service to help you to talk also bad bad super bad
non functional. could not edit invoices, tried to edit terms would not allow very frustrating
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
errors. why you never check your app before you launch it online so many errors no touch id when signing no latest activities update receive payment not working and this just 5 min of use
still can’t attach a receipt. even after the most recent update, i still can’t attach a photo of a receipt. i can select the photo from my library, but the save button has been missing since the last ios update.
. customer service is absolutely horrible. signed up yesterday online. found out customizing invoices function has been broken for 3 months. call this morning to cancel subscription and get a refund. they're answer basically was we've got your money we're not going to refund it. you have been warned stay away from quickbooks
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and redownload it relogin yeah that doesn’t work.
jason arnold. so far quickbooks has been great. their program has some flaws i’m told they are working on. the payroll is very very slow to get up and running. but all i. all it saves me time and money
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
time saver!. this app has decreased the amount of time i used to spend in the office by 75%! it's intuitive and the support is fantastic. a great investment for my small business. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden.
needs some improvement quick books mobile was so much better. when any of my customers get an email it goes into spam and most can't open invoice from intuit sites. one of my customers tried paying invoices from site and that didn't work either. i don't have time to spend all day on phone to resolve continues issues.
1 step forward  2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to redownload all the info. hurry up and wait
". i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it."
president. love this app
excellent. best app to run your business
. love this app love this app
user friendly. quickbooks has saved me so much time and stress! i have a small business and tried excel and failed miserably. but when i switched to quickbooks it took me no time to figure out it could do everything i needed and more! also the customer service is wonderful, anytime i have called for help because i'm terrible at technology they walk me through step by step without making me feel stupid. i'm so happy i switched to quickbooks!!!
great little app. excellent app for basic book keeping invoicing etc and keep up with the book keeping on the fly. but to do the serious stuff you still need to work from a laptop or desktop.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
. great app. very helpful for my small business.
update = crash. haven't been able to use app since updated. disrupting my business. will not open.
the best app out there by far. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far. every update includes a very useful useable option. 👌🏽👌🏽
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
. this app is a huge help. can't run my business without it.
. so easy to use! i wish i had started to use this when i set up my business! it saves me so much time and i can enter transactions from my tablet which is so convenient. i also love the way it links (safely) to my bank account and automatically brings all my transactions into quickbooks. would strongly recommend!
"great app. needs to have a switch company button.. i'm an accountant and this app is great. i can use it on any idevice and it updates everywhere. i'll give it 5 stars bc of its simplicity to use, however, the only gripe i have is that it should have a ""switch company"" button or have a different app for accountants with multiple clients such as myself. please setup the ""switch company"" button soon!"
. user friendly, simple to use.
. love that i can create invoices and estimates on the go. although i would like to manage payroll wirelessly.
quickbooks online mobile. this app is very good and getting better. soon it will be as good as desktop version. thanks quickbooks team.
terrible. try to do estimates on the quickbooks for ipad. it is easier to do on the quickbooks for iphone. intuit needs to get some people like myself with an office any where that using qb online very hard and heavy to beta test there software.
terrible. this software is absolutely horrible. on all platforms.
. sucks...
. would be even more great if you could send your invoice with whattsapp
. update has not fixed this issue! why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
always improving. qbo isn't perfect but it is always improving. this week's update included features for accountants to track their client's pending work, communicate questions and request documents. this is good stuff!
. i have been a quick book user for many years. great business tool. i use it for my construction estimates and invoicing.
". error message that cannot be fix ""cannot add this invoice, if error continues, please contact support"" that cannot be fix from quickbooks my android app been like this close to 1 month cannot create invoices estimates so on my business suffer cause of that, have use regular computer to create what was said. not good for business all subscriptions are active."
business owner. very good app ,thank you
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
great app. first time running a business and this is everything i need i love it
. super customer service!
. great app
plenty to be desired. there are options such as making expenses billable is not available. previously had issues with adjusting tax in the app and the support team told me to use the web based version. what's the point in having an app with features when the support team just tells you use the web version.
. horrible, spent 2 hours trying to cancel subscription. they don't have the cancel button. called them...45 min wait. terrible service.
ease of use app. loving to use app on phone writing invoices.
user. good app but needs more features
aes. great app, worth the investment
silly errors. there are a few silly things that would be so easy to correct. invoice design, and worst of all sending a customer a copy of a paid invoice shows invoice amount as 0.00. not the actual amount and paid.
background usage accounts for 50 percent of battery life. this app completely drains my battery. i thought my battery was broken and was about to replace it, but apple tech report suggested i check on battery usage by app and i discovered quickbooks was the culprit.
poor. this app makes very poor use of the screen real estate of phablet style phones and even worse on ipads. they also removed the comma from the keyboard, so adding additional email addresses to a customer is impossible. generally a poor design, this app is years behind where i should be.
. even though i canceled my subscription 1 month ago, it still continues to withhold money from me.
should have been ready for io13. i waited patiently while running the io13 beta & this app not working. but now that the official io13 public release is available i have to give this 1 star, 0 if i could. the app just crashes!! quickbooks, you should have had your app ready way before this public release.
very user easy. this app is great. very user friendly!
. simple, easy and quick. easy to use and keep your books. highly recommended
. i only gave it a stare so i could write a review! there are hidden fees and bad customer service! i will not recommend this system ever!!!!!!!!!!!!
sign in error. can't even sign in anymore. tried on multiple devices so i know it's not my phone. please fix
great app. i have to switch from another accounting software to quickbooks and every thing is easy to use and easy to navigate.i use it on my phone,desktop in the office.i wish i had it ever since i have been using the other accounts software.
works but needs more.... i would have given 5 stars if i was able to record deposits through the app.
freelance developer. works great to record expenses and keep a copy of receipts.
good program. been using this software for about 6 months now and find it very useful as a sole trader it works for me i can pick up my phone and write an invoice straight away.
great. always easy and concise. great to do my invoices on the road!!
. problems sending invoices. update to customers from ipad doesn't always work. other issues. still a good app.
great app!!!!!. great app for your business. really makes things easier and proactive. it also tracks everything
fabulous. such a pleasure to use for both myself & my clients. thanks qbo.
great app and fair prices. i do all my business through quick books and have had no major problems. the rates on credit transactions are equivalent to any other clearing house and at $30 a month to automate my process is a life saver. great simple to read reports too.
unable to download. it keep saying you already own this app so it will download, but nothing happens
. something happened past few days keeps crashing, can't open the app.
. no online registration on india and trial app
. so easy and saves money on bookkeeping, very simple for non tech savvy
could not login. couldn't login. just unistalled. seems they haven't fixed this issue yet.
disappointed. i just switched from my trusty iphone to an android phone, this app on my iphone was perfect! it had a list of products and services, unlike the android version. it also loaded all the estimates and invoices for all my customers, this android version hardly has any of my past transactions! please make this like the ios app!
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
what did you do?. after the update today i can no longer enter pavements? and my ipad version no longer syncs with my updated info from my phone?! fix it!!!!
amazing, powerfull and simple. switched from sageone and wow, for the same price i get a much better mobile app, that actually do more, and is very simple to use. and the last update made it even better with the overall view.
simply amazing for the newbie!!. as a sole trader, i am so impressed at how simple this product is to use!! it has saved my bacon on a number of occasions!! collating reports at an instant!! not to mention looking professional to my clients every time i send an invoice !! highly recommend this to anyone wanting to commence on the journey of being your own boss!! what a game changer indeed!
good but need more adding. covers all your needs a lot of options, nice app, few missing things like no specific area for the barcode when you creat a new item. it’s friendly use but need more simplicity other than that it’s ok
roy. great for on the go work. would be even better if you could request payment from the app. (ipn) then you get a 10 star.
. poor. this app worked fine for 2 years and now they have recently removed the feature where it automatically adds receipts to transactions. the support morons keep telling me it never existed in the first place but i used it for 2 years! i'm now looking for another app to use in it's stead. avoid it at all costs.
. no services rendered, yet charged for full service payroll. no refund offered or given.
app is good support is horrible. call qb for basic questions lady name amanda hang up on me.. dial back in the she place me on hold for 15 minutes
fabulous!. i really like using qb, i'm a small business owner and once i got the idea of things i find qb relatively easy to use. when integration starts with square it will be 5 stars for me 😊
stopped working. i used to get nice p&l reports on my dashboard. all those reports disappeared after latest iphonr update.
. very useful
great app. does everything i need it to do. it's fast and laid out well. works great on my samsung note 3. but, don't forget to log out, because i quit the app a day ago, opened it back up again today and it brought me back to where i left off without authenticating me again. glad i didn't lose my phone in a cab! it did not time out and log me off my session. other than that, it's great.
user friendly. love quickbooks still getting used to everything it offers
. all the hype and there's no where or way to cancel a subscription.
valuable tool to have in the field. i installed the app, imported company files from my desktop and boom i was doing estimates and invoices in the field.
best app ever!. i run my whole totally green business from my 📱all because of this app. it makes business seem so easy!
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
great fing app!!. i love this app, everything syncs over so well from the web version. it's very simple to use and makes my job a hell of a lot easier!!
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
unhappy. bad program for ipad and android phone. bad customer service. very dissatisfied.
. dont bother if you dont have access to pc or laptop.basic features like editing customer email is not available on mobile devices including tablets.if an invoice isnt sent because the recipient email address sends it back,you have no way of knowing that an error has occurred even when attempting to check via any web browser.caused me £1000's of cashflow headache. contacted customer support,got a nonsensical response.made it sound like the problem is an actual feature of the app and software.
. online is a bit confusing, this is also. but, once you figure things out, it's great to use.
works well for me. i am the only employee of my corporation so my books are pretty simple. i have been using the desktop version for years. i switched to this so i could take pictures of my receipts on the go and have them attached to my books. generally, i'm happy with the online version. makes doing my taxes a breeze.
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
great invoicing app. works great for invoicing needs.
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) then hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. not working on tablet either. please fix asap. update: seems to be fixed now. thank you
great app overall. great improvement to the app. can pull up a lot of information on demand. still need some better viewing of bank register on the app. also need to be able to click on expenses in p&l to drill down into the detail. still a great app, but areas to improve.
unwanted changes. we pay for the service, yet intuit dictates changes to our invoices that have doubled our paper use as well as anger our customers. you make the changes without any notice or options to do otherwise. nasty, mean dictatorial behavior!
nice app. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts.
works great!. i am a new business owner and i have qb online on my pc, ipad and iphone. it is great to be able to record expenses and take photos of the receipts right when it happens rather than waiting until later and possibly forgetting. no issues found so far!
makes it so easy.. it is fast and simple to use. this has been a great addition to my took kit.
. app still sucks. just had to uninstall and reinstall again. happens about every 4 months.
. i love this app easy to track expenses.
. great app
excellent. the app is a great supplement to the online version when i'm on the road. i easily make customer invoices, add expenses that i have purchased. nothing is lost or forgotten. great way to keep everything up to date
. can't create an account. fails every time. can't update due to server failure. no support available either.
. it's a great app but i wish it could do bank recs and have a little more of the web functionality. at least i'm able to do basic billing.
game changer. totally transformed my business. really great software, so informative and nice community to support you. no brainer. can't believe i'm raving about accountancy software!
full functionality missing from mobile app.. quickbooks online and the mobile app do not communicate effectively. it's like running two different programs that aren't fully integrated. mobile app lacks time reports and seamless expense invoicing especially in expense details. attempting to add item descriptions to expense reports does not work. there simply isn't a place for it. also, attempting to view a transaction with time, mileage, or reimbursable expenses results in an unable to view prompt. as such the app gets one star.
awesome job on the ipad app!. really needed this app for quickbooks to keep me mobile. i needed to use quickbooks online but was unable to use my ipad for quickbooks now i can! keep up with the tweaks but i love it!
. the desktop app is great, the mobile android one is bad, it freezes all thr time, crashes, doesn't work.
works great. i live how i can edit and emails invoices on the go. as well as having all my credit card processing all tied in. so customers can pay invoiced from the actual invoice and not have to include other services.
great app. works great for customer signature!
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. how did this pass quality control?
existing customers badly treated. this company refuse to permit existing customers to switch to (the less expensive) simple start package even when they meet all criteria. go elsewhere instead.
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
mileage tracking horrible. the mileage tracking is an absolute nightmare. stop trying to use my current locating and let me actual choose the locations i have saved. so, frustrating when your trying to bounce from job to job.
if you have an issue reload the app.. that fixed my problem and it works great now.
. lacking abundantly completely unprofessional, there's about 5 options, you can't even put together an invoice that you could realistically give to a customer. i'm very very disappointed.
. great app
good. wish i could do payroll on the app too
great app. the only thing i would change is making the app run things like the “report” section so that i could view profit and loss in categories such as “classes” or ‘’cashaccural” and add the ability to view and record sales tax payments. other than that this app is amazing and i don’t know how i would run my business without it.
. after uninstal , this program still take 6.99£
cool app. i would have given it 5 stars, but it just doesn't have the power that i'm used to with the real quickbooks, but it's ease of use and functionality is still great for a new app.
reduced feature set. previous version:the feature set of the web based app is not matched. (previous mentioned currency and time records). update: removed a lot of preexisting functionality and did not add any missing functions. much worse than before. cannot find a list of invoices due to a supplier. clicking on a particular supplier brings up only the address particulars.
does not intergrate with the desk top versions and is way more expensive. i bought the desk top version because i was told the app would work with it. now they are discontinuing the app and forcing users that need mobile access to use this, but it does not share data with the desk top version. it would not be so bad except that i bought and paid for qb for windows 2014 and is substantially more expensive in the long run.
error. when i'm create account, step after company name creation, always getting server error. and i can't even try this app without broken registration. :(
great software. i have a small pest control business. this software is exactly what i was needing. between quickbooks with invoicing and the calendar on my phone, i don't need to get any of those high price business softwares....
. this app has one major flaw in my view. my bank transactions do not update unless i go through the website and update it there. this is probably the only reason i have this app. this is very annoying and i have contacted quickbooks about this issue and they are not helpful. they tell me to go to the website and update it there! would be a great app if they fix this issue.
great app!. this app makes using accounting software extremely easy and convenient! so easy to go from phone, tablet, and pc.
quickbook. i like it very much when making a invoice for a new customer you can just get all info transfered out of contacts. also helps keep your sales entered in real time
disaster to sign out. i happened to see this app and found it is interesting to scan invoices but turns to be that i have to be a “company” to use it and have to pay so much for it! so expensive!!!!!!
. works great very user friendly! just wish i could sync it with my square app
so much better than sage. we moved from sage to this and haven’t looked back. the app is better and the links to banks work (unlike sage). the help and support is better than sage too. all in all, well worth a trial.
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
awesome. great app! making bookkeeping much more enjoyable!
quickbooks mobile app. awesome app that let's me quickly and easily access and review what is happening at my business especially when i am away!
time saver. i highly recommend this app, specially for small business. quick, easy and in combination with service m8 it's all i need.
broke!. worked perfect but for some reason it doesn't at at all anymore. crashes at login. i have deleted and reinstalled same issue. this is costing me time and money. really stinks.
crashes on open. useful app until this update. it crashes on open, both on ipad and iphone. cannot do business this way...
great app!. love it! i like being able to use quickbooks from any device. easy to use.
works sometimes. account synchronization works sometimes. paypal often stops working until i log out and log back in online. bank account takes days to update. not a great app. integration. integration needs some work.
love this app!!!!!. thank you this app is amazing!
. great app
stopped working after the update. this was working great until the software update last week. now i end up creating multiple copies of invoices and estimates and the app just freezes on the saving screen. i can only finish off by logging in through a web browser and completing the task. please fix this fast intuit!
. excelente app
. well app
it's great. enjoy this app
nice app. excellent app
. love this app, saves me a lot of time keeping all business details together, everything at your fingertips. great at tax time, bas time and just a great all round. a couple of things i don't like but i'm trying others ways to get around it.
amazing apps！. so amazing！
great. i haven't had any trouble with quick books. it's easy to create customers and vendors. i am able to quickly submit expensessales transactions into the app and emailing customer receipts is a snap. it gives my company a professional edge and my account is going to be a happy camper!
. great app, sometimes had trouble with login
. good app gives me all the basics on my phone
. been able to keep on top of my record keeping so much easier
"great app!. easy to use and good customer service. i used the ""chat online"" service. very helpful and especially like that i can email a copy of the chat conversation to myself."
"disappointing. if you also make ""mint"", why make your subscription service app so much worse? mint is great. this app is not."
. so far go good. very nice app for tracking my business
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
working great. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me.
. use qb for all my book keeping, estimates and invoices.
amazing. is a great app, i love doing all our book work from my phone. anywhere anytime. only down full is i can't do the pay run on the app or phone internet. i need a laptop or computer to do it. other than that, great!
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
outstanding. fix individual entry format for android for a 5 star rating.
excellent. does everything i need & it synchronizes with other apps i use.
. very useful, simple, and advantageous over other apps when it comes down to the feasibility and quick access.
cloud attachments  well done!. i've been waiting years for the ability to attach files to an invoice from a cloudbased source and it's finally here in this release. thank you! now my computer usage is 99% ios, independent of a desktop.
need customer signature. please provide customer signature for android like you guys did for ipad...
. i've been trying to use this app for months and months. it doesnt work, and nobody has done anything about the problems even though there are numerous complaints and bad reviews. i'm getting ready to stop paying for quickbooks and find something else. i mainly wanted to us the app for taking pictures of receipts, but due to the syncing issues, i can't submit more than one receipt picture without the app hanging or freezing. i've tried reinstalling, clearing cache, etc. with no luck.
so amazing!!!!!. this has made my life so easy with estimates and invoicing.
love!!. the quickbooks app is absolutely perfect! when handling business on the go and clients are making payments, i can easily create an invoice andor sales receipt. makes my job easier. it tracks all of our business expenses, profits and losses. this is great!
. will not load dashboard. has not worked in a month. i've tried uninstalling and downloading a fresh version. nothing helps. we are a business user and this is a real inconvenience.
. ive been in business for years greatperfectawesome...invoices on the smartphone that save accross all devices!
. everything i need and so easy to use as a consultant. i invoice and make banking and purchase entries in real time, i no longer need to sit for long periods of time playing catch up.
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
. great app.
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution
intuitive and very useful!. i'm surprised at how easy this app is to use and how much functionality it has. i'm able to do pretty much all of my typical day to day tasks within this app. it's extremely useful to be able to quickly put together an estimate for a client from my phone or categorize a transaction. intuit, you've done a great job here!
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
great, but need voice data entry. especially when mobile device use ... talking to fill in fields would be so awesome ... maybe integrate dragon ... hey ... buy nuaunce to own it all ... the road to intuit world domination! oh, and yes, i am available to negotiate the deal!!!
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
buggy. try to submit feedback and can’t within the app. they removed the quantity column from invoices and their support is dismissive. this is a big company who price gouges and doesn’t really care about it’s customers.
. this app coupled with the web based app is the best thing i have seen for small business. cut book work down to an hour a night rather than 3. the ability to send both quotes and invoices on the go saves hours. works extremely well with the paid web app happy as with both
. this app sucks. it has stopped working and often displays incorrect information. it's super annoying. only the desktop works.
. worst app website will not open properly in mobiles and ask for reset repeatedly for same user id, useless
very good app. excellent app
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
comments. there is no printing options for mobile printing. we have tu use other app, to print invoices. poor in reports not friendly to do invoices
this app does not function properly on ios13. i cannot view any customer files. i can search for them, but the app will not let me click on a customer to edit invoices.
. the app works good.....when it works. but it freezes often......and when theres a technical issue it takes 45 days for them to resolve the issue. wasnt what i expected at all from quickbooks.
not for administrators. this app may be alright for sales people but doesn't do bookkeepers and admin people any good. i need to check register balances, p & l and balance sheets. this app doesn't allow for that.
. cant add expenses or clients to qb through my smart phone
perfect!. great app with all the functionality i need to take care of business. i can do much of my books on the go and not let things pile up. love this app!
works great for me!. i love this app! it is nice to be able to create invoices, accept payments, and email invoices on the spot. no more waiting to get back to my computer for data entry.
still needs work. not all features are equally accessible on pc, ipad or iphone, such as selecting different estimate and invoicing templates. most likely a bug and would love to see that fixed . the online version on the pc is slowwww
great app!. great app for small medium enterprises
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
. lots of odd problems. invoices dissapering invoices with same number invoice not adding correctly.
documentcustomerjob searchinfo. i find quickbooks a great tool, however there are areas that could be improved firstly when i open a clients file i can see all the info apart from our reference, this means we need to search via pricedateinvoice number, it would be far easier to find a document by our job namereference
. quick, simple, much less hassle than the old way of doing things.
does not comply to govt gst invoice format. does not comply to govt gst invoice format. this could be serious compliance issue for merchants. we are unsubscribing the service due to this reason. will get back when quickbooks invoice format is in compliance with government gst invoice format.
good. love that i can get information where ever i am. i wish that it was closer to the computer screen to make navagtion easier but it works
. so far i am verry happy with qb online. will update if this changes.
lagging after update. i just updated the app it is lagging on both my i pads.
great app. the app is easier to use than the online version on a laptop. well done.
best business app yet!. i love using qb for my small business it has been one of the most important things in my business. ease of operation, receiving payments and financial reports are just few of its great qualities. thanks qb!
. i have contacted customer service several times for support issues with the appquickbooks online not syncing the transactions automatically. no one seems to have an answer on what's going on. each time i'm advised by a customer service represenative to remove and reconnect the bank account yet in doing so it still doesn't work.
great app but....:.. good application but we need features that enable generation of reports
crashes. this app fails all the time, i keep having to reinstall to log in.
i rely on online sync with my external banks. i'm disappointed the subscription i pay for is not mobile. i imagine it would take a lot of programming to include sync on mobile tablets but if it's already hosted on the server, why no access? i'm not a architect but i imagine outsourcing the sync hardware off the tablet you could get your current transactions on mobile . maybe i'm crazy
. this app is very userfriendly
. nice site to make invoice and estimate, if there is any option to maintain stock it will. be great
. the app is really handy when adding expenses. easy to navigate.
quickbooks. it's an alright app. can be too difficult. but there aren't many other options.
. seriously guys, this app is constantly updated, but still moves at a glacial pace and consistently crashes. get your business in order so we can keep ours in order!
useless out in the field can't work off line. useless out in the field can't work off line and constantly wants you to refresh data. does not support star portable printers. waist of space on cell phone gave it a second try useless creating a invoice have to use search window to find items. had to go use desktop instead of my ipad pro because would of took all night to do a invoice.
love using quickbooks!!. i love using it and it makes my business so easy and don't even need to carry my computer. i can actually do all of my invoices estimates anytime anywhere with my cell phone!
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month.
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
no payroll. subscribed to payroll using desktop at the office, tried to access using iphone app on the field but could not find it. waste of money!
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. simply superb
this app does not function properly on ios13. i cannot view any customer files. i can search for them, but the app will not let me click on a customer to edit invoices.
horrible horrible app. this new version is terrible! it will not save invoices for payments when i apply them, but then when i log in to the desktop version there's duplicate and triplicate payments.
love it. they fixed the errors i was having. great app now.
great book keeping app. use this app with the online version at home. very happy with it indeed. support could be a little better. but support is adequate. been using it for a couple of years and i'm very pleased.
. super easy to create sales receipts and track sales and taxes. i love the option to include sales tax. i'm sure there are many other useful features that i'm not currently taking advantage of. thank you for this app!
won't open. this app won't open. don't waste your time.
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) then hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. not working on tablet either. please fix asap. update: seems to be fixed now. thank you
. was working for a couple months. now i can longer link to my bank account and the app constantly freezes with either a blank screen or white screen. completely useless..
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
streamlined. makes running my business so much easier
. app is constantly crashing.
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
. great app i pretty much run my company from my phone.
signature doesn't work with ios 9. my signature for my invoices that i need to get paid on no longer works with ios 9. still no update!
no more receipts in my pocket. shoot the receipt and record the transaction, now even more quickly with touchid
. the updating is slow and i have to manually refresh before changes show up.
great app. works very well with the ipad. allows you to make invoices and notes on the go. much better being cloud based than pc based. it costs more but it definitely worth it when it comes to the convenience.
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
new to business and this is great. i have now completed my second year running my business and without a doubt i owe some of my success to quickbooks as i don't have an admin person it helps me manage things also creates the professional image i need. i prefer using the web platform but when i am on the go and making small purchases for clients i love to add the expenses to their invoice on my phone before i forget!
useless. takes too long to add a simple expense.
not trustworthy. quickbooks has some issues with taking multiple accounts under the same email. i can not access my account because my email was used to open a second trial and i can not access my data any longer. choose better accounting software, overall. this app has no visible way to logout or troubleshoot.
. keeps telling me i don't have an online account when, in fact, i do. very frustrating. also, i have sent numerous emails and no one has responded.
amazing. this app is a life saver! started my own hvac company in march of 2015 and this is the only app i use for keeping track of finances, invoicing, payroll and taxes. it really makes running my business as easy as possible! love it, thanks quickbooks!!
. crashes every time. hasn't opened successfully once. tried reinstalling and restarting tablet.
meh, no project profitability reports in the app. as a construction business all our accounting revolves around p&l reports per project. the onlinedesktop app gives us the project report but the app does not, which makes the app pretty much useless. our best solution is to login to our qbo account through safari on the phone to see the real time project profitability, shouldn’t the app do that?
i like it. does everything i need mobile. clients, invoices and information...all that i need on the go.
. great app! well worth the investment!!
. slowly improving gets better and better, though slow to do so...
clumsy, error prone, price has doubled.. not a completely trash service, but it hasn’t gotten any better despite company promises. price has doubled since i initially joined. ipad app bugged, today i tried to enter an invoice payment, no joy. tried to leave service last year and the year before. exporting info was a nightmare, and impossible on mac, effectively leaving me held hostage. cancelling service at end of year as i’d rather try a different online accounting or simply go with a desktop version.
great software. i have come to really like quick books online. quoting, invoicing, reports and my personal favourite... it links with your bank account to automate expense inputs. you set the rules once and the next time a similar transaction appears in your linked bank account it automatically categorises the transaction for you, just hit 'add'. saves me so much time and effort and to me it's fast becoming a business tool i simply wouldn't be without.
love it!. took me a while to get confident using it as i was used to doing things manually but now i love it. and especially love the app. don't know how i managed before!
. great app!
loved it.... very useful app... i can use it in any platform. that is the the best thing. loved a lot !!!!!
limited functionality. app doesn’t permit printing or downloading to a spreadsheet format. makes it impossible to reconcile accounts or print statements for records retention. very expensive with limited functionality.
luv it!. have been using quickbooks for many many years. have loved it from the beginning. i am now enjoying the online version even more. has been a wonderful addition for me and all of my clients. has made travel so much easier for my clients to still be able to keep tabs on their businesses. strongly recommend!
. this app is perfect for our small business.
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
recommend!. quickbooks is a must have to swiftly complete business tasks like, estimates, invoices, etc.
limited compared to quickbooks desktop. quickbooks online is just ok. it has some limits that did not exist in the desktop version. a lot of them have to do with assisted payroll. for example, the app does not tell you each pay period how much of a contribution to pay towards simple ira's and give you a chance to indicate whether they were paid. it just assumes it was done without giving you any notice. other limitations make it just ok.
does not work well at all very frustrating. frustrating
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. doesn't give the full qbo experience, if it is it's not the same ui edit  dislike that devs pick what they feel is most convenient.
great app!. for a business that is always on the go this is an awesome app! i love that i can work anywhere!
can't live without it. i don't know how i did business before this app. i love that i can access my company books anywhere. i love the way i can take a photo of the receipts for my expenses. thank you qb!
. 1720 update  i had used the mobile app for android for quite a long time with no issue and then approximately one month ago after an update the dashboard no longer has any information and is blank. i can still see activity but there's no way to get to customers or any of the other functions. i've emailed previously with no response. previous review: works well for viewing quickbooks info and taking payments
touch id is pointless. needs work!. the new update was supposed to fix the touch id issue. you can log in via touch id. however if you kill the app or restart your phone, you need to log back in using your password. what is the point? i want to log in via touch id everytime. that's what it's there for.
having issues with iphone 11. after installing the app, and attempting to access it results in crashing.
pretty good. we are using this to operate our plumbing & heating company and love it so far. it's missing a few features and wasn't the easiest to setup, but hopefully it will continue to be developed. great for us so far! everyone from management to sales to technicians are on the same page!
the software has been a nightmare recently using iphone and ipad keeps saying i haven't paid. i've written to emails and had absolutely no response to either no refunds either because i can't get the software to work unless i'm in mice studios on my laptop which is being fixed currently i won't be with me for the next four weeks so how i'm supposed to do any invoicing i have no idea this is absolutely ridiculous use sage...
worst user experience. app is made of complex processes..i they are more focused on collecting data than providing service..uninstalled within 3 minutes
great for small business. i run a small business mostly through through etsy. this is a great program to keep track of finances. the only thing i wish is it would integrate paypal here payments like it does square. it would be amazing if it could do the same with etsy. alas, i have to type them in by hand. i love the integrate on my iphone, ipad and macbook. it is very streamlined.
we need an update for iphone x. we need an update for iphone x. in addition, we need the function to add cc recipient when sending out quotes or invoices. other than those 2 things, it is good.
. can't add expenses. my husband has the mobile app on his iphone where we can add expenses. i do not see this option on android. bothersome.
. great app for tracking expenses and payments
great product!. i'm good at what i do for a living, but i am not an accountant and i needed help keeping the financial end of my business on track. this product is easy to use and is everything i needed!
works. 3 small companies, always on the go. this a is a handy solution....my accountant loves it to.
best accounting app except for some glitch. it is the best accounting app that i had so far. i like the inventory part. what i don't like is that the activities for the suppliers are empty but with the web and desktop app the activities appear.
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
. best accounting software for small business......
love this app!. fantastic app.
crashes. would give it 0 stars if possible. crashes immediately after opening page information is submitted. don't waste your time
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. how did this pass quality control?
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
president. i’m busy right now trying to invoice, from customer service to user friendly software qb is on point for the business man. love the service for sure.
. love it, can do most things on my phone too, really useful for a tradesman
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
ios 13 crash. an awful app that is made even less useful in ios13 because it just crashes straight after running.
terrible product and now doesn't even connect. previous reviews are on the money, this app is terribly crippled on ipad and mobile. to make it worse some days, like today i can't even connect to do these limited tasks. intuit please wake up before you get rolled over like blackberry!!!
. really easy to use
. amazing this app can be difficult to get used to, like ensure you use docx to make your templates,and don't use bold ever.. setup your email template etc etc but it ends up being the best app ever.. it's features on the mobile app for invoicing, balance's, incoming and outgoing, tax digitally, are so convenient. i am organized now, and everything is handled for professionally.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
everything i need right from my phone. so handy to be able to do estimates, invoices, and record my expenses right from my phone! will save a lot of time with bookkeeping as now i can enter everything on the go.
weak iphone app, no customer service. really weak app, no customer service. after trying to contact qb customer service, i got no response from anybody at qb. after paying big monthly fees $ i'm switching back to invoice2go, where i got great customer service and my feedbacks were used in improvements.
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer server (james) experience, nothing resolved
it gets better and better. i was a huge sceptic (i have been a pro advisor for several years)and very had a very negative opinion of qb online. that was until a couple of years ago when i attended a presentation of the capabilities of the software. i was sold on its usefulness and have been using and recommending it ever since. qb online adds important features regularly. buy it!!! you won't be disappointed
can’t use it in iphone or ipad! keep getting error.. i keep getting an error! queryprocessingerror:null
. very fine app
wish it had outlook. awesome app. i wish i could send emails through outlookhotmail instead of gmail. if there is a fix please advise.
. bad app
not able to login. never download this app. i have reported this error many times to the quickbooks support team. till this date they haven't even just looked into this issue.
horrible update!. wow this latest update has messed everything up quickbooks was finally working good please fix! some of the words don't even fit correctly on the screen its all mixed together! and worst of all like others have said it no longer knows my clients email address i have to manually input!
. this app makes attaching pictures of paper receipts easy.
useful. useful for capturing my daytoday personal spendings
android app. android app on phone lately does not open...
keeps crashing. for the most part, the apps work pretty well. however, for whatever reason the app on my iphone crashes every time i login the first time. it gives me an error saying critical error please sign out. most the time when i sign back it, it’s ok after that. but usually requires restarting the app.
subscription ridiculous. this subscription crap is getting out of hand. what happened to the days when you could buy software and own it? as if quickbooks itself isn't expensive enough, and i would gladly pay once for a quickbooks android app, $125 a year is ridiculous. i don't need your cloud, i have a server of my own, why shove this crap down people's throats?
. the quickbooks app allows me to easily manage my business expenses on the go and eliminates the need to keep those annoying receipts. instead you can jt take a picture of the receipt and attach it to the expense. brilliant.
bad update. was close to perfect, or at least practical. since the last update, this app is useless to me. hoping this will change!
not useful at all. this was a waste of time. i need to be able to reconcile and do more than look at my recent transactions. quick books is useless unless you're on a computer.
latest update is garbage. update: 1620 still a garbage app even after multiple emails back and forth with quickbooks development team and now it’s been weeks since i heard from them the app still don’t work even after new updates app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
excellent app. i am a accountant and this is excellent
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
best business finance management app period!. bombdiggity
great!. new to the app, but so far it is great! especially when coming from doing everything manually with spreadsheets and boxes of receipts. much better than the qb for mac 2015 i tried.
opening an acct. loved the look of this app, unfortunately i could not open an acct as it would not accept or recognise my telephone number, either mobile or home, so not a good start. dumb app.
great bit of kit. value for money!! 👍😬. we use qb on the desktop, ipad and phone. highly recommend it !!
awesome app. feature rich and also user friendly
first class. really a great app makes life easier
“updates”. every time i go to do something the app says it has to log me out to run updates. getting sick of typing my password constantly. (literally 100% of the time i try and use the app.) pretty much just use the website these days.
. love this app
. great for on the go, syncs with pc version, keeps my business going as long as there's wifi or cel service, since i work in places with spotty coverage. being able to email invoices and changes on the spot is very helpful.
simple and easy. simple and easier to use than the desktop version and everything is accessible anywhere you go.
amazing!. this app undoubtedly helps running multiple businesses on the road possible! when i finally switched my businesses from desktop to online there were a few things missing. i wrote a few complaints and spoke with their development team...few short months later...boom! additions were made! one if which is being able to switch businesses within the app. definitely much easier than logging in and out all the time.
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
questionable developers and qa. don’t bother with this app. more time updating this weekly with version changes and bug fixes... jokers
works good but. haven't been able to email invoices for over 2 months now.. what's up wit that??
useless after update. quickbooks was wonderful until the most recent update rendered it useless. things won't save. transactions hang up. very frustrating.
great app. i use this app every day.
. great app. awesome app!
access to every thing now. great app
won’t load in ios 13. need an update. ios 13 crashes. won’t load.
awesome app. simple, clean. just need the banking feed for the android in canada please!
too good!. nothing beats qbo for its price and simplicity. easiest system to use for those sme not accounting minded but still need to get the job done!
quickbooks online app a+. app is very easy to use, even people without lots of knowledge in bookkeeping can manage their small business with quickbooks online through the app.
. app is so slow and doesn't have the functionality of the full web version making it pretty useless
brian peterson remodel. great app. wish i could attach pictures to estimates and invoices using my mobile app.
a good assistant on the go. the phone app doesn't do as much as i'd like but i couldn't run my business without the software!
. user for 2 years, samsung s8, app fails to load now. when it did work, it never showed historical customer transactions. never properly refreshed bank connections oh, you would have to go to the online portal and update first before you could use or see your transactions on this app. i'm pretty fed up at this point with this app, only thing i really wanted to do at this point was use the receipt scanning but i can't even do that now. uninstalled..
crashes every time. when app is installed i can log in to my account. then the app says « downloading data » and when download is complete it crashes. if i open it again (so still logged in), i cant even get past the launch screen.
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
. this is a great app! makes billing expenses and invoicing so much easier!
. very good app
no multiple account support?. would like to give it a better rating but without multiple account functionality it's value for me is limited. otherwise good functionality.
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
fantastic!. quickbooks is a great program and is now even better with this mobile app!
not getting started on phone. neither it is getting installed newly on my android phone nor i am able to recover the password of my older account . after collecting all the data it says we don't support it on android in india
great app. i use this everyday! wouldn't want any other invoicing company
. there are many bugs and glitches. the ios version allows bank feed updates and this one doesn't!! still doesn't. still buggy.
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
. very good app
". ""quickbooks online"" could stand to take a number of lessons from ""apple computers"" regards to customer support. anybody can tell you that making the transition from quickbooks desktop to quickbooks online is extremely difficult process. what makes it even more difficult is the poor level of customer support, starting with communication barriers. there is a whole sect of business professionals that are unwilling to make the transition because of the learning curve and poor customer service."
harry. after upgrading to this version i’m not able to sign on using the mobile app!! major set back when on the road and need to write an invoice!!
"locks, freezes, and won't sync. updated last week and haven't been able to use it since. i've reinstalled, cleared cache, resynced data... nothing. qb customer service ""can't see any issues with my login"" so who knows ? ive been reduced to entering all my invoices from my computer at home (defeats the purpose of the app doesn't it?). until they fix this update, don't download it."
. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program. the app on a mobile device doesn't even open. it says sync problem. it's been days since i logged into the app. always problems with this company. the app is terrible.....
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments. would be nice if inventory feature wasn't additional cost
. all the hype and there's no where or way to cancel a subscription.
good app and makes life easier. it's a easy app to use and simple to navigate.
. app doesn't work. it loads then an error message pops up. i've emailed a couple of times but no response. very poor customer service.
great software. great software just the when printing description in my home language it gives squares
. awesome app that assists me to carry out my personal finance activities
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
easy to use, plenty of features. pretty good value for an entire business accounting, sales and inventory app, cloud based as well so can be accessed from anywhere.
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
great app. quickbooks online is great with the addition of this app to keep track of your business finances
horrible update!. wow this latest update has messed everything up quickbooks was finally working good please fix! some of the words don't even fit correctly on the screen its all mixed together! and worst of all like others have said it no longer knows my clients email address i have to manually input!
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
. does every thing i need it to do, and i can do it on my phone. so easy to navigate. wouldn't want to run my business without it.
. cool app
on job usage. so easy to access invoices and job costing on the job site so easy to make my life easier
not happy. when i first got the app i fell in love i had problems with the desktop version , with the bank option on the online version witch you removed i was able to log in my transactions very quickly , i would appreciate it if you would please bring back the bank option in the menu asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
terrible app. half the time i can not download my banking info, i can not do invoices. it’s junk for what you have to pay for it. i’m finding something new.
. office on the go! i run a tree service so i'm never in the office. this app let's me take care of businesses while in the field and frees up time when i get home at night.
cant update billing info in app. slow, awkward layout, intelligent prefill of categories usually incorrect slowing down workflow. will be using moyob to set up accounts for my next fy.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
invoice menu. filling in spaces for explaining what the invoices for not easy to apply.. design poorly.
. 'quick' and easy to use on the go, great app
did update have had issues ever since. cannot download all of he files needed keep getting error code 10000. no resolution
make thing simple. we work away from the office all the time. q on the smart phone makes that easy. and it has never locked any of phones up. it work great.
so helpful. i love this app seriously. it's organized my work flow life so much!
if you don’t use quickbooks you’re probably wasting a lot of time.. i find the day to day management of my business much easier and less time consuming since i started using quick books. as with everything, it isn’t perfect. i would like to see more features on the mobile app. that being said, i only use the app and it works well for me. customer service is excellent. they strive to resolve any issue you throw at them. i would highly recommend!
compatibility issue?. no problem installing it on my phone but will not install in my tablet, says it's not comoatible (both v6.0.1 marshmallow). what seems to be the problem? huge disappointment from such a well known company!
pretty good app. have an issue with multi tasking. app doesn't stay in the multi tasking overflow menu, so when working with my calendar, i need to manually open the app again from the app drawer. pretty frustrating. it's supposed to be a productivity app for small businesses, but its really not
great. very useful for a small farm.
i love this better than their computer program!!!!. i love this app better than my computer program they have, it's easier to use & easier to track your expenses & sales. i recommend this to all my friends that basically run their business out of a vehicle saves on extra work when you get home.
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) then hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. not working on tablet either. please fix asap.
great app. i love quickbooks online as well as the mobile application for iphone and ipad. i basically run my business from my tablet and smart phone. we truly are living in the future.
. love the mileage and receipt feature.
very useful. just as fluid as the full version on my pc. easy to use, and can generate invoices quickly..
. i am still fresh with this app but sounds good to me
excellent app. superb app living my life by it now couldn't recommend enough
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so.
service date is still broken. has had this problem for months and a fix has yet to be included in an update. will be not be staying with quickbooks.
unable to access my account. this app does not work. i am unable to access my account it just goes back to the splash screen.
quickbooks. i've used quickbooks for more than 15 years now. i have been using this app for 6 to 8 months, it is the greatest app i have on my phone.
great app. quickbooks online works really well, fits my needs as an independent consultant. the mobile app is great for keeping me current on the fly.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. great app. so convenient from my phone
. i would like to create, edit and update projects in the app. thanks
thanks intuit. i can create invoices at the job and get paid on the spot. ..no problems so far.
. simple operation and easy to prepare work
great app. i have numerous clients on this platform and it suits all forms and situations.
. cannot login. uninstalled and now cannot reinstall
easy to use. love the online version. very easy to use. i love that i have all of my business information at my fingertips!!
. great app and easy to use
essllc. works great, always performs as i need it too, makes invoicing and estimating a lot faster and easier! thank you qb
. this app is useless and doesn't work properly on a phone
extremely slow. painfully slow on both my mobile device and macbook. also, i have to refresh the app over and over to see the latest data. that wasn’t the case before. when i opened the app, it used to show the new data.
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
quick books. very useful and excellent application
thuglife23. i be countin ma hunnit dolla billz easy up in this bictch
. you need this app if your running a business
update make app worthless. thanks for the update that prevents me from sending invoices.
program not working. i pay itunes for subscription. i pay directly to them and my program is not accessible to me because it says is expired. i make a case with them 1 mouth ago. create another case 2 days ago. and still i am not able to use the program. payed buy me 2 times (direct to them and itunes). do not use this program you will regret like me.
log in feature.. new version requires you to log in each day, while this may not sound horrible, this app was created for ease of use. previous versions required you to log in once, then your finger print or 4 digit passcode would suffice. please bring that back.
quickbooks on the go!!!!. i love the program and app. i find that it's easier through the app since i can just take the photo right from my phone. i recommend this for anyone!!!!
useless after update. quickbooks was wonderful until the most recent update rendered it useless. things won't save. transactions hang up. very frustrating.
keith fritz. this app is perfect for my small business
still no progress invoicing!. great app for running a business on the road. i wish it had progressive invoicing...
worth the price. i am a small business owner, i was having to write out estimates and bills but since i have this app....... life is way easier!!! now i have more time to do the work and less hassle with the paperwork.
. great app
. useless app. not user friendly. waste of money. major disappointment
love it and support intuit provides. very convenient app for expensing. had an issue crashing while logging in and customer support was very quick to respond.
quickbooks on the go. i'm rating this so it will stop asking me in the app every time i open it.
. many bugs, and any receipt photos are too low resolution to be readable.
personal accountant. brilliant softwareyou need to allow yourself a couple of hours to set up but once done it does all your reporting for you and keeps your finger on the pulse with your financial status  i love it!
great app. i've been using qbo for about 6 months and i love it. i own a real estate firm (small scale, 5 agents and below) and quickbooks has saved me a lot of time and helped organize my business.
. easy to use and simple to edit
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
made my life easier. i use to spend all weekend doing paper work and now i do it as i go in the car.
still waiting for receipt feature to work. i have made multiple inquiries about the receipt expense feature not working and they haven't even responded let alone fixed the issue. this has been happening for over a year.
nice app that works well!!. works well, well thought out and presented. helps me day to day for sure!!
functional with problems. the latest update took away the ability to choose territory in the app even though using a web browser does. i contacted intuit to report the problem. very nice but nothing has been done to fix it. also, common reports aren't available in the app.
not helpful. this app doesn't help me. i get errors every time i try to match or categorize a transaction from my bank. it's useless for me.
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
loved the app until banking disappeared. i mainly use my computer to do most of our accounting but loved having the app so i could accept banking transactions during short periods of downtime thereby keeping our bank balance up to date all the time. then today i went to catch up on accepting transactions and banking has totally disappeared from the menu. help! what happened? i deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail.
. great app
awesome app!. great product, has everything our small business needs, saved us a lot of time transferring from one program to this. reconciliation is a dream, so simple and easy to work out. have had no issues whatsoever and am very happy with the change over, has made life so much easier. 👍 thank you
. absolutely awful and useless in every single way. beyond awful and useless. everything is hard to do. everything takes forever to get done. it always crashes and has constant glitches.
affordable truck repair inc.. great app, makes it very easy for us to keep track of our books.
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
great. nice easy to navigate interface. do wish you could import bank transactions like the website though. other than that pretty thorough for what i do.
time tracking. i can create an estimate on the go and keep track of my time in a job.
pretty but not functional. it's bizarre how the graphics continue to be improved but the functionality doesn't. i've been trying to use this app for years but the features i need on the go are missing such as timekeeping. mostly this app seems to work a lot like you would imagine quicken mobile to work, by being able to look up past banking transactions. but i can do that on my banking apps for free already.
veryy unhappy. i have a flooring company where i give discounts for different reasons. i am upset that i can not add a discount nor does it give me the option to add it to tge invoice pleade fix it immediately
. great so far. how do i upgrade my subscription to essentials?
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
. this app on android wont even open. i have the apple version and it works fine. i just keeps saying its stopped working....
unable to sync. all i get is errors about syncing. different phones. same problem. works great in my ipad, though!
. i got the app working. it would be better if you could attach receipts to your expenses within the app. like the self employed app does.
doesn’t work like the app on a pc. the fact that the apps are not the same on a pc than on the ipad or mobile is frustrating. can’t see running totals on the register, can’t add transactions the same way, etc. and the kicker is the website version doesn’t work at all on the ipad, can’t scroll through the register because scroll bars are absent in chrome or safari. horrible adaptation and makes the ipad useless to conduct accounting business with quickbooks...
pants app! does not refresh, to many glitches!. poor show on the app! creates more work for me then needed, stick to logging in online. far easier than trying to refresh the app manually, i'll get grey before i can do any accounting with this app!!
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
. origionally i wanted to use this app for easy application of spreadsheets and invoices, unfortunately when everything wasn't working out for me, i decided to pull the plug and cancel my subscription. unfortunately, it is hard to get a cancellation and stop the reoccurring payments and it has brought me here. i would recommend that you guys make it easier for others to manage your subscription accounts.
. as a small business owner it is very easy to balance the books and to get paid within the same app.
for phone. could be easier to use if it was more like the pc edition
. great program
. i love it ...just wish i could personalize information fields on the invoices to accommodate the type of work we do mobile mechanics add fields for vehicle # vin # license plate and mileage would be awesome
. good app. allows me to do all things necessary for my business on the go
quickbooks app. great, convenience of creating, editing and sending invoices and adding customers, payments or expenses
great app! very easy to understand and use!. great app! very easy to understand and use! david lorea farrington
. i have seen personal budgeting apps that have better user experience than this. here just some of the glaring issues:  it forces you to relogin alot, and it does not support google signin, which means you have to retype a complex password every single time  you could use pin login from settings, but it is useless..  it forces pin code reentry everytime you use the camera or switch to another app.
good luck getting any tech support when you need it. not impressed! what a joke. don’t waste your time here.
. very easy to use. let's me print legal invoices on the go. can also provide quotes and estimates.
quality product. i've just taken over the accounts for the business with little experience and knowledge and i have found quickbooks online very easy to use. issuing invoices and running payroll is quick and simple. the support is extremely good too from professionals who know what they are doing not just anybody in a call centre reading a script.
great app!!. i love it! this program has totally transformed our family business!!
great app. nothing like doing invoices from the phone!
so far i have enjoyed the freedom from sitting at my computer. i can make estimates send invoices and do my banking right on my phone anytime anyplace.. sweet app
major flaw  can’t add receipts to expenses. no dropbox or photo option. they advertise this system as super easy and convenient. you can’t add receipts from photos or dropbox. that makes the ‘add attachment ‘ pretty much pointless. i take a picture of an expense receipt but 0 way of adding it ... seriously. who designed this app.???
. useful. allows invoicing, and updates on the go!
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
. can no longer open app, error returned from client
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
complement to quickbooks online. this app is a complement to quickbooks online. this apple really work good for making estimates sending invoices and much more. i wish gopayment and quickbooks online were integrated or as one. other than that, great app.
doesn’t work with ios 13. keeps knocking me out.
why the love. app just doenst work well  slow and just not a great experience.
. i've been using quickbooks for a few years. it's been great. but lately i haven't been able to access old invoices or quotes. very inconvenient for past work that we've done. now i'm having a huge issue with latest data not syncing to my device and can't even get into my account. things should be getting better not worse. i've consulted with customer service which hasn't helped either.
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
. connect to banking and reconcile in minutes. email invoices...so no snail mail.
this app is awesome!. very easy to use and very helpful for my small business!
. doesn't open, tried reinstalling and clearing cache. used to work.
quickbooks online. great app. saves having to cart round invoice pads.
freezes. freezes when saving a new client. app is useless.
useless. this app is useless. you can't even see your check register. pathetic.
no invoices. not very useful.
. i use the app to send and check on invoices. its a great way to do business out of the office. love it.
. your app is not allowing me to create an account. it's keeps saying content type missing. really would of loved to use this app.
"worse accounting program. you have to go through multiple screens for a simple tasks. there is functionality in the app that's not available in the desktop which is unusual for an accounting program. automation and ""how to"" help menus are nearly nonexistent."
not intuitive, not flexible, once in your stuck. terrible decision for a simple accounting software. converted from computer version...very unhappy.
. takes some time to kearn but very good companion to the full cloud app for the laptop
a very awesome easy to use tool!. a very awesome easy to use tool! my accountant loves it.
best app for organizing your small business!!. only had this for a couple of days now and just invoiced my first clients. it was so easy to use. i wish it could be personalized more but still overall a great start to my business!
. grid great app need estimates though n e one know how to do that other than that great app very easy
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
"fees on fees. while the app itself works and is fairly handy, i strongly advise against quickbooks as a company. i signed on as a business owner for $6.95 a month and was immediately slapped with over $100 in fees hidden in ""fine print"". worse is the utter inability to get any customer support from intuit. i canceled my subscription and despite already paying for the month, lost access immediately and lost all of my records. then i got billed again. stay away."
. great program to use. super simple to learn. has everything you need to run a small business.
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
helps me so much. new business owner, this app has been so helpful. can do estimates send invoices and input expenses from any where, weather im at the store or on the go i can work
. really friendly and useful
. great app to managing income and expenses
great app. accounting on the go!. ahh my favorite part of the day just got a whole lot easier. this app lets you track you individual transactions on the fly. it also lets you categorize and itemize expenses. if you like neat books and your on your phone a lot this app makes things easy. it's free so just try it out.
. good software, could be better if cis content was accessible via app
quick books app. this is a very handy app to have snap shot of business activities
. update... application remains impossible to use on both ios and android devices. invoice matching for banking transactions is painful particularly when there are many invoices to match to a single banking transaction and application seems to refresh in the background which causes matches to be lost before completing. not worth installing till these issues are fixed meaning web based invoice matching is the only option... have wasted hours of my time on both ios and android based applications...
awesome product. general contractor have tried a lot of different apps and have spent a few hundred bucks...this one by far is the best for invoicing and providing estimates. very streamlined and quick to learn..
great app. yet again another update and even more glitches, you charge a fortune and cannot provide a decent service  i’m considering switching to a competitor as you have breached the contract that you have with me. this needs fixing urgently and you need to refund subscription fees! my advice to businesses and the selfemployed is do not use quickbooks!
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
. app never up to date with website or it does not show you everything you can see online. sometimes you can't even see anyone's invoices or estimates. always an issue.
easy to use!. love being able to take photos of receipts on the go!!
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
missing key features. most notably, there is no way to create bills on qb for ios. this is a major feature that is just not available without a desktop. i can’t even use a mobile browser to login because the web gui gets cut off when entering a bill, even in landscape mode on an ipad.
perfect. awesome. best small biz app i've found.
electrical contracting business. very easy and convenient to use. my accountant can log on to it from her office saving me the time and the trip. i appreciate the phone app especially for unexpected service calls.
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
latest update crashing on iphone 7. great improvements in the app. extra features are a great bonus. well done. on iphone 7 the app crashes when upon opening banking is selected. i've reproduced 5 times.
. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless. hello quickbooks how about a fix?
nothing adds up. when you run a business you want your numbers correct. i don't have time to troubleshoot why your software can't add a simple paypal balance and leaves transactions out. your fired!
binoy. easy to use interface love the app
great app. would be lost without it, saves me a fortune in accountants fees
a j rooter. it's an easy program to use makes life a lot less aggravating when you can do your work on the road
good for invoices. the mobile app doesn’t have all options from the desktop app. and it’s something that makes sense... i mostly use the mobile app to check on invoices status. also the alerts ... it sent notification when an invoice is paid, and some basic information as well.
useless. app is slow and hard to use.
. quickbooks is an easy way to estimate invoice and send them to customers i enjoy this app very much
disappointed with android app. the pc version is so slick but the android version is very disappointing. as this is cloud based there should be no reason for such limited functionality. where do i enter my expenses when out working? if i had an iphone i would be able to. come on lets have similar functionality to the pc version.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
drafting estimates. when drafting estimates, system should auto save as many times hours of work is erased if you don’t constantly save before stepping away. in addition when you click the description box there should be an undo button in case it grabs all the text and it gets erased by pressing any button in accident. two very simple and logical things.
where are all my estimates????. in our business the estimates are the most important... most of our customers on app do not show their estimates!!!! if we cannot access all our estimates through the app...it's worthless. since i can't run our business from my ipad...quickbooks isn't for us..
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
. loving this app. super easy to use.
good value for money. happy with the program and functionality across varied devices
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
awful app  doesn’t fully sync with online data. i keep getting notifications about a 6 month overdue invoice, which i used for testing. however, when you try and remove the invoice, it can’t find it. the online version is fine if a little overpriced for soletrader business, but this app, which costs nothing, is worth exactly that. it’s next to useless.
great for handyman businesses. qb is great for me! i run a handyman business and my office is at my clients place or in my truck. i can sent estimatesinvoices while i am on site. it so nice because i use my tablet or phone when i’m on the road and when i’m home i can use qb on my computer and everything is automatically updated
. sluggish app
amazing. east, fast and quick to learn. highly recommended
great app!!. accounting made easy, great interface and easy to use. highly recommended.
. i am finally happy 99% with qb online quickbooks has finally added the ability to add expences through the android market. it is now, by far the easiest way to send out estimates, invoices and add expenses. i'm a contractor and it works perfect for what i do. well worth the $40.00 a month, trust me. ............
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
good resource. i will update this as i see necessary, haven't made a customer service call yet. but overall the navigation is something to get used to because it's very in depth and many details that you would expect are included with the software.
easy and convenient. would recommend.
excellent. app and program does everything i need. its much better than the program i used previously and very user friendly.
power super app. superb..safe my time
. garbage! just a scam that fishes for personal information. stay the hell away!
great stuff.. i like this app. (my extensive review).
great app. great for small business but it's a little on the expensive side
absolutely wonderful.. very user friendly. no comparison to desktop version.
app will crash!. app will crash! be sure to save your work!
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
. it makes invoicing easier
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
rave. i have enjoyed having customer information at my fingertips on this app.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
unable to log amex expenses while mobile.. this seems such a basic function that this app is missing.
great app. good for a non accounting person like me. i can keep track and give it all to my accountant and it gets done. i love that i can send invoices from my ipad and enter info etc. two thumbs up!
great complement to quickbooks online. not the full program, but it makes it easy to keep up to date with expenses on the fly.
can this app dethrone india specific software?. you can not setup this app to use for personal accounting. you can not setup this app for setting up multiple companies. you can not run if your internet connection is not working. so, this app is worth your time and money? you can try without worrying about any payment. so, it’s very difficult to dethrone india specific accounting software you already use. i have tried. you too can.
seems to work decently. it crashes occasionally but so far i like being able to addmatch transactions while laying on the couch
. quick and convenient full service bookkeeping app for my small business!
last version have a lot of issues. since i got the last update, the app crashes a lot and its very slow!!
flawed. i am going to reinstall the old app. the new app will not allow me to add a customer from my phone's contact list.
"bad idea. i downloaded to approve parole only to find i need a second app for that. two out of three ""recognized"" transactions are inaccurate. back to my mac for qb. ugly app guys. sorry..."
always improving. qbo isn't perfect but it is always improving. this week's update included features for accountants to track their client's pending work, communicate questions and request documents. this is good stuff!
payroll unable to handle contractors. unable to pay contractors on 1099 also their supports work around took more time than outsourcing payroll. wuuuuuuut? ? i have used quicken since computers came out and it looks nice and works great for (normally) most things. cheers
. i uses to use spreadsheets to keep track of invoices and collections.... i will never go back this does so much more.
. amazing accounting software for small business! highly recommend!
"""quickbooks + square"". great app!!"
broken. can’t save any new invoice sales receipt... ipad pro iphone xs max nothing works
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!!"
. great now i can do alot of my office work while in the field. this app lets me have more time making money instead of sitting at home on computer.
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
. great app! i use it all the time!
. so easy to use and realized how much i've been spending. really hurting profits. now i can minimize expenses and increase profits. worth every penny!!!!
missing features. it would great if it could read data from receipts and auto fills the fields. i can't get my clients to use the app, because re silt entry is too cumbersome. reports are lacking.
excellent app. moved from xero to qbo and couldn't be happier
crashes. same problem: crashes. looks good though.
great app. i love the app
. has potential but hasn't let me update any transactions since day one. tells me to try back in a few hours. not the best way to run a business budget. update: it's been a week and still broken. performed all the suggestions in the response article. update 2: yeah did email them like you asked. still waiting for a reply...
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
great updates and really user friendly. all works better than before and integrates brilliantly. makes understanding our financials a doddle!
do not sign up using the app. signing up from the app store restricts how you can use quickbooks online. you will not be able to change basic setting like email address or password. sign up from a desktop. then you can login to the app later.
. monthly charge. i'm sure the app works great, but there's no mention of a fee until they have your information.
. easy to use and helpful for pos expense capture
love it. great app
app slow to load and won’t save transactions. this is a new glitch since the update
great app. quickbooks have a fantastic app with full functionality of the browser version.
decent. not bad not bad at all
. easy to use, easy to keep your invoices accurate, costumers like it
. simple and easy to use
good app. overall this is a good app, would be nice to have more features such as gp% per job or integration with credit card payment
. love the app, have used it for years. just wish by now they would add biometric log in.
. this app is easy to use and keep on top of, all business activites are in one place and the calculations are done for you!
. great app, makes my life much easier!!
". refreshing bank transactions doesn't work. after refresh and upade still say "" ! error 22 days ago"". causes double entry after entering expenses manually by no refreshing and posting them. doesn't refresh bank data."
. everything you could ever need to manage a business. financials at a glance and indepth, invoicing made easy, automated payroll, and so much more. 2 employees couldn't replace this app.
. we have a landscape business and this app is able to keep me up to date and current between sites. at the end of our day all my paperwork is done and current. love this app.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
app is glitching. ever since the new update to the quickbooks mobile app, it has been glitching every time i try to open the app. every time i click the app it closes by itself. it's frustrating whenever i have to log anything in the app. i have to constantly delete the app and reinstall it for it to work properly again.
simply doesn't work. my companies all use qb online. i access it via browser almost daily. this app routes me to an advertisement to switch to qb online, even if i use the admin credentials. i'll assume it's something with all of my accounts and not a shameless advertising plug.
missing key functions. whilst i understand this is a mobile app, even the qbo version lags behind in key functions from its desktop predecessors, all of which intuit has had ample time to upgrade to fully integrated functionality. intuit needs to put full functionality above the profit margin and put customers above dollars.
great app. easy to use very helpful!!!!!
was an excellent app but...... never had a problem up to a month ago. upgraded my phone to galaxy s7 and now app does not work. this glitch needs to be fixed asap. i rely on this as i'm out in the feild daily.
awful. it's so confusing i hate it can't seem to manually enter stuff have to download from hsbc but other accounts i use ie trade card & fuelgenie aren't recognised so it refuses to set up & let you enter stuff manually. i so much preferred to enter everything manually you know where you are with this i haven't a clue it's all over the place. i want old fashioned quickbooks that was easy and understandable this is a joke.
. i am very very convenient and easy billing....so i am happy...my feelings is good...best app for small business
excellent for the it service provider. as an it service provider, this app allows me to log my hours and mileage in the field. i can even email customer invoices immediately after services are performed. this is, of course, paired with quickbooks online plus, which allows you to log hours per customer. highly recommended!!
convenient. moving to quickbooks online plus has been a great move. there was a small learning curve but it is very stable and now we're very happy that we made the change. the best part is using the app on my iphone
. having issues with the app and no help!
crashes all the time and there’s no way to ask for help.. this app crashes every time i update my iphone, even when i update the app. don’t even bother trying to contact qb about it, they’ll tell you to uninstall and reinstall (like you don’t know) and then that’s about the extent of their support.
problem fixed!. app works great!
not accurate. even after the most recent update the app still dose not accurately reflect my qbo account. all information on vended and clients are not up to date. this had been an ongoing issue for more than a year now. i keep hoping with every update this will be correct, but nothing yet.
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software.
great for billing while traveling. this app is very hearty. i was worried how it would work from the ipad but it was so easy. let's me bill while i'm on the road so that i can keep my cash flow in order. great job, inuit!
waste of time. i paid for the app to get the discount, spent an afternoon inputting information and suddenly it wouldn’t save anything. logged out, rebooted, problem still existed. uninstalled app. on reinstall, the system didn’t recognize my login and i couldn’t access any of the work i input. apple has my $$$ though!
. update: no longer freezes but is now saving estimates and invoices multiple time and showing 70k extra in income from invoices and bank deposits which it's now not allowing us to match payments with invoices so our only current option is to delete all duplicate payments and have customers outstanding balances until this is fixed
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
the invoice customization need big improvement. if you define customization mean capability to make different invoice like different logo diferent information on footer etc. i have to diferent areas of service in my company that use a diferent logos and footer information but quick book on line not work like the desktop version in this part. please fix that !!!!!
. seriously guys, this app is constantly updated, but still moves at a glacial pace and consistently crashes. get your business in order so we can keep ours in order!
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
easy and userfriendly always available. i've only worked with quickbooks desktop version. so far i have been using this for a week it allows me to do invoices on the fly. and i can check my staff input at any time, very handy would recommend to anyone. especially small business!
this product is fantastic!. i will be recommending this to all of my customers. it's simple, easy to use & fast to set up. in fact it may feel like you've missed something it's that simple! intuit have put together a great product for the australian market.
. i hopeing to get my 60 trial
impressed. i put off upgrading to online version after using quickbooks pro for five years, struggling to enter online direct debit expenses and payments. online version makes entering data easy and efficient. such a time saver for me. well done intuit! definitely worth the monthly subscription fee.
. easy to use. great app
. i've been using this for my business for 5 years. i love it because i csn do it on my phone through the app and desktop! it is also easy to collect and sibmitt all my tax info at tax time. works for me, easy to learn, and reliable.
great app. this is a great app for small businesses.
. extremely user friendly, customers love the on the spot invoices and ability to sign for and pay for work right on the spot!
fantastic application. i love this app. it let's me manage my expenses and easily invoice on the go. great tool!
. so far not happy. it doesn't show my address nor phone number on quotations and i can't find a way to make it do so. also states 30 day free, then gives me a measly 24 hrs from the time of install to save with a monthly discount. ok, i'll bite. they immediately sucked my first monthly payment. where's this 30 day free trial? biggest thing is its extremely limited and not ready for prime time. poor release.
buggy. crashes all the time. always bugging to buy things. bad. uninstalled
really!!. i have business to run. fix it !!
great app.. not as good as desktop. its amazing app and each update is awesome. but it's not as near the desktop in terms of functionality. overall, if you use quickbooks then its a must have..
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
. absolutely phenomenal app. it has been helping me run my small business for the last 3 to 4 years
app for small busines. fact, this app save me 11 hours a week in paper work period. great for small start up business
great for invoices on the go. being able to do estimates and have it linked with the office is great.
saves so much time. i got this app to help save time and it does. it took awhile to set up and i have had to phone for help a few times and they have been fab. i can send invoices and receipts form my phone. i am able to keep up to date on my accounts without the effort.
. buyer beware. you can't cancel your subscription online or through the app like you would with any other subscription service. you have to call them and play phone tag for a while if you decide that this service isn't right for you.
. this app really needs the ability to add delayed charge. how else is a user supposed to log billable time spent in the field?
. this app coupled with the web based app is the best thing i have seen for small business. cut book work down to an hour a night rather than 3. the ability to send both quotes and invoices on the go saves hours. works extremely well with the paid web app happy as with both
annoyed again!!. i did the latest update and now i can’t even open this damm app! terrific ay! any suggestions qb’s!? can you get this sorted asap. a few updates prior to this lasted one, after that particular update all my company details except my abn disappeared, why? the app didn’t seem to save my details properly as i added them and it was like that until the following update. then everything was back to normal. pretty annoying!!
seles. how’s this quicker, how do you add vat, i was quite happy doing an invoice on my own heading paper, which looked professional, not like this useless thing that has cost more account fees 
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
. very useful....has quite changed the way i track my business
vendor purchase no option. it takes so much time for converting the invoice to pdf for printing.
business owner must have. great app to work on the go. create, modify and email invoices. keep track of anything financial on your handheld device. fully automated office on the go for the busy self employed entrepreneur.
easy and super user friendly. first time user of this type of app but it was easy to set up. sent out my first invoice after 1hr already.
. great app
. this app is awesome!!!!!
quickbooksjoist sync. none of this is working at all. for a company that does bookkeeping it’s ironic that i’ve been charged twice in less than thirty days for a trial period!! none of my invoices are synced, estinates are counted as revenue and quikboojs is stating my 90 day old business has 1000 net profit!! not even remotely possible! this is incredibly frustrating and so i have to work on this on my only day to rest. ridiculous!! do not use this app
. beware anyone cis don't use this use xero being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. i'm stuck till end of tax year then i'm off
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
great app for independent contractors. qb helps me stay on top of my invoices and keeps me organized.
easy to use. intuit would benefit by watching what new users struggle with. one major thing i think would be nice is an easier way to account for merchant fees when processing payment receipts.
. my wife has this app and it works well for her business. i got this app based on her recommendation but unfortunately it has been full of technical difficulties. several hours wasted on talking to tech support and was told the tech team might resolve issues in a week. all details of my invoices are erased and wrong dates are shown on all invoices amongst other problems. wish they could solve this faster, has been very stressful experience so far for me.
. absolutely horrible customer service having multiple issues but because they can't duplicate it they act as if it's not a problem i have to delete my app and reinstall just about every day now because it says there is suspicious activity when there isn't and on the samsung tablet the app will not let you do negative numbers for discounts
latest update rocks. now you get your bank feeds in the app, so you can easily process your incoming payments and expenses. the only thing missing is the ability to attach a file during that process. hope it's something that will be included in a future update.
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. edit: the developers comment below doesn't work as of 130619
great resource. a little tricky to manipulate at first. but now i love it.
. app doesn't open anymore
so easy. couldn't have been an easier to make the switch to online. so far, so good
great app. it works great
new to quickbooks. i decided to switch my established business from square to quickbooks and so far i have no complaints. it’s fairly easy to use. the only thing i’m currently waiting on is for my transactions to clear and be deposited which takes about a week since i’m new. should be a breeze after that.
not happy. when i first got the app i fell in love i had problems with the desktop version , with the bank option on the online version which you removed i was able to log in my transactions very quickly , i would appreciate it if you would please bring back the bank option in the menu asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
app doesn’t get updated with the website!. this is most ridiculous app! it doesn’t get updated with the website! they charge you $40.00 per month with no resolution in the near future.
. good software
. qbo much improved over original launch product, and tge app has brought qbo up.to date. i love the ability to upload receipts tgat immediately sync with qbo and match to vendorsexpenses. qbos ability to have multiple ysrs working simultaneously is huge . realtime collaboration with my bookkeeper and accountant is now easy. no more thirdparty file sharing apps and concerns about version control. with the app i can now monitor financials on the fly. highly recommend!
customer service and functions. you can be completely locked out upon renewal of your subscription. it has locked me out of entering for the last six days. tech support has been pretty useless at fixing it. with all the other flaws the online program has, avoid with every thing you have. you get no back up, high incompatibility, and many accountants hate it. your emailed invoice has a habit of hitting the spam bin,it isn't even compatible with other intuit products. avoid avoid avoid
does not work. i have just spotted an ad on the bus in london. installd the app. created an account. it was difficult to activate my account as the app does not read sms itself. all in all, after logon the carches  it is not unable at all. i use galaxy s6.
. nice app for my very complicated business:)
works great!. i am a new business owner and i have qb online on my pc, ipad and iphone. it is great to be able to record expenses and take photos of the receipts right when it happens rather than waiting until later and possibly forgetting. no issues found so far!
splendid. excellent to have such an app to complete all needs and it's on mobile too
very useful!. this app allows me to send clients a sales receipt as soon as they hand me the cash, invaluable when visiting clients.
great app. i have to switch from another accounting software to quickbooks and every thing is easy to use and easy to navigate.i use it on my phone,desktop in the office.i wish i had it ever since i have been using the other accounts software.
good mobile app.. good app. unfortunately it won't allow you to look up customers by address.
purchase orders. i've requested this over and over with no response. the inability to create a purchase order via a mobile device is very, very inconvenient.
. i just need it to do invoices with 2 taxes and it seems to work good
many bugs. need to fix bugs that cause the app to not follow the regular online access. employees can see things they shouldn't (like business income) and are unable to do things they should like entering customer info and invoices.
great app!. this app saves me so much time! it lets me run my business much more efficiently! wouldn't be quite as successful without it. it also has very professional invoices and estimates
no employee section. this app contains nothing to help your employees, only the business manager. quick books could’ve at least added support for timesheets and such since they no longer allow you to save your timesheet in mobile browsers.
qbo ipad & iphone. i think that intuit is doing an incredible job with this product! the updates have been wonderful for me. i am thoroughly pleased with this product.
fantastic!!. i have been using myob for years , just swapped over . i am finding it so simple to use . no worries bringing over my info from myob . love being able to use the app on the go !!!
continuous improvements appreciated. keep the updates and enhancements coming!
quick books app. this app is really good, can do nearly everything i need from the phone.
need to be able to add bills and accept transactions’s that should match to bills. i think the title says it all. qbo is amazing such a great product but the app needs more functionality. mainly the bills, i need to add a bill from my phone and then be able to match multiple bills as one payment to relevant bills on payment. so frustrating having to find a computer to do this.
. am happy that it allows me to.make estimates from my mobile phone
. missing inventory and purchase order section
. easy to use, simple and the lack of paper is a plus
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the ipad and iphone is useless.
highly recommend. i highly recommend this app. i run my business with quickbooks online and use this app daily. i use it to create estimates and invoices mostly but also look up look up costumers balances and run reports.
. errors on free trail. can generate a invoice or put the company name on. i try my phone, tablet and laptop. keep on saying the same thing. error on tax .........
worst user experience. app is made of complex processes..i they are more focused on collecting data than providing service..uninstalled within 3 minutes
great app !!!. very easy to use and understand.
. realmente útil y fácil de usar, después del periodo de prueba no me peso pagar su precio.
. easy to use and navigate
. finally, an app that works with every aspect of your business.
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
user. good app but needs more features
. as good as it gets....can run my service business paper free and even collect signatures....simply and quickly it does it all....awesome mobile solution at a great price!!!!
working great. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
. some quirks, but overall great ap
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
. does want to launch properly on huawei p30. android version 9 please assist.
great business tool. this program has helped me i the field like no other program i can think of.
useless. this app is useless because if you have an online account with mac or pc you cannot use this app on your ipad! save your time, don't download it.
take time to learn it. be patient
. since the update i can't connect, always says i don't have a internet connection.
touch id doesn't work; features spread across too many apps. intuit still spreads all the quickbooks features across various versions of apps (online, self employed, desktop, etc) that all require separate subscriptions and there's not one single app that can do it all. touch id on this app is broken so it only offers fingerprint access within a few minutes after the first unlock. then, it's back to password. i really wish there were better alternatives.
online is the best way to go. making my busy life easier one click at a time
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient. so a lot of updates lately and still no way to create a statement from the app. this really is very frustrating.
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wated almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
a solid program. i like the idea of this application being online because many of my accounts can be updated asap.
keeps crashing. keeps crashing and doesn't track mileage for work and charity. really disappointing.
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
awesome. this app is great and extremely helpful with my small business. it saves a lot of time and work. not only do i find it very resourceful but it's easy to use. customizing my invoices and estimates is probably the best part of the application aside from it allowing me to check my profit and loss. i recommend this app to any user, especially a business owner.
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
so easy. this app makes it so easy to print invoices for my clients on the go! also cuts down on time that i have to sit at my desk at home and allows more time with family. great app.
awesome. one of the best apps i have used for tracking and creating invoices, keeps me on track and easy to use.
. moderate user, nice to estimate and invoice on the go
so so. hard to understand how to do a lot of things, and frustrating at times. customer service though is very good, i just wish i had more time to work with them.
. i'm hooked love to send estimates and invoices on the fly.
must have app for any business!. easy, fast, comprehensive and dependable. makes the handling of my business a breeze.
worst app update. after updating the recently, app is crashing. unable to login
great app!!!. keeps me up to date when i'm out of the office and very user friendly.
. great app!
. please update. can't login
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
. better program than the internet site on my mac book pro! very easy to use and very seem less operation.
doesn’t work. i have an iphone 8 and all of a sudden this app stops working. i call quickbooks and they can’t fix it. they closed the case in one day. don’t walk away from this company, run away.
. i use it à l ot for my activity, great, useful, efficient and greatly appreciated
. expenses do not load
great enhancements. i can now create or edit invoices and send them with preview to my tenants. fantastic upgrade.
. good app
review. not quite as intuitive as i expected but otherwise useful app
satisfied customer. i'm a new user of qb app, and like what i see so far. it's easy to use and is a great asset to help keep my finances straight. it's worth the $10 per month.
. as stated on my previous review,, i have tried every method including the ones quickbooks suggest and i still cannot find an unsubscribe button anywhere, this is very frustrating and ironic in the fact this app is ment to save you time, i spent half a day trying to unsubscribe to this with still no joy , last result to phone the number which does not work over a weekend.
easy. this easy to use app is great for small businesses
. superb app
one man show. this app helps tons: estimate and invoice from anywhere.
. great app for small businesses
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
great app. i don't have any problems with the app, seamless integration with the desktop.
amazing, powerfull and simple. switched from sageone and wow, for the same price i get a much better mobile app, that actually do more, and is very simple to use. and the last update made it even better with the overall view.
biz essential. still learning to capitalize on having my business so accessible on the fly. i send estimates and invoices before i leave the bid sometimes.
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
ran into unsupported transactions within 1 minute. very disappointing. it seems like the app isn't complete.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. 1. kicking out of the app very often. 2. not able to email multiple invoices at one time. 3. limited search capabilities. cant search notes and description. :(
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses.
. great app and very user friendly! love that i can create documents right from my phone!
great mobile app. this app is perfect for my business. i'm out of the office majority of the day so being able to send or create estimates and invoices is very nice. quick and easy
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
. does everything i need. very easy to use.
simple things just don’t work in this app.. now i can’t copy my password from my password safe into the quickbooks login. this means i will have to use a simple easy to use and less secure password. also, there is no way to enter check numbers into the bank transactions. this works fine on a mac and online but not in the ipad app. these simple problems make the ipad app almost useless.
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
awesome app. helps with all business expenses and just great interface
my music mi musica en espanol y english bilingual. bilingual
. easy to navigate very helpful
easier than all other apps. i literally tried out a dozen other apps trying to get one free or cheap. efforts were futile. i broke down and bought this one and never happier. it works like a charm and no dead buttons. does what i want it to do and no limitations.
easy to use. easy to learn and use. nice to set up. help is always there if needed.
great tool. very useful, and easy to access or use on the road.
great for business. it's great that you can send invoices from phone. it would be even greater if it had a deposit feature. that way when you're at the bank you can just look on the app and see and check off your deposits from undeposited funds.
business management made easy.... quickbooks has taken the pain and most of the time out of bookkeeping for my photography business. it lets me spend my time working with customers and get invoices out promptly to get paid!
lots of steps. i like the app but there are lots of steps and it takes me a while. occasionally the transaction doesn't go through. it does update my quickbooks so i like that and it saves my bookkeeper time
great app. the app does everything i need on the run. thanks
good apps. it's okay
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
. best app ever!!!!!!
. easy entry method. looking 4ward2 sending out invoices and payment methods.
needs work ipad version. limited reports, restrictions on creating categories. simple things like always upper case in the state box, locks up when doing a quote  have to save often on ipad.
amazing app for a small or medium business. very user friendly. don't have to be an account to enter data, app allows you to do everything on the go.
. i keep getting a error that says unable to view payment because it includes finance charges. very frustrating when you can't view invoices.
crashes when trying take credit cards. crashing on 2018 ipad pro. multiple times
"excellent for my small business. works great on my lg g2. record keeping is considerably less time consuming and easier. love the function of taking a picture of recipts and uploading. sending customers professional looking invoices on the spot from my phone and offering the option to ""pay now"" is awesome! good job!"
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
. how do i unsubscribe
good ...most of the time. does everything i need...on the go and that is awesome!!! sometimes it will not save what im doing though. have to go het on reg computer to get what i need done completed. im sure they will work this out soon enough!
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
awesome app!:. this is perfect for on the go invoices and quotes for businesses.
multiple currencies. it should support multiple currencies. can't key in expenses that are not in my home currency
great app. easy to use.. i would like to see full desktop functionality on the mobile app.
love it for our small businesses. love using quickbooks for both our small businesses! makes collecting our invoices and communicating with our customers super easy!
. recently started my own business and needed to create invoices, very easy to use and helps empower the growth of my business at anytime!
iphone app is the worst. the iphone app doesn't work. their customer service people admitted it doesn't work. don't even try to use it  too frustrating and a big waste of time. online version and ipad versions are good but too limited for price  reports can't compare year over year
. vg and lot much improved with very good customer care support. thankx.
great app. love having qb on my phone to receive payments, send invoices and other routine activities.
. im not satisfied at all im at the trial but its hard to link with my account i dont know why? please help me before i delete it for good
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
great app. dan
. awesome account software
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
email is my only complaint i don't like my emails coming from into it i want to choose my own email so my customers can respond please fix this. respond it's when i'm sending invoices or estimates
need improvement asap. need to approve the app asap due to many loss of customers. disappointed of the high price.
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
. great app saved me lots of time
login. wont let me log in on app or internet
missing functionality. reliable app but authentication is too slow. also some features aren't available. i sometimes just use the web app through the browser to access those features.
app crashes on splash screen. on iphone 6s plus. this has been happening for so long and there is no action taken. i’ve tried uninstall and reinstall multiple times and nothing is working.
. the service online is terrific. the app errors anytime i try to update from my smartphone for over a month now. support is unresponsive via email.
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
easy, fast, convenient. love using this app! it is really easy to navigate and lets me do everything i need to very quickly. always in sync no matter which device i'm on.
good resource. i will update this as i see necessary, haven't made a customer service call yet. but overall the navigation is something to get used to because it's very in depth and many details that you would expect are included with the software.
overall pretty good as an app👍. it can take awhile to get used to using quickbooks – but it is pretty good once you get used to it. occasionally it can be a bit clunky and you don’t get all the functionality that you would expect. but overall using it as an app is very good
can't enter bills. if i can't enter bills on the ipad version, the software is useless.
. was working awesome until last update. now won't log in. just has that loading thing come up forever
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started.
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
awesome ap for a handyman. emailing my client the invoice or receipt is effecient and impressive. being able to enter expenses when they occur saves me office time. only fall back is i cant yet enter store charges.
terrible. can’t figure out who to call for support. need to cancel account but everything goes in a circle. i hate companies like this.
". often doesn't work. customer service tells me not to use the app, to access account from web browser. the numbers you get there may be undependable. don't trust it. the browser doesn't work with the phone. there only reason for quickbooks online is access while away from the computer. i often get the message,""check back in a few hours"". isn't that great when standing in front of a customer trying to write an invoice."
. does all of my accounting. great app
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. what a faff! absolute joke, can't create items on android useless
. great app, simple to use ... a business can't move past a certain point without a reliable payment and invoice tracking system .... quick books delivers and is constantly improving ... highly recommended!!
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. great app really helps with all my business needs one thing short of five stars and that's an in app calculator!!!!
good, but too limited.. as others have posted, this app would be infinitely more useful if it had more of the functionality of the desktop browser based system. being mobile means i can't do many if the things i'd like to.
fantastic software !. this has made my life a whole lot easier. invoice and estimates on the go. i really feel in control of my accounts.
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
. this app has too many glitches
not very good. there seems to be issues here. a lot of errors with login on this updated app. as well as having to wait so long for funds to be deposited. not happy
good app. so far so good
cannot download all data since last update. since enabling touched, after the last update, i keep getting notified all my data cannot be downloaded
. great program
be careful. i loved this app for 10 months. then an error occurred and i lost access to my business. only cost me $200 for one time fix. for $600 i could have purchased a 3 month fix. the risk exceeds the benefit.
loving the app. glad i discover the quickbooks app. have just started using quickbooks and must say i'm impressed and now that i have the app its just taken managing my small business to a whole new level. hats off to the developers and all involved.
no way to categorize transactions. no way to access bankcredit card accounts to categorize transactions. what's the point of having the profitloss tab if that's the case??
not quite what i'm looking for. after the invoice2go update disaster, i read a lot of good things about this app. sadly it fell short of expectation as i was unable to change the invoice number, which i would think was a pretty basic requirement. advice on the internet seems to relate to an older version of the app as the information did not relate to what was on the screen. i won't be utilising my free trial, nor will i be subscribing.
missing one major feature of a mobile app: time tracking!. a deal breaker for me, you can't track time while on the move! the rest seems good but without this feature there is no point in me evaluating it any further :(
pretty good. the app allows you to record expenses on the go as they happen. nice to be able to balance the books as you go along instead of waiting until you are back at your computer. :)
amazing app. i'm a pro advisor and i love qbo and it's app. if you need help working this application or quickbooks let me know. joeaguilar04@gmail.com
very handy accounting app. this app is very useful to always have a snapshot of your business at your fingertips.
. excellent cloud computing. can really be number one if improved to suit indian market needs.
failed to run. i installed the program and as soon as i attempted to begin using it, the program crashes and will now not open at all.
ios app > than the web version. it is pleasantly surprising to see that the app is faster on the phone in comparison to the website! keep up the good work 👍🏼
good but needs more functionality. this app works good, but needs more features added. for example, i have to go to a browser and log in there in order to add a deposit manually. i know functionality is being added continuously. so i a hopeful that my review can be a 5 star review in the near future.
qbo app. luv the new dashboard!! excellent app. no complaints.
no multi currency in app. there is no multi currency function in the ipad app making it useless for entering overseas travel expenses.
crashes on iphone x. crashing on iphone x
very good. one of the best way to do estimate and invoices highly recommended
. 1 star : i have been inundated with advertisements are so much i went ahead and download it it just so that i could give it a review. hopefully they will not continue to bug me with youtube videos and all these unimportant advertisements i didn't ask for in the first place.
easy to use. quick books is very easy to use and i am able to finish my bookkeeping on the go when i am on the train or waiting in an airport.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
good for invoicing only. i was really looking for an app that i can put receipts for purchases in as i buy things and download later to qb. this is not it
effective. we love the fact that our company can work together from distant  separate computers. we really appreciate that quickbooks continues to upgrade and modify their program.the initial ( 4years ago drove our bookkeeper a little crazy) but each update makes sense and increases speed of system.
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
easy. i'm now able to send bids to potential clients easily.
. quickbooks online is reporting an error everytime i try to log on. cannot sync data. reported multiple time. it has not been fixed
q books. i love this app it's very useful
limited functionality. the app has very little of the on line functionality. and the on line version of qb has less functionality than the desktop pro version that i used previously. very much regret going to the on line version.
what a joke. downloaded this app so i could pay employees and taxes on time without having to be at my computer and i can't do either, i have to be in front of my computer to do both. i don't understand why it's not allowed on mobile app.
. excellent app makes having a small business so simple
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality  i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
. kinda tricky at first but easily learned
dubai. i tried to register dubai address but looks like only us address possible.
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone, and i can process things quickly and easily without having the panic of having to beside the computer 247. great
. since the update can't add trips for mileage. app was working perfectly before the update. app won't allow addresses to be added like before. why not just leave well enough alone?
nice tool. i like this tool a lot but it could use more links. you need to add the ability to add to the time sheet service. i upgraded to use that on all my business phones on the field and low and behold support lied to me and said it was possible. so i upgraded and guess what it's not in the app.
not as intuitive as desktop version. not as intuitive as desktop version. since 1986 used before intuit bought out money counts. lots to learn yet nice to be able to move the line items around. been wishing for that for 30 years
bad update. was close to perfect, or at least practical. since the last update, this app is useless to me. hoping this will change!
. sucks keeps saying i have update available but then everytime i try to download the upgrade i get error code 927 saying unable to complete download. with current app it doesn't allow me to look up past invoices. the things i use most are not on mobile app. all i do with it is print current invoices with my wireless eprinter and find customer contact numbers to call them. needs upgrading with more features.
. quickbooks is the only company that charges 3.40% for manual transactions when swipe or manual transactions go through the same process. decedent company just takes a lot of money from us small guys
great but…. this app won’t get more than two stars until i can enter a single time activity from my phone.
just barely ok.. app has multiple issues . with page format. browser must use google chrome to get all options . called 3 times , on phone over hour each time . weeks later still nothing fixed . app is very limited .. customer service is a joke . here i thought i was upgrading to a better software . lol i was so wrong ..
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
the software has been a nightmare recently using iphone and ipad keeps saying i haven't paid. i've written to emails and had absolutely no response to either no refunds either because i can't get the software to work unless i'm in mice studios on my laptop which is being fixed currently i won't be with me for the next four weeks so how i'm supposed to do any invoicing i have no idea this is absolutely ridiculous use sage...
does not update. i post payments and the sustem still shows full amount due. also will not log in from phone after dozen attempts and entering codes from qb
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
handy invoicing tool when out and about. i use this app predominantly to invoice as i travel a lot in my job. it has been a bit of a game changer to be able to produce professional invoices on the go. and amazing to keep track of payments.
useless for bookkeep. cannot access chart of accounts or bank accounts so i can not enter checks or payments. this is of no use to my business. so disappointing!
the recent update fixed the problems!. this app seems to be back to normal! 😄 qb online works great for working on the field and being mobile! 😊
unable to login via iphoneipad. every time i try and login from my iphone or ipad it tells me no account associated with the given information. but when i login via a web browser with the exact same information i have no problem. basically defeating the purpose of the app. fix asap please
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
. constantly updating features great app! they keep adding features that makes it easier to use.
solid app. i can invoice my customer on the way home on the train, and do just about anything else i need.
lacks features that is available online. i couldn't even adjust my personal profile. after customer service told me to get online and do it they still couldn't get me in it. they told me to request a refund on here. i emailed you for the refund. please refund
very good app. in general very good app. missing key features like banking, updates etc.
works well!. this app does what i need it to do. i'm an electrical contractor and i'm able to do all the bookkeeping myself with just a little help. i like the ability to make invoices on the job, enter receipts at stores, and view the status of customers. i would suggest this for any small business. i use the basic service ($10mth) and it's well worth it.
east coaster. i love the online version. i can use my laptop, ipad or iphone to update, send quotes or invoices and even take payments via email.
if i wanted a kick in the groin, well... i'd of watched the leafs with great hopes of the playoffs. that said, this app is the biggest chunk of dog crap in the history of humanity.. dumpster fire
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
just what i needed. i run a small contractor business doing remodel work. the mobile app has been a godsend. i can track all my estimates, invoices & expenses in one place. helps me track clients that are late payers too (which sometimes happens). i like it. 100% worth the subscription
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. i love the update with the option to deposit money in different accounts
too many glitches. i love quickbooks and i love that they have an app but there are a lot of glitches in the performance. the screen goes blurry, logs you completely out of the system inconveniently, customer list is unlined with the screen, there are more but minor.
. my app has stopped working on my samsung s9 for 2 days in a row. you should have sent an email to inform subscribers if your app is going to be experiencing a downtime.
great app. great app saves time works well recommend for chippys like myself :)
crap. this app is a piece of crap my dad got it on our computer.when u scroll it goes the opposite way and there is also a bunch of other crap. i would. it recommend getting this
. app runs extremely slowly and often won't even open. it freezes almost constantly. using a galaxy s8 phone.
easy to use.. does what i need it to do. helps me record my sales and expenses without a pc.
. not sure why i pay $16 a month for this app when it only works 60% of the time. please get the bugs worked out or i will have find another company to run my business with. cant access my account on tablet, cant save invoice or estimate on s8. please fix.
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program. the app on a mobile device doesn't even open. it says sync problem. it's been days since i logged into the app. always problems with this company. the app is terrible.....
great, easy to use quickbooks app. so many great features with this app, love it. so easy to use!
best accounting software. so easy to use. has so many features.
can’t use properly  soooo slow. i can’t use qbo app properly, the application is so slow, unable to load my data on my mobile (wifi lte network)
service after the sale is nonexistant!. i’ve been trying to get incorrect billing corrected for almost a month now. customer service directs me to my sales rep and the sales rep no longer responds to emails from me or his coworkers in customer service. try waveapps...it seems to be comparable to the simple start plan and it’s free!
. geat app!
. i share this app with a gal pal of mine and she loves using this app
. great for my needs to do estimates and invoices in the field.
great app!. our company switched from quickbooks desktop to the online version which came with the option to download the app. we now use the app more than online. we handle estimates, invoices, payments, banking and more directly in the app and on the go. the app has a simple and clean look making it easy to navigate. to date we haven't had any issues with it. we are excited to finally be able to get things done in less time!
need to be able to access full site. maybe i haven't had enough coffee but most mobile apps allow one to bypass the app and go straight to the web based version. this is frustrating  trying to quickly locate a reconcile issue in the register and can't see the data i need to effectively do so...
app freezes. since updating my iphone to 13.0 the quickbooks app freezes once it opens. at this point it is completely useless.
. this is a good program. however when using the app i cannot edit saved customers address for different job addresses to do invoices quicker on job sites.
. love it very helpful and easy to use looks very professional for estimates and invoices
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
new update horrible. it's always been glitch but since the new update i can't add products to the estimate and customer service is clue less in how to resolve the issue.
. garbage. doesn't even have a spot to track vehicle expenses. in the self employed version you can. but you can't track hst. would be nice to have one option for everything.
. ok app email invoice doesn't work version 3.8 been unable to send invoices via email for over a week now.
complement to quickbooks online. this app is a complement to quickbooks online. this apple really work good for making estimates sending invoices and much more. i wish gopayment and quickbooks online were integrated or as one. other than that, great app.
good app. no complains
. great product simple to use. great price. one less headache!
. while this app has a couple of problems, the benefits far outweigh the negatives. i would recommend it to anyone in business
would like more features. there are some features missing from the mobile version that i prefer  like seeing my bank account register even though i’m connected online; transferring info to turbotax; and automatically crediting extra payments on an account to the next invoice. unfortunately, i cannot transfer to another version except by hand, so i’m staying with this version.
fantastic app!. i can perform easily 90% of our quickbooks administrative work on the app version. this allows our business to save time and money! way to go guys!
crash, crash, crash. this app will crash and after every single thing you!
crash books pro. this terrific app asks you every few minutes to rate their program knowing that you want to tell the world how you can't send out an invoice without the app crashing. *update* i am having more issues with the app then ever. i can only assume quickbooks is either more useless then i thought. or they are retaliating for my review of their product. i have never had any program work this bad and i have worked it.
not good. it doesn't give access to all qb online features. i have to sign in online anyway. lots of error messages.
best in the market. it's so amazing how easy qb built this system even for someone with no experience in business management. it's worth give it a try once you do you will love it. i guarantee it!
great app. great app. can grab my ipad anywhere and do what i need to do.
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
. good app, making it easier for me to work on the road.
easy to use. works so good for business on the go.
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
can't live without it. i don't know how i did business before this app. i love that i can access my company books anywhere. i love the way i can take a photo of the receipts for my expenses. thank you qb!
poor service. difficult to set up invoice template and negotiate site, customer service poor, and when you try to write a review and send it off if the nickname is taken you have to write it all out again. as usual well advertised on tv but fails to deliver.
. quickbooks banking is my favorite part of the app, because it's easy you catergorise all your expenses and incomes. the dashboard shows an overview of your financial situation.
. very useful and easy to use on the go. price friendly too
. app is crashing. also, when it does log in successfully, it doesn't remember my state from previous login. it needs to downloads stacks of data all over again.
. love the new update. need mobile po creation now please.
. good, but... it doesn't have all the features of quickbooks online on the computer. it would be nice to manage expenses from my phone and to balance account registers. edit: with expenses added, it's now a more complete mobile business manager. happy to see the forward progress. keep adding the new features!
best small business app!. awesome app! very helpful
office portability. i can post info on the fly, keeping my books up to date, even up to the minute. my clients can get estimates instantly when asking for them. my bookkeeper can see what's going on with me right now.
doesn’t keep track of suppliers. this app works fine as long as you only want to send novices. unfortunately it doesn’t tell what you owe your suppliers and allow you to pay their bills, so while you are running around invoicing clients the suppliers will be sending the bailiffs round to your office.
. i keep getting a error that says unable to view payment because it includes finance charges. very frustrating when you can't view invoices.
jordan hugo ,. i'm young and in business , only small but this app is perfect for tracking my expenses and sending quotes off. highly recommend.
. app works great for day to day accounting. however, the app does not allow for the use of price rules. you can set up price rules in the browser version, but they do not port over to the android app version. we use a tablet on the floor, and cabt use the app, have to login via chrome browser, which is slower than the app.
. love to be available to quote, inovice, charge, see my clients, etc. on the go. i just have a few times that wasn't available to log in but overall good app
saves me 250month on payroll.. i can now run my corporation from my tablet, without an accountant. invoice on job site while on the clock instead of for free at home away from kids. also it’s 250 bucks a month cheaper for qb to do my payroll compared to my accountant to do quarterly sales tax reporting and weekly payroll for 1 5 employees...
excellent. does everything i need for my small business and allows seamless coordination with my accountant.
amazing app. excellent service?
. great app! keeps me going while on the go!
professional.. this app helps me quickly and easily stay looking professional and on time with my invoices and government payments
much better after last update. this app came a long way, for canadians its now usable and competitive to the other services, it took a while but its very nice now.
app freezes. since updating my iphone to 13.0 the quickbooks app freezes once it opens. at this point it is completely useless.
. excellent app
clunky. will not keep me signed in, the thing is a nightmare
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
. love that i can create estimates, invoices, and view my banking account activity all on the go with one app.
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
desktop to online user. qb desktop user who switched to qbo. really like the ability to use on all my computers and ios devices. just wish it would have easier reports to make and use. no time sheets feature in ios, tsheets by quickbooks fills that void.
. dashboard is broken!! loads but shows up blank. i can see things in the activity page but everything else doesn't work!! please fix this. i'm running android 10
. please add support for whattsup business app
is not accurate. my accounts are not in sync with my bank and credit card ontime balance. needs update.
needs a lot of work. app does not show up in recent app list. also it does not sync automatically.
lost a key feature!!!😡. update is great except they took away the option when creating a new customer to use a contacts info that's on the device.
. this app works great
good app and great support. easy to use although experienced problem with vat rate not being editable in online desktop version. intuit' response was really quick and efficient and friendly. highly recommend.
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
pretty lame. seriously? the thing crashes a lot , but i can deal with that. the real problem for me is the lack of calendar in the invoice line item. i would love to use this, but if i can't put the date that i provided a service in my invoice, the it is useless to me. too bad safari doesn't work either, or i would just use that.
extraordinary app for business beyond traditional desktop. quickbooks rules a new dimension on simplified business processes. it is a great app well synchronized with online services, so you can manage different critical aspects of your business on the way and connected. its interface reflects trust, flexibility and fluidity.
. the worst!!!! i switched to a new phone and now it doesn't recognize my user name and password. it even allowed me to change the password and then wouldn't recognize the new one. called twice to resolve the problem. first time, 35 minute wait and hung up. 2nd time 40 minute wait, hung up. i will be canceling my subscription and looking for a quality competitor who values customer service. what a shame!
mrs. love quickbooks and this app is sooo easy to use and love it!
. easy to use. very convenient great app
new business. great app, easy to use when building my own business.
. very slow. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. quite disappointed with it.
the speedy man, owner. i run my business on quickbook online for a year, and i never had any issues. i suggest, to new subscribers, getting familiar with the desktop version and having a basic accounting background , we can perform a ton of tasks on it. afterwards, we can start using the mobile app.
"about 710. not bad but not good. the app keeps requiring updates if used on apple products. not an issue but the updates never appear. quickbooks blames apple and apple blame quickbooks. we ""updated to the cloud version"" from a pcm based quickbooks. so far we are very very disappointed."
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
. app keeps closing even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data.
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
update the update, please.. i love this app. i use it every day, but the new update (4.5, released yesterday) will not let me record payments or save new invoices. it forces me to cancel each time, which doesn't save any changes made. please fix asap.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
stable. no longer crashes. the first update into ios 10.0.2 was really bad. wouldn't load. this update fixes that issue and i'm back working. was a setback for a week as i do a lot of invoice updates through the app, but i made due.
*terrible app*. do not take the chance with this program its flawed at best and is only designed to take as much money off you for as long as possible. it has multiple errors all the time. find something for better value and don’t pout it in control of your business because when it fails you have no control whatsoever.
. i'm getting an error code when i try to click on mileage trips and assign them business or personal. works on desktop but not in phone. other than that it's easy to assign categories for transactions and separate business from personal.
. this app is rubbish. it doesn't do the single thing you'd think was necessary using phone camera to take photo of receipt to attach to transaction.
difference maker. love the program, made it much easier to price jobs, track paidunpaid invoices and keeps track of all business info
very useful!. this app allows me to send clients a sales receipt as soon as they hand me the cash, invaluable when visiting clients.
ran into unsupported transactions within 1 minute.. the app is difficult to navigate, bloated and slow, using a ton of wireless data. the app would be much better as multiple singlefunction apps. i mean, do i really need to log in to qb to snap a pic of a receipt and submit it for later? typical quickbooks bad experience. very disappointing.
. app is crashing as soon as it starts... 🙄
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
easy to use.. does what i need it to do. helps me record my sales and expenses without a pc.
. simple, fast and easy to use
great ui and mobile to desktop experience. i just started using quickbooks about two months ago and i don't know what i would do without it now. it's simple, easy to run a freelance business with. it's helped me become a freelance business and get paid which is the most important part :)
qb online. personal accounting made easier
still can’t attach a receipt. even after the most recent update, i still can’t attach a photo of a receipt. i can select the photo from my library, but the save button has been missing since the last ios update.
fairly good. not too bad, does most of the things you can do with your browser on pc but i would like to see the ability to update your bank account in the app
total scam. i do not have the ability to open this app but somehow you have been able to continue to bill my credit card monthly. i cancelled a credit card because you have no contact info. sites to cancel service by. somehow you have gotten ahold of my new cc info!!! cancel this service now!!!!
so far so good!. easy to use, quick, simple. like it so far...
. great app! very affordable. quick to uload and edit inventory items.
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎"
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
. nice app
all around, it's a great product!. i just wish it had a better breakdown of hours billed or units soldcost per unit on the invoices. maybe it's there in the settings to do this, i just haven't figured out how to do it yet. otherwise i love it.
. i like it. i came across a bug at the start but i called quickbooks and they resolved it the next day thankfully
alcatel one touch. great app for small business.
makes life easier. only wished i could do more on it, instead of having to input on my pc.
. i travel for work and this app is awesome. i can write and email estimates, invoices, and recieve payments on the fly. it makes my life way easier.
makes life easier. does everything i need! only 1 suggest...i want to sort quotes by date created...
. app is crashing as soon as it starts... 🙄 edit: app is now working, i wish all features of the desktop version were also available on mobile.
. can do a lot quickly. like most apps doesn't allow you to do everything you can do on full site. great for adding invoices on the go.
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, doesn't handle banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
actually professional now. i was using word to create invoices, then excel to keep track of when they were paid. now it's all done in one place and even sends a professional looking invoice to my clients! i should've moved to quick books long ago!
love this app!!!. it's come a long ways in being user friendly. i do wish you could have the access and control you have from your desktop to at least review your reports. see your registers.
love it. great software when teamed up with abdroid app
pretty good but no international customers?. the vendors that are set up as eu or other don't show up on interface, a problem when half your business is international. also, entering invoices is cumbersome, only use for extreme circumstances. but nice to have something that partially functions when on the run.
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
. excellent app for smes
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
qb intuit online app. fantastic program highly recommend 👍😀
is this a lite version? where are the other features?. the features included in the app are good, but i wish it was a bit fuller. it's like a lite version. more capability with a paid add maybe?
easy to use and great features. i moved to quickbooks after trying xero, and find it at least as good for my needs and much better value. good foreign currency support, which is important for me.
. when is the app going to be available for india??
. love it, it makes my life easier.
amazing. great app and really easy to use. no need to wait to be at the office to do any transaction, all done easy and simple right on the spot!!!!!!!
. quick books online is perfect for a small business owner like myself. i can have a professional bookkeeping,payroll, and tax service with also being able to provide estimates and invoices out in the field. its perfect!! thanks so much much quick books. trey blocker blocket tree service
. this app makes my life so much easier
at $12.99 month not free (false advertising). imagine my surprise, i trusted qbooks desktop to run my company, not sure i can trust some goof advertising free app and not letting you see anything unless you sign the free trial then $12.99month
owner light it up. cannot login iphone 6s qb update will not download properly can't get into customer information what the cuss😡😡
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
good resource. i will update this as i see necessary, haven't made a customer service call yet. but overall the navigation is something to get used to because it's very in depth and many details that you would expect are included with the software.
all the essentials in an app. works good so far. allows for quick sorting of transactions and gives all of the essential components for a mobile version. it would be nice to be able to work in budgets in app.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
suits me. so easy to use, perfect for my tiny business. don't need accounting skills the workflow has been designed very well and support is great.
. there is a lack of flexibility. it seems like the app was modeled with a streamlined appraoch to limited process. maybe over a few business' but i am used to more flexibility that you would expect in an app like quickbooks but isn't.
. dont know about this app seeing as it woulkd let me register but never able to log in
crashes, not usable, nexus 5x. crashes and no longer usable on a stock nexus 5x on android 6.0.1. app is now useless to me on my phone which is a major problem.
. i found it absolutely amazing, my team are starting to use it and they love it. reduced our time to monitor our income by a whopping 75%! we have also downloaded it into our tablets, iphones and can view and monitor and action it online and on the go, glad i bought the app!
subscription renewal poorly thought out. i have been using qbonline for more than a year. it picked the worst time to time out and demand a subscription renewal. further it requires multiple logins and you must be st your desk top. nothing more frustrating than what amounts to a software crash when you are trying to get things done. huge fail quickbooks
works great. i just started using this for a small business and while i'm still figuring out a few of the functions for accounting, it's quite intuitive overall. it's a very useful piece of software.
security update  unable to sign in. since the security update for sign in features i'm unable to sign into my account using the app.. defeats the purpose of having it aug 23, 2016  just redownloaded the app and have full access once again. oct 20, 2016  unable to select cash, check or credit account to pay an expense.
. i want & need a 5 star but i cannot get any kind of help with my issue , which is i cannot get my invoices to go out via gmail. help!
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
incredible. totally simplified my accounting.. i switched from sage to qbo and have not looked back. easy to setup and learn. can send invoices from my phone in seconds. i recommend it to everyone i know!!
. good this is a pretty good program. it would be better if you could create purchase orders and make deposits.
crash instantly on iphone 5. this app crashes instantly and doesn't operate on my iphone 5 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work. why don't you guys fix this?
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
did update have had issues ever since. cannot download all of he files needed keep getting error code 10000. no resolution
. love using app
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
. very user friendly great app great technical support i recommend it to anyone
suits me. so easy to use, perfect for my tiny business. don't need accounting skills the workflow has been designed very well and support is great.
estimate layout. i like the way the app works, i have problems when i need to include a lot of info on the estimates. when i send it it leaves the first page blank and cuts of some of the info on the second page. overall great though!
stay well away!. worst software i have used to date. zero customer service. ignores all complaints. takes forever to load. constant problems. not user friendly.
. i had an inapp issue and received help immediately. i love this app and really appreciate you guys. you make my life a lot easier, 💯💯
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
very good app.... i truly love this app! it permits me to oversee my business' financial condition in real time. i use the qbo plus, it would be nice if it had more of the options present in qb premium for consultants. the project management and customer billing customization would make this an even better app.
so convenient!. i can access accounts and bill clients immediately after appointments. it is very easy to navigate and accomplish what i need done!
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
. great app
garbage. i still can't login since last updated. it's been a freaking month
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments. would be nice if inventory feature wasn't additional cost
hate the app. limited functionality of the app makes it virtually useless... unless i have access to a pic or laptop, i can't do all the things i need to do. the program itself is good, just not sure why the app hasn't caught up yet.
fantastic. great bit of kit can do everything i need on the go send invoices and put in my expenses
overly complicated for sole prop. this app is useless for simple small business money in money out, it shouldn’t be this hard and definitely not worth the fight
. i used the app mainly to create invoices when i'm out of the office. it's so awesome to be able to do this on the fly!
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
impresessed. this app helped change my business!!!!!!!!!
needs some work. this app is good but needs more work. error message kept popping up while working in it. some tasks are missing like entering bills. can't find sign out button or switch to a different company.
perfect. works great for my contracting business. i mainly use it for estimates and invoices.
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
this has made my life infinitely easier!. intuitively designed, have yet to need a feature it doesn't have!
disappointing update. was able to do deposit on the go with earlier version. please fix.
. great app. very easy to use
paid invoices not turning green or showing paid when they actually are. after receiving the payment, the invoices are not turning green and are not saying paid even though they are paid this is important and needs to be fixed as soon as possible.
8 sur 10. très efficace!
cool, but need to be able to do more. i hope we can check chart of accounts and other company settings as well from the app
best addition for any business on the go!. the free trial was amazing. my favorite part is having the ability to send invoices. while setting up my merchant services, customer support was kind and easy to work with. now it's easier to bill my clients from my phone. i track everything. get the quickbooks app. you won't regret it!
worthless app. i was excited to find this app and, unfortunately, downloaded it. i really cannot figure out what is good for other than creating invoices. confusing when you open the app, it does not get better as you get into it, not that there is anything to get into. i run a small non profit & just found this app useless, except for taking up space. what a pity as i have been a qb user for years.
. nice app. easy to build and send invoices.
. does as promised, great extension for using quick books on the run. a must have for business over view at a glance. if your pc crashes this is your life jacket!
so far so good. it's not fussy like sage one. just nice and simple. it's saved me time just to do my invoices worth it for that.
background usage accounts for 50 percent of battery life. this app completely drains my battery. i thought my battery was broken and was about to replace it, but apple tech report suggested i check on battery usage by app and i discovered quickbooks was the culprit.
love it. wish i could edit my estimate better.
wish i started a long time ago. with a service business, being able to keep up on paperwork throughout the day with the mobile app is a huge time savings. i wish there was a side bar that would allow easier navigation though.
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
helpful app 😊. so far very satisfied with this app. able to record expenses and deposits on the go and quickly. less time spent doing tedious book work. two thumbs up! 👍🏻👍🏻
. no problems for me. works great
time saver, makes everything simple. thus app saves time and allows for doing simple tasks on the go making my church more accurate and efficient
rubbish. i need to see my bills.
. does what i need but could add a few things i love this app. i use it in my barbershop and i like the fact everything is all there whether it is on my tablet, phone or computer. the only other thing i would like to see incorporated into it is the ability to generate paystubs and do payroll then email to employees. but we can't have everything we want. aside from that, fantastic program. keep up the good work.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
proadvisor. love using this to service so many clients at once. truly has made my life so much easier being able to work when ever i am needed!
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
a j rooter. it's an easy program to use makes life a lot less aggravating when you can do your work on the road
freezes all the time. it will kick me out several times in a session and it freezes up and doesn't save the work that i have done. not very user friendly for newcomers.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
everything i need right from my phone. so handy to be able to do estimates, invoices, and record my expenses right from my phone! will save a lot of time with bookkeeping as now i can enter everything on the go.
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
. fantastic overall experience. easy and convenient to use
it works great!. great app and works flawlessly.
jl. great for small business on the go.... got it sync with square and it makes it even better. great job!!!
. app stopped syncing transactions, useless!
as a cpa, i think qboa is by far the best of the big three. it's better organised then myob and xero and accepts wpns which neither xero or myob will. the fact that it's half their price makes it an absolute winner
great app. works well recommend for chippys like myself :)
. does what it says. i'd recommend booking some hours with a qb approved accountant to get it set up right, once you've got it set up it takes care of itself. quality.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
subscription error can't download app now. stuck... help!
. this app is just perfect. simple and easy to use and anyone without any accounting background can easily adapt to use it. 👍
excellent. does everything i need to do on the go which is great. don't always get time in a busy day to sit down and send invoices, but i can with this while i'm out.
updates that don’t install. first of all got up to install and it won’t
. quickbooks is not stable as it should be and regarding support and response they are very lazy even basic business options are not available like we cannot see the prices in products and services etc
i use it with all my clients!. having a business solutions & consulting biz for years there have been times i've lost notes or even lost billable time. having the ease of this program not only resolves that, but it also runs easily in multiple platforms including my preferred operating system utilizing a linux distribution.
crabbywyatts llc. great tool has made my life easier.
best accounting app except for some glitch. it is the best accounting app that i had so far. i like the inventory part. what i don't like is that the activities for the suppliers are empty but with the web and desktop app the activities appear.
. very handy for a lanscaper on the go. now i can email invoices as soon as we are finished right from my smartphone, wether i'm standing next to the customer or in the truck. makes my life easier
plenty to be desired. there are options such as making expenses billable is not available. previously had issues with adjusting tax in the app and the support team told me to use the web based version. what's the point in having an app with features when the support team just tells you use the web version.
. quickbooks provides all we needs as a small business. their support is always patient and helpful.
. software works ok and only ok. however the monthly price seems to have gone up exponentially for no reason over the last 2 years.
. keeps my accountant happy 😇
we be removing from my ipad. while it allows you to look at a couple of reports, the entries do not link to account activity, making the app useless for me. i will be removing it from my ipad.
invoices and estimates design. the design and layout of the invoices and estimates templates are outdated. seems like a small thing, but it reflects poorly on a business’ brand, and it is so easily fixed on your end. hire a professional designer and give clients a template that says quickbooks cares about our brand too.
. very easy to use, takes little effort to keep track of all your sales and spending. i do wish it had a spot to put miles withought buying the mile version though.
. amazing app ever!!
valuable tool to have in the field. i installed the app, imported company files from my desktop and boom i was doing estimates and invoices in the field.
. does as promised, great extension for using quick books on the run. a must have for business over view at a glance. if your pc crashes this is your life jacket!
quickbooks online + app. quickbooks online is making my business accounts so easy. the bank connections feature allows you to sync online accounts straight into your account records. when new transactions are available, you can view and add them straight into your accounts, made easier by quicbooks match feature that marks transactions with previous similar transactions. support during setup period has been excellent which has made switching from another online accounting software quite an easy process. very impressive so far.
. unable to see customer payment transactions and limited functionality. unable to generate detailed customer statements.
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
great software all round. quickbooks is easy to use and manage. software and app work easily together. makes small businesses life simpler. love being able to use app to do expenses and invoicing on the go.
easy to use. very easy to use makes billing fast
. i am finally happy 99% with qb online quickbooks has finally added the ability to add expences through the android market. it is now, by far the easiest way to send out estimates, invoices and add expenses. i'm a contractor and it works perfect for what i do. well worth the $40.00 a month, trust me. ............
money grabber. quickbooks will offer subscription service. i paid for it because of the discount and then they didnt allow me to accept payments through their app. you have to assess the profile first before asking for payment.
brilliant app with loads of features!. so easy to use. so easy to learn. instant bank feeds. invite your accountant & bookkeeper & other users. so much support from intuit & the australian team. what's not to like? intuit have put together a great product for the small to medium business owner. thoroughly recommend this product.
good app. needs improvements as its a little tricky to use. and doesn't allow much access. but overall okay
. simple and very efficient! send invoices ..receipts taxes. everything in one place! love it!
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
. great app, doesn't crash and still much to learn from it bur its helping keep my business organized
poor. the program is slow and it is hard to find what you want. does not compare to their desktop version.
. this app is easy to use and convenient
. hated it, warning, stay away. it mess up my quickbook online, duplicate everything, customer service promise to contact me, never happened. service bad. do not waste your time downloading. app version is useless, synchronization keep duplicates my receipts, and much more issues. stay away from quickbooks app. still not fix customer support ain't helping either, because is a third party app....
best accounting app. easy to understand & learn
. not sure if this was resolved but in reviewing past expenses and invoices, it looks like 85% have disappeared. if i entered more than 1 expense on a single day, it kept 1. some days i entered 56 receipts if not more and now i'm redoing them all. switched to a bookkeeper this year so haven't used the app in 6+ months.
i love it!. awesome app! it simplifies everything! along with the selfemployment app you can't beat it!
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
missing some features. should have all the capabilities that the web site has, no reason not too. i can print from my phone so why not print my payroll too? at least viewrun payroll.
verging on useless. download it but don’t expect to get much out of it. how a multibillion dollar company can produce a product so lacking in functionality boggles the mind. it’s almost as if intuit is intentionally trying to offend its customers.
. good gets better we run our company on this app
bugs galore. i hvae been using this app now for 4 years and it is the buggiest app i have ever used. there are times where the app works flawlessly, and when it does it is a great tool, however this is a small percentage of the time. i would not recommend using the online version to anyone using the desktop version. the worst thing about the app is that you cannot transfer the content to the desktop version for mac.
deceiving. it doesn’t show a price until you’ve finished setting it up then offers a 50% discount or pay full price. so i deleted it
. great smb accounting software. use it for my company and have had no issues at all. customer support is responsive as well.
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
failure......again. when will quickbooks get their act together???? touch id to log in is gone with this update, still a lot of features from desktop version are missing. don't like the idea that the user has no control on the data and backups.
. this app lags like crazy. i have a note 8 so it's not the phone. why have an app if the performance is poor?
. 1720 update  i had used the mobile app for android for quite a long time with no issue and then approximately one month ago after an update the dashboard no longer has any information and is blank. i can still see activity but there's no way to get to customers or any of the other functions. i've emailed previously with no response. previous review: works well for viewing quickbooks info and taking payments
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
. great app!
awesome app!. this is a smooth and seamless app that allows me to access all of my company needs wherever i am. invoicing in particular is easy, efficient, and professional!
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
waiting time.. impossible to connect it on my samsung tablet. very disappointing.
great app!. i can operate from my cell phone and know where i stand in my finances while on the go! great app.
. you are loosing users. i also cann't login. please give me possible way to sign up.
. this app has been helping me manage my business much better than before
fantastic for on the go.. customers pay me and i put it right in the app. no waiting until i get home to forget. love this app.
mr dak kanani. very good app
couldn't ask for more!. everything you need, intuitive and great access with mobile apps!
why the love. app just doenst work well  slow and just not a great experience.
ok in parts. most of the invoices don't reach the recipient and when receiving payment it automatically defaults to undisclosed funds.
mr. the problem with quick books on line is that you can't choose what account a payment is credited to when using an ipad or iphone. it automatically placed it in to an undeposited account and then you have to log on to quick books using a pc and transfer it over to the desired account. for example current account. basically you do the work twice and defeats the option of doing accounts on the go.
ios 13 crashing. app crashing after password screen , ios 13 is not compatible with this app at present , considering the amount my company pays for quickbooks i’m disappointed to say the least .
. nice app
love it. what a wonderful app for running a biz.
small businesses best friend. if you have a small business this should be the first thing that you get. having this on your phone to do invoices on the spot is the only way to go.
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks
quick books. i love it makes my business operations so much easier!
fantastic software.. i'm very satisfied with the quickbooks software
"can't log in. been trying to log in but i keep getting the error ""connection to server failed"". it's really disappointing"
. this software has made it possible for me to run a business having no prior experience, and not really being good at budgeting personally. recommend it at the drop of a hat.
. great app, but not as functional as desktop version.
. great app!!
. new to the program
. awesome app
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
. vary user friendly, takes awhile to learn all the ins and outs but a lot better then the old ways still. great for a small business.
love it!!!. i can use this app on the go!!!
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
great software. great affordable option for small businesses. this software is incredibly helpful to ease the stress of being an entrepreneur.
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
four years of online qb. qb has simplified my life, given me access to billing for my clients on my cell phone and made it super easy to process transactions. i'm also able to allow my bookeeper, cpa and salesperson access to the areas they need. the only thing that would make it better would be having the ability to print transaction reports for vendors like we can for customers.
enables my business.... ...to run smooth and accurately from monthtomonth, yeartoyear. managing multiple clients and accounts would be a nightmare without quickbooks.
overall works great.. you should be able to delete an invoice without having to log in from the computer. ok i stand corrected thank you for the help and a very quick response! i now can say 5 stars! i will see how easy this transitions to turbo tax at the end of the year. hopefully it does with out any issues. but for now i love it.
. makes my job easier.
terrible. this app has so many problems. it will freeze up and the only way to fix it is to delete he app and download it again. i wii ok old not recommend.
great app. found this app so easy and user friendly for our small business 😃
terrible app. keeps crashing. keeps dumping you out telling you that “critical updates “ and must login again. try to login and  am a very longtime customer  it tells you your company is nonexistent. ba humbug. complain to intuit and they say use a “supported” device. in other words: don’t use the app. time to find software other than quick books.
pretty good. limited invoice customisation is annoying but otherwise pretty good. app works great.
record keeping at its finest. works great and keeps my business records up to date at all times. so simple to use but capable of handling any business transaction you may need.
. doesn't have my back in its list, so it's useless. i've cancelled my subscription. when i contacted support, they were obsessed with my subscription, rather than the actual issue.
basic functionality. just signed up for quickbooks online. the android app installed fine on my new samsung tablet. no issues running and using app. however, the app is minimal functionality. there is also no good dashboards like the pc or online web version of the program. pretty disappointed being development of such features is not complicated nor expensive for a home dashboard.
. the first couple of months it was working great. the last two months it complete stopped working, i'm paying for it when it doesn't even work. the bank transactions are way off and it not showing my recent bank transactions.
awesome app!. really useful app!!!
update is horrible!. i've been using qb online app for a long time. and it seem like the app finally had started to improve and now this latest update has caused some great frustration. i do not recommend updating totally get these glitches resolved.
really like it!. this app is very easy to use. i just wish that i could deposit from the app. i love being able to make the receipts on the go but i have to wait to get in front of the computer to make the deposit. other than that it's great.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. great business program
. gd apps
latest update. the last update has the photo settings all messed up. you can no longer capture a good picture that will send with invoices. it either won’t attach to the invoice or it’s cropped automatically to the point the entire page doesn’t show. needs to be fixed. already looking at other options for my business.
no more ios 8 support. disappointed that app developers are dropping ios8 support. not everyone upgrades the second apple comes out with a new ios
recommend for one stop booking & accounting. i tried many softwares for accounting , the only reason i choose this platform because of its graphics & designs , the dashboard itself give you a ray of positivity , they design the dashboard and entire platform graphics in future aspect. apart from it there customer service is also and helpful. cheers !! ashutosh
waste of money. it seems like they are doing what every other company is doing. charging more for less. switched over to qb online and it has been a waste of money. no customization what so ever. looking for another program with better interface.
. so far so good hope it can make tax time easier
". this app is trash, has me very upset won't let me add a bank account just keeps saying ""hmm connection error"". this is bs i just signed up for this service and won't let me connect your app sucks and most likely will seek a refund. have tried wifi, mobile, what the funk, not quick in my opinion..."
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
good software, app needs work. quickbooks online is a great way to manage your business. this app, while functional, still needs some work
made my life easier. i use to spend all weekend doing paper work and now i do it as i go in the car.
crap. this update is crap. my invoices won't update with the ipad. nothing like beta testing on your customers. typical for quickbooks
. love it! i'd love to learn more about how to fully utilize it but it's pretty simple to use. and that very key!
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer service (james refusing a last name or initial from customer care) experience, nothing resolved. no response from error logs. called and even gave control of my computer. never did intuit offer any fix. ongoing issues over 6 months damaging my business.
dead in the water here.. i have been using qb on line for a while now. there is still a lot of bugs that will drive you out of your skin, and nobody gives a dam. today the app updated and now i can’t even get in. waisted my entire evening reseting my password and still nothing. i have had it with qb!
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
. this app is great for tracking income and expenses! feels good to know how i am doing on a dailyweeklymonthlyqtrlyannual basis. keeps me competitive and on track financially.
. great way to write and send invoices in the field
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
update ruined a great small business tool. quickbooks use to be an awesome tool to let us send invoices after a job is completed on the spot. it also allowed a user to edit payment information anywhere via the mobile app. this is now all gone thanks to the new update. if it is not fixed soon, we are looking into transferring our accounts to another system.
amazing. at last i can invoice on the move and do the rest of my book keeping as i go. great app and easy to use.
review. someone pretending to be quickbooks last year fraudulently took roughly a thousand saying they where i.t saying it was for servicing wish that i was told by email or phone call to look out for this type of thing
. love being able to work in quickbooks from my phone! one of the best features is being able to take a picture of your receipt and attach it to your expenses right from your phone. makes your bookkeeping incredibly easy! wonderful customer service, love the payroll, too many good things to say about this app.!
". loving being able to access and invoice on the go! can be slow but so can online. entering invoices on phone i have to hide the keyboard to go to next field  be good to have ""next"" button."
. great app. would like to see a banking tab like online.
. no issues for me yet.
pathetic. when will intuit wake up and get a real program for the ipad? very limited unless all you want is invoicing....disappointed....was hopeful at one point but have had it with intuit
ouch. does not have my bank listed. does me no good. been paying for 1 year now. and i see no where how to stop subscribing. cost me over $10.00 a month.
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
can’t log in. says my email and password can’t be found (app only).
. east to use
very pleased client. i love this app. it has saved me so many times. there are a couple things you can't do on the app that you can do on the desktop like change your payment information but i have no issue with that. thanks intuit for another great product.
best accounting software. best investment made so far on quickbooks and the app just excels... this is really awesome :) big ups intuit
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
. great app friendly to use can create receipts on the spot. i am a mobile repair service and i run all my sales thru this app.
better than ever but. i'd say your app is better than ever but you won't get 5 stars from me until i can do payroll on this app.
. won't let me unsubscribe to the app so stuck paying a monthly subscription for a service i don't use. there's better completely free apps out there.
. love the app. can do work any place.
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
. why doesn't this app work at all on my samsung?? its saying it can't be supported.
. was wary, but the convenience is worth a lot until the latest update. now i cant sign on. been a week since they told me there was an issue. still not resolved. spent several hours on hold listing to garbled elevator music that can not be turned down. customer support blows.
update the update, please.. i love this app. i use it every day, but the new update (4.5, released yesterday) will not let me record payments or save new invoices. it forces me to cancel each time, which doesn't save any changes made. please fix asap.
. qbo is great... however, the app sucks! the info on the home page is rarely if ever correct. paid invoices show as still do, p&l info is incorrect compared to what it shows on the website. now i can't edit downloaded transaction to add an image of my receipts. plus, it's no longer showing all of my accounts when i go to categorize a transaction. what the heck happened?!
. the app has never been that useful and honestly i feel like quickbooks is losing my favor. now the app won't change the dates on reports. we live in a day in age when i expect to be able to access information when and where i need it, and if i can't count on something then i need to move to something i can count on.
great app. for on the go consultants, this is amazing. get paid faster by sending an invoice right after a service visit.
dissapointed. this is the frontline of my business as i am a mobil service technician. app no longer will save or complete an invoice. this is crippling my business! fixxxxxx please immediately!
easy, convenient. make offsite transactions quick and easy.
inconsistent. ipad app is missing enter bills. doesn’t match screen layout of online.
great and helpful app!. very easy and lots of good components for business transactions. good job!
. it works well for me so far. i have a lot more to learn
great for businesses on the move. makes invoicing easier if not in office all the time ,
since ios 13 update not working. since ios 13 update not working so frustrating
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
useless. app is slow and hard to use.
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app!
. now, can't even access some of my clients from the app. i have sent the error logs several times to intuit, but no response. it keeps getting worse. lacking the fingerprint option to login. also, accepting transactions from bank feed in android not as smooth as it is in iphone. app starts freezing after accepting a few transactions. additionally, progressive invoicing does not work in the app. should make it more useful for accountants though, adding bank reconciliations capability would help.
better than sage. so i've been using sage for about a year now and decided to switch to quickbooks. best decision ever. quickbooks is much more simple. totally recommend it.
great!. enjoy the app very much
logging out.... every time i open the app, it logs out. so now i have to keep my qb password with me. love qb but hate this app. have raised the issue, been ignored.
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
nice on the go. great way to keep up with business on the go. makes it nice and easy to get information for decision making while away. simple to use
very disappointed. there is very little you can actually do with the app.. not impressed am canceling the account.
. great app
. so easy to use! i wish i had started to use this when i set up my business! it saves me so much time and i can enter transactions from my tablet which is so convenient. i also love the way it links (safely) to my bank account and automatically brings all my transactions into quickbooks. would strongly recommend!
. using it to track expenses and take pictures of receipts. working great for me.
. great app!
. has made my life much much easier please include income list
spam generator. don't get involved with intuit. they're stalkers. whatever utility the app has is outweighed by the spam
does not work after update. tech support recommended i get a android. claims apple is the problem.
overall good product. not having access to the entire online tools on the app makes for complicated tasks at times. the online browser does not run fluently with a safari browser so if i need anything beyond basics i need to get to a pc.
. i used for years and worked great the online quickbooks. if cancelling, be careful because it has glitch and it is hard to get the refund.
easy & intuitive. plenty of available materials and support. plenty of support along the way.
great app!!. great app
easy to use. really happy with quickbooks in general.
so happy. awesome app
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
unable to login. trying to login on iphone from my user & password but unfortunately unable to do. the same user & password is working proper on my pc. kindly resolve the said issue at the earliest. thanks.
. no option to import sales and purchase. even a free software in india provides this feature. need to install a third party software for that and is very confusing. purchased the service but not now i will not use this.
topbooks. superb software, tried the rest and settled for the best. highly recommended.
. i love this app. it allows me to promptly create an invoice on the spot which allows me to close the deal quickly. every small business should use this app!!
fix the app!!!. this app use to work great until the last update! please fix asap!
literally crashes every time i try to enter a sale.. great for tracking expenses but useless for processing and tracking sales. very disappointed.
didn't work for me. kept getting an error that i don't have an online account. yet it asks me to verify and gives me my cell or email to verify with.
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
"yay...it's working again!!. qbs has been quite efficient and easy to use! i appreciate like the constant improvements!! however, note to developer...i wish this app gave ""real time"" remindsnotices of when to bill a client based on days, just to make it more customized???!? maybe add a calendar with an to synchronize with the personalipad calendars??? i down know, i just find myself calculating day for my customized client each time, instead of just getting a notification. thank, still love this app!!!"
. nice app. easy to build and send invoices.
"fees on fees. while the app itself works and is fairly handy, i strongly advise against quickbooks as a company. i signed on as a business owner for $6.95 a month and was immediately slapped with over $100 in fees hidden in ""fine print"". worse is the utter inability to get any customer support from intuit. i canceled my subscription and despite already paying for the month, lost access immediately and lost all of my records. then i got billed again. stay away."
excellent. for someone who hates keeping receipts. this system is perfect, i simply photography my receipts, lose them as usual and still get to claim my expenses. no more awful receipts for me!!
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software. update: this was a problem they had seen and were working on. they fixed it and informed me of the fix a few hours later. working now.
. perfect in the website version. but in the mobile version when we want to find the product cannot search by sku very inconvenient.
excellent app. i like the qb app better than the online version of qb. the app is easier to use and allows me to operate my business with no paperwork and less time spent doing bookkeeping and office work.
fix it. quit making me sign in again and telling me my session expired.. there are multiple safety factors already in place that should allow me to open my app and go to work
some what happy. quick book is useful however, it's use is not as user friendly as it could be. the extra time it takes for me to have to identify items and upload others takes up more than i care to.
great app, very useful and always improving!. this app is the greatest tool in our businesses ability to streamline work, easy to use.
great customer support. when they updated the app they changed how bank deposits are recorded. it used to be from the home screen you could tap the plus sign and in addition to entering a debit you could add a deposit. they took that away and i was confused. but their customer support responded quickly to my review explaining that they had moved it to the top three bars. i’m solved! and i really appreciated them responding.
great software. very happy i use to use a different software but it wasn't as good as quickbooks thank you quickbooks
. i downloaded this app and not once has it worked. it crashes when i'm trying to login. i've never made it past the login screen!
no multi currency = useless. i enabled multicurrency on my quickbooks account, which you can not revert once applied. and now i find that when i log into the app, it won’t show transactions or customers that use anything other than my base currency. useless. utterly useless.
. data always not updated. when try to update manually, it takes a very long time.
mileage tracking not working. the app works well except for mileage tracking
business on the run. quickbooks online with the ios app make operating a travel based business on the run simple. log invoices as you go. input estimates along the way. print and mail or email all at once at the end of the day. not to mention the helpful reports and expense management. i couldn't run my business without it.
. not all the features are in the app. great on the go!
. does what i'm looking for.
crashes since update. i've tried to create a twoline invoice repeatedly since the update, and it crashes every time. will update review when it works.
. great software i use it on my laptop, phone and tablet. easy to use very happy with product. would recommend to any business owner
the best accounting app i've used. quickbooks intergrates seamlessly with your store all you have to do is keep track of your expensenses!
needs improvement. i just started using this app while traveling. it doesn’t compare to the site on my pc. very unfriendly and difficult to impossible to bring up to date.much incomplete data. need to go to work on this one of its to be useful.
great app. awesome app for entrepreneur business.
. love being able to work in quickbooks from my phone! one of the best features is being able to take a picture of your receipt and attach it to your expenses right from your phone. makes your bookkeeping incredibly easy! wonderful customer service, love the payroll, too many good things to say about this app.!
good. great product however cannot get online payment via paypal to work. also would be convenient if could add accounts via the app and not need to log onto computer.
major flaw  can’t add receipts to expenses. no dropbox or photo option. they advertise this system as super easy and convenient. you can’t add receipts from photos or dropbox. that makes the ‘add attachment ‘ pretty much pointless. i take a picture of an expense receipt but 0 way of adding it ... seriously. who designed this app.???
worked awesome until latest update. just says error every time i log in. worked great before update however.
. fantastic, easy to use software. i own two small businesses and quickbooks has made my life a lot easier. with the app i can use it anywhere, which is a nice bonus. highly recommend it!
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
this app is a need!. this app makes running a side buisness so easy and convenient that you can do nothing but make a profit! love this app dont change a thing
. excellent app.
works well. great app, easy to see what's going on at a glance
aplicación útil y práctica. el uso de la aplicación es fácil e intuitivo y permite controlar casi todas las funciones de la versión web. en mi opinión lo único que falta es la capacidad de hacer tareas offline. esto sería de gran ayuda para avanzar el trabajo cuando estás sin conexión (en un avión por ejemplo) y también es importante que se amplíe la posibilidad de conectar con más bancos, el mío no está disponible ahora y eso es una carga de trabajo extra. enhorabuena
can't record an expense. i get an error message please choose a template before saving. doesn't work since ios 13 was installed.
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
quickbooks  issues and problems. i thought this may be reputable like the brand. boy am i surprised. can't even call to get proper support. they think that a 48 hours turnaround on a request is acceptable these days...for your important accounting software. give others a look first, this online version is lacking what the desktop has.
. sluggish, cant get bank account info. each log in was a hassle. i uninstalled it after 2 days. is this the beta?
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks
. the app does awesome it keeps me organized and constantly lets me know what i'm spending my money on. it has helped me better manage my money
was an excellent app but...... never had a problem up to a month ago. upgraded my phone to galaxy s7 and now app does not work. this glitch needs to be fixed asap. i rely on this as i'm out in the feild daily.
great app and super easy to use. very easy to use and customise. very intuitive to use and no excuse not to update on the go
well thought out. truly like the app now. i can import names from my iphone and do many of the things i can do on a main computer. i’d like to see them allow the entering of bills on the app. i’d use that all the time.
. fantastic software
. easy and quick to use for estimates, invoices , receipts and keep track of expenses and income
limited. for alot of the functionality of qbo you need to use the web app anyway so i would not bother with this app.
love this app. the app links straight to your computer so you can send quotes, invoices etc on the move. this is a great small business tool at a great price.
. hi team kindly add digital signature...only this 1 thing is missing in this app...overall best experience with you
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
great app. overall its a great app. you can do many things from the app that you can do on the desktop version. i would like to be able to enter the worked hours on the app and also to be able register vendor invoices not only expenses.
great app!. very useful, but i think it still needs some work. very limited, need to offer more functions.
. restart the app error. uninstalled and reinstalled app. same error.
. doesn't allow you to update linked bank accounts to bring in new transactions
great functions, easy to use. really great invoicing system. great way of keeping incomeexpense records to be able to do your own accounting. can be frustrating when trying to login on the computer sometimes requires an sms to log in even though it's from home computer.
fits my needs. easy app, portable. thank you
. software works ok and only ok. however the monthly price seems to have gone up exponentially for no reason over the last 2 years. edit: changed from 3 stars to 1 star thanks to the developer's response.
. error everytime i log in, and requires password so often. edit: the log in is working, but when i try to add an expense it doesn't save, the same button doesn't work
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
best for my business. the package has everything that my small business requires. many thanks.
. give them your money, but you wont get much back or much help. frustrating just trying to subscribe after they cancelled on me. my details cant be found on their website either, so has all my info and accounts disappeared? try to fill in their help form, cant submit! doesn't recognise my mobile number. seriously!!
. this is what happens when a company gets too large. first app worked fine and then suddenly refuses to connect to my bank. customer service is a joke. reps were unable to figure out why error 103 kept appearing. after two hours on the phone i was then told it is a systems issue that needs its own ticket. two days later an email arrives stating that the issue is resolved. guess what, it wasn't!! come up intuit! you can do better than this
app says i don’t have an account. the desktop app and now the ios app don’t work. and accessing quickbooks online from the ios browser is a poor experience. from reading other reviews, this seems to be a known issue that has no resolution to date.
terrible app. you are unable to view and use the register, reconcile accounts and other simple everyday banking tasks. logging into your company through a mobile browser, such as the google chrome app for ipad, does give you access to some but not all tasks. isn't the purpose of online banking to be able to perform all banking from mobile devices?
. great app
hair kreations. simple, fast and reliable
ca uday soman. good software for sme
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
login' this app. makes my life so much easier. i can do everything on the go. saves time! love it!
. great extention to the web portal
. awesome app for small business owners that need to be on the move.
. i do invoices and print from my recliner. love this app. and sometimes generate estimates minutes after finishing my work before leaving the clients home. very convenient !!
. this app is easy to use, once you get the hang of it. i can take pictures of all receipt which makes it easy to keep track.
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
. cannot cancel subscription been trying for over 2 hours i will have to go to bank and change all of my account numbers because of this plus redo all of my direct deposits and all of my auto pay bills ..do not fall for this app
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software.
working great. have been using qb for about a year now. has been a great tool for an on the go company like mine. now with the self employed online platform, i might switch up. still looking at which will serve me best. overall great product and customer support gets an a.
doesn’t work. i have an iphone 8 and all of a sudden this app stops working. i call quickbooks and they can’t fix it. they closed the case in one day. don’t walk away from this company, run away.
. not for me and now i can't unsubscribe or delete account please delete account i don't want it and your unsubscribe tool does not work.
handy. easy to use and makes logging expenses a breeze
. awesome app, extremely useful to track finances.
can not save estimates. i'm able to imput items for estimates but error message pops up when i try to save.
great but has a long way to go. was so excited to migrate to qbo but now that i'm here, there are so much important elements that are not here  bills payment stub or remittance advise doesnt even have a reference or a check #.
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
. can't view financial report when i use android phone, could you fix it?
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
excellent program. i am so impressed with this new app, it is very easy to use and very helpful for my construction business. i don't even have to go to the office to make an invoice i can do it right in my truck on my phone and send it. i can check on expenses... it's a breeze and worth the time to get to know this app and online program.
. app is amazing everything i need for my company is in the app. really worth it
great for invoices on the go. they charge things every so often after you get used to the way it is.
. love the app, makes running my business so much easier.
best accounting app i've used. this makes my business run smooth and conveniently, i hope they bring more functionality to it still.
pretty good app. have an issue with multi tasking. app doesn't stay in the multi tasking overflow menu, so when working with my calendar, i need to manually open the app again from the app drawer. pretty frustrating. it's supposed to be a productivity app for small businesses, but its really not
qbol. great app!
. creo que es ineficaz ya que e recibido mi pago i no puedo ver la información de mi talón de pagos i ninguno de los representantes que me an asistido a podido brindarme información para poder obtener la información que necesito por lo general cuando una compañía te paga tan bien te proporciona el talón de pago
. very slow on mobile
always crashes and says critical updates are needed.. constantly crashing. new photo software sucks. can barely recognize the edge of a receipt against a black backround. have to edit every single photo.
. good basic accounting app but widgets don't seem to work
. probably more than i need as a small business, but no shortage and features and certainly gets the job done. simple enough to use for those that don't want to get a doctorate in quickbooks, but for those that do want to get a doctorate in quickbooks there is certainly enough features that you could easily use it for everything!
. i just started trying my hands on an accounting software and i think quickbooks the best. as a student and a beginner quickbooks is easy to use and easy understand.
love quickbooks!. i depend and use quickbooks everyday and love it. i just wish i could move the items in my estimates are around easily. they are stuck in the spot they are added.
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
crazy useful. i manage the financials for three different companies with offices all over the us, and find that quickbooks is extremely useful for tracking sales, invoicing onsite, holding multiple accounts for each business, and integrating all my pos and sales gateways.
". about the only thing this app does real well is it crashes all the time. some features of this app i can't even get to without it crashing. so all said i am able to look up customers but other then that it's useless. i try to use it on a samsung 10"" tablet"
perfect. for what i need this application is absolutely perfect. saves a lot of messing around creating an invoice in word and then sending it ... great app !!
app isn’t working now. please advise. it has stopped working. i click on the app and it automatically closes. new iphone today should work unless not compatible with ios13.
. i have used it for 3 years managing my business invoices, cash flow etc. it's great!
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
. does what i need
very good mobile app. i use this on my computer and when i noticed that there was an app for android, i immediately installed it on my tablet and phone. a must have if you have a mobile business or have to give invoices on the go.
amazing. life is just easier. especially when it constantly always making updates just making it easy so i can focus.
. what a joke......the sales team are so rude....software is actually pretty good but the attitude of the staff in th sales team have completely put me off using this! i will now be looking elsewhere (fresh books etc).....
qbo. pretty great app, i hope they add some additional features; like printing a pick list, and a few other things.
great book keeping app. use this app with the online version at home. very happy with it indeed. support could be a little better. but support is adequate. been using it for a couple of years and i'm very pleased.
. literally couldn't even sign in. didn't recognise my details even though i'd just signed up and was forwarded to that page by the sign up process page. wouldn't send a reset password email. honestly totally worthless and wasted my time. non starter. not even worth an admin response as it's been deleted and the competition installed already.
. for what i do this was a complete waste of money. . it was supposed to import all my all my spreadsheet and all that information over to my taxes when i signed up with tax turbotax or whatever it was. it doesn't nor did it. and now it keeps trying to charge me $60 for something after i cancel my subscription because all it did was make my taxes more complicated than they had to be.
why get rid of banking section?. latest version update got rid of the banking section. now, i can't acceptexclude transactions, making the application almost totally and completely useless! too bad you can't give zero stars...
wow!. really cool app! it's linked on all my device! i can make invoices on my phone and send it to my clients directly from email! cool stuff!
president. simple to use and effective in support of operational accounting.
excellent app. couldnt ask for more! all my paperwork centralised in my pocket!
. really, no way to tell a bank account to go get updates? i wasted my time downloading and using this app.
. was working ok then app was updated,. help centre can't give time to fix or troubleshoot to be able to use this whilst out on jobsites not happy at all costing money
great. great app easy to use and all but needs a mileage tracker logbook like the quickbooks self employed has
excellent. wonderful tool  has improved use of foreign currency transactions.
a very useful application. i find it quite convenient to be able to enter expenses from my phone and include photographs receipts when i am on the go. i use quickbooks online and although the app is limited in some respects as far as functionality goes the limits that other reviewers have discussed has not affected my business at all. i like it a lot :)
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
. one of my top goto apps. very useful and a ton of functionality.
garbage. this app is junk!! support for this app is useless looks like i will be going back to freshbooks, it may not be a accounting solution but at least it works and i can import my info without manually entering. my business doesn't have time for me to spend hours with support when i need to be taking care of my customers ms support
impressive for mobile. i posted a bad review because of some bugs. i received an immediate response about upcoming updates and a week later it was fixed. i love that level of support. nice app too.
this app is useless on android.. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless.
quits randomly. when i am on my tablet the program will just randomly quit working and no of my work will be saved. it has been doing this for a few months
. won't update, can't even click the help menus. save your money and get an accountant. just work more hours
does the job. very effective app to make small business owners productive.
accounts. simple is the new smart
pretty basic and useless. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
easy to use. i haven’t tried other softwares when it comes to managing my books besides quickbooks so i can’t compare it to the others in the market. but for me it’s very simple and easy to use. my favorite feature is the ability to take photos of your receipts and transfer them instantly. i’m sure all of them do that but it works great here.
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
works well. this app is far better than the desk top program for mac. as a small business i have many more things i need to do than spending time learning a program. it allows easy access for my accountant and mobility for me!
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
multiple crashes. multiple crashes when trying to add expenses on the iphone.
simple things just don’t work in this app.. now i can’t copy my password from my password safe into the quickbooks login. this means i will have to use a simple easy to use and less secure password. also, there is no way to enter check numbers into the bank transactions. this works fine on a mac and online but not in the ipad app. these simple problems make the ipad app almost useless.
great app... works amazingly well.
3 year user.. lots of glitches. signs me out within seconds of logging in and there’s many steps just to put items into an invoice or receipt.
love the app. it is amazing to see how well the app learn how to categorize expense! the design and ui are also amazing!
partial functionality. every time i need to produce or view an invoice qb says i need to use web version because of register items that cannot be viewed. so basically ios version is not productive.
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
. the app is good. they can still work on some parts to make user experience better.
rubbish. will not let me log on just say i don't have an active subscription when i do....
excellent online app. if you don't need all the features of the desktop version, this app is great. if you need to access your accounting remotely, then it is just the ticket. it will continue to get more features as time goes by which will only make it better.
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
not complete functionality.. this app doesn't have the full functionality of the website, so when i'm on my tablet, i just use the website instead of the app.
great. so nice to be able to do invoices on the run. very user friendly!
. app data is never accurate. i have to login via mobile web to get accurate numbers. app is misleading and frustrating
. i have only problem is that my overdues 6 invoices are not showing in overdues... please clear this issue
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks it makes tracking expenses easy as taking a picture and putting the irs info in.
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
. very nice app for pme
very helpful. make managing my bussines much easier. good app.
quick books app. have been using quick books app for my business for a few months now, and i am very impressed with the package, as it's great value for money. i enjoy being able to use the app on my phone as it offer all the services that i need to be able to quickly raise and send invoices and pull up important info.
. please return the notes options this last update is very bad
great app!. easy to navigate and great to have access with you at all times. love it!
"ridiculous!. i can't believe that i pay $20 a month for an app that won't even let me ""break out"" deposits!!! i am treasurer for a non profit organization and this is crazy! my $ could, and will be spent elsewhere."
easy to use. i have been using qb for almost 3 years now and have had nothing but good things to say about the service provided. the support has been great anytime i needed it, they were johnny on the spot. i would highly recommend this to any small business that wants to take the stress out of bookkeeping.
great app. coming from using xero for my accounting software, i can say this app and platform as a whole is far more superior. i would recommend to anyone to switch to quickbooks.
easy breezy!. small business owner. everything i need for everywhere i go. i am on the go a lot and i need to be able to keep up with my business regardless. makes my life simpler. thank you!
. another app failed to provide the timely support i needed. i have used quickbooks before and i am sure i will have a great experience!
. not able to login to app since one month now.
love it!. we've used qb for about a decade, and looove the new app. makes life easier!!
. so far this has made invoices quick and easy
. app doesn't load any files. great app if you like watching it think forever.
ran into unsupported transactions within 1 minute.. the app is difficult to navigate, bloated and slow, using a ton of wireless data. the app would be much better as multiple singlefunction apps. i mean, do i really need to log in to qb to snap a pic of a receipt and submit it for later? typical quickbooks bad experience. very disappointing.
"error. i dont even understand why massage always popup said ""failed to connect with server"" when everytime tried to login using this app..send several of email to support team but theres no answer n solution..please do something i am a quickbooks online plus subscriber.."
. i only give 5 stars if the app gives me free food.
must have for small businesses. this has simplified my life immensely. i no longer have to worry about things falling through the cracks, quickbooks keeps it all in check. solid app, no issues or crashes yet after about 3 months of use.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
really bad app. this app is really bad, lacks everything you would want from a app that is suppose to work with you online quick books. no registry access!
. this has made it so much easier to keep track of our business expenses. i have recommended qbo to all my friends who own there own business.
. recently broken. was using this daily on my samsung tablet but as of a couple days ago it stopped working on all my mobile devices. i've sent feedback within the app but still broken. it's frustrating as a paid subscriber to qb.
doesn’t work on ios13. hoping for another update as it doesn’t work on ios13
. easy to use, very good app to invoice an manage the accountant anywere
. am trying to login, wont let me, technical problems. i have all my expenses in there...
slick accounting app. just as the title says, very easy to use for on the go accounting and collaboration between accountants & ceo's
. awesome ,app way to go. definitely worth the money with the latest updates and great customer service!!! a big big thank you to the great quick books team, the best in the business :)
amazing app!!. our business reconciliation just became simplified. easy to use and online access allows us to work on the go. highly recommend if you wish to save time.
love it, i use it everyday for my business. qbo has helped my business grow buy looking professional, keeping up with invoices, and giving easy ways for the customer to pay.
slow. can be great and convenient but it can also be very slow (just like the online version). won't always let you edit invoices through the app.
pretty lame. seriously? the thing crashes a lot , but i can deal with that. the real problem for me is the lack of calendar in the invoice line item. i would love to use this, but if i can't put the date that i provided a service in my invoice, the it is useless to me. too bad safari doesn't work either, or i would just use that.
great app!. one of the best apps i have used!
great when it works. i rely heavily on this especially the ability to email an invoice. lately i can't log in at all and when i do and try to send an email, all it does is give me a spinning wheel and then locks up. then i have to shut off the phone and restart.
awesome. it's taken me a couple of weeks to figure everything out but wow this a well thought out software and app!
app needs help. great desktop program. the app needs to be able to track mileage and time on a job. that's really my only complaint the more i use it the more i like it
"wont work. app keeps telling me ""can't connect to server"""
help with my subscription. it says error downloading product information
good app. very detailed , im no pro @ accounting but i am teaching myself this app. its very in depth and i like it.
ios 13. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please. thank you all fixed now
not connecting. used to work. now after login it's not connecting.
viewable. error message on download is gone, but the app lacks functionality like syncing bank data and the payroll app doesn't allow me employee editing options. if i need to see what is happening in quickbooks its all right, but it's definitely not quickbooks online mobile version
. you did an update on friday afternoon while i need to use the program. now i can't access the program because i need to do an update that o cant do because of a glitch in the update
great little app. i do emergency call outs and can log in and keep up with my book keeping on the fly.
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
. very easy to navigate!
great app. i use that app quite frequently. easy to use and gives me all the information i need to access.
. how much does it cost per month or per year? i have quickbooks software on my pc does it link with the software on my personal computer?
. estimate and invocies are greate only thing i would like to see change is a quixk customer function so i do not have to add every one
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses.
the software has been a nightmare recently using iphone and ipad keeps saying i haven't paid. i've written to emails and had absolutely no response to either no refunds either because i can't get the software to work unless i'm in mice studios on my laptop which is being fixed currently i won't be with me for the next four weeks so how i'm supposed to do any invoicing i have no idea this is absolutely ridiculous use sage...
. app is great once you practice it
mgrm. great app
a pretty good app. update: they added deposits! it does everything i need now, upgrading to 5 star! all in all, this is a pretty great app. it does just about everything i need it to while on the go, but it is missing one key piece of functionality. it does not allow the recording of deposits and that is really important for me. other than that it functions flawlessly and has never given me any trouble. overall, i love it!
. love the program
. horrible, spent 2 hours trying to cancel subscription. they don't have the cancel button. called them...45 min wait. terrible service.
. what is the schedule to have bank of america accounts working with quickbooks again? i'm thinking it may be better to cancel my subscription and switch to a better solution.
very disappointed. i'm very disappointed because i have been unable to login on with my iphone or macbook pro. i tried to get help through customer service but all i got was a link. very disappointed!!
. it's a great way to create quick estimates and invoices.
please fix. we use quickbooks constantly. it has enabled us to grow at a much faster rate, helped us keep our books in order, and allows us to take online payments easily. however, the recent update has been causing the app to close unexpectedly and also has many other glitches. please fix intuit. we are not hating on quickbooks, but this is the worst update we have ever seen.
garbage. this app is junk!! support for this app is useless looks like i will be going back to freshbooks, it may not be a accounting solution but at least it works and i can import my info without manually entering. my business doesn't have time for me to spend hours with support when i need to be taking care of my customers ms support
app. best app
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
. doesn't seem to let me login with my google account as i do on the website. not sure how i should login in this case.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
convenience. work, document, review with my custom needs, deliver receipts to my customers in one transaction and get back to work with my mind clear to work for a reasonably affordable rate.
love the app, but price is too high. i love the app, but when will the price increases stop. as soon as i have time to research other programs i will cancel my subscription. $40 per month is too much to just invoice customers and reconcile my bank statement.
new to qb on line. brilliant package but did need support on getting the data i migrated over sorted. but worth the monthly charges. great job quick books.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
". downloaded the app to be able to view estimates and invoices from phone while i'm away from my computer and someone calls wanting to know ""how much did we have in this job or that job"" well, the app is prettt useless when you have hundreds of estimates out and you're trying to find a particular one , but there is no ""search"" tool to look for what you're trying to find."
. you have to pay and i am looking for a free app to do my stuff
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
outstanding accounting software. perfect for sme's. enter bills and invoices on the go including taking photos of your receipts and signatures for invoices. absolutely outstanding accounts package, i couldn't recommend it more, well done intuit!
. the app freezes frequently. when it's not freezing, it's too slow.
. works great until about a week ago. now i can't save anything from the app it won't sync basically nothing is working right with the app. i even tried installing it on another android phone and had identical problems. don't bother trying to call customer service they say they have nothing to do with the app and that's it.
two factor log in broken. can't log in since the app was updated, it just crashes after i enter my login details
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
like. nice app , liked
crashes. app crashes every time i'm using a lg g5 emailed support for help 3 weeks ago no response.sent response never heard back.
nothing but glitches on my ipad. really not worth it nothing but problems one operating on ipad
. great app. for business on the go. love doing invoices com my smart phone.
. very easy to use mobile app means i can invoice quickly!
. easy to navigate
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
. works well. can create invoice and estimates on the go.
helpful, but limited.. it is good for a pinch, but it very limited in the interface.
. so easy to use i love the mobile app!
does what it should. gets more inuitive with every update.. i am in better control of my business than ever.
. great app. it has been essential to the daily operation of my business. thanks quickbooks
lost without it. i do everything on my app, from billing, collections, banking, etc. etc. always works and stores everything i need.
. its pretty good, but the scroll bar on the side of the expenses list is driving me absolutely insane because i keep accidentally scrolling and jumping through the list
. it's a great apps. but we should have option to add vehicle expenses as kmml spent like self employed apps !!!!
. very good, i am on trial not sure how much full experience will cost, i'll update when i can
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
garbage. doesn't log in. rubbish. unimpressed
paid for itself in one hour. after a long, frustrating search for a robust but simpletouse accounting platform for my growing fitness business, i came across quickbooks and have been exuberant ever since. my invoices go out on time, expenses go in live, and it even tracks my inventory. paid for itself in the first hour. highly recommend.
quickbooks app is a perfect companion to quickbooks online. quickbooks app is a perfect companion to quickbooks online. it works seamlessly allowing you to read through your transactions and even create most of the common tasks. ( with the exception of vat tasks) qb online is the perfect accounts program
easy to use. generally easy to use. some limitations on app.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
missing too much functionality. basic features like looking at an account are missing. my chart of accounts are listed but clicking to view transactions says this account not viewable in the mobile app.
disappointed. just dont think its up to the invoicing apps others are. need to be able to add pdf attachments from the app. others can.
. awesome awesome app.. could use the date option for invoices though
quickbooks online. great app. saves having to cart round invoice pads.
great app. helps me stay on top of my business while away from the office and quickly send and receive invoices. love this app!
. takes ages to load then crashes to a black screen. i have had the app for 3 months or so and only ever got it working for a few moments once. as it is so unreliable i could not trust it as an app to rely on, for example to use in front of a customer in their home, therefore i cannot recommend this app. i run a ltd company and we use qb as our accounting software.
was awesome my nexus is not supported!. this is what i've been waiting for for years. 10 out of 5 stars if i could. but since my mobile decide is not supported.... hate to say it but worthless!
service date is still broken. has had this problem for months and a fix has yet to be included in an update. will be not be staying with quickbooks.
quickbooks online is great. i love being able to add expenses while on the road. i appreciate the snapshot of where my business is performing. it is great to have a record of what’s going on!
small business accounting. as an it consultant for luk solutions... your computer service specialist... this is the perfect app for me. it helps me to see everything whilst on the go. i highly recommend it for any small business person. it is not as robust as the desktop model, but does mostly all you need in a bind whilst out of office.
great app so far. great app. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address.
. capable app for your expenses and keeping tabs on accounts on the go.
awesome. pretty awesome app. i run a small cleaning business and very versatile.
paypal integration very poor. quickbooks say it integrates with paypal and automatically downloads transactions. well, it does partly, but doesn't download into expenses the transaction fees with paypal here, meaning you have to do it manually. it will do it for an online purchase to the same account so why it doesn't work properly is a complete mystery and one support do not help with.
. great app
great app with a few refinements needed. this app, together with quickbooks online, does everything my business needs it to do, almost. but that's just my business. this is a very sophisticated system but easy to use! love it
. great app wish there was more flexibility with customizing the sales reciepts
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
. i love the simple features on the app.
. cant function without it wonderful all in one app for small businesses
excellent. does everything i need to do on the go which is great. don't always get time in a busy day to sit down and send invoices, but i can with this while i'm out.
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
. makes my job sooooo,much easier
. the app does not work on any android tablet. works on my android phone but, not on any of my four tablets. will be cancelling our subscription if not fixed soon.
qbo. very helpful with creating invoices.
easy. useful
. force closes all the time. when it won't stop doing it, i have to uninstall and the reinstall. complete bs since i pay for the service.
. this app has never worked on my phone. it gives me the login screen, i enter my password, and the app force closes.
love this app. great app would recommend to everyone.
. great app, makes my life much easier!!
. fairly easy to use however it could be smoother when you enter new transactions instead of having to go all the way back to the drop down menu.
. simple. easy to use. reliable. 5 stars all around.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
. everytime i try to log in i get an error! i've restarted and uninstalled and it still won't work
app. grate app worth purchasing i'd recommend this to anyone
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
. can no longer open app, error returned from client
invaluable tool!. qbo app is invaluable for me as a small business owner. having access to all my funicular data, customer records and invoicing is fantastic! the app works flawlessly.
. such an amazing app for storing all your business expenses.it's very convenient and easy to use.those who have difficulty in managing their business transactions should definitely go for this app.
i'll join the others above  very disappointing. i really wanted qbo for my ipad, not a couple of utility features. why release this and just frustrate us more. if you can'twon't produce what we want at least let us access the website qbo on our ipads,
great app really does work for my business. really easy to do my accounts and invoices.
love it. amazing i don't know what i would do without this app.
easy. i have found this app very easy to use. being able to tap into your invoicing system when out on a job. it enables me to issue an invoice same moment the job is finished and emailed to my customer stood in front of me, that way my customer has a paperless invoice and can pay you right away. saves time!
quickbooks review. i'm just getting started and i'm definitely not a detail oriented person. quickbooks (so far) has made it very easy to input and the ability to link accounts makes it very simple.
a difference. i show a difference between the bank and the gl, that does not reconcile but the app isn't giving me any unreconciled items. it doesn't make any sense.
great mobile execution. this is a great extension of qb online and includes the same userfriendly interface. it makes sending invoices on the go a breeze. love it!
online. online is really user friendly and the app is a bonus
chris. love it!! great setup! easy. just love it!!
disappointing. came to try it out. won't let me add sales tax. tried adding a note, pressed done and
keeps getting more user friendly!. the new video tutorials make it easy to learn. the portability of switching between the mobile app and the desktop version online is a priceless feature, thanks for all of your hard work!
awesome. i love how simple it is to create an invoice on the go. this app is definitely essential for any small business owner.
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck."
um yeeaaa.... it’s kind of crappy i can’t link my bank accounts with out manually entering the transaction it kinda takes the quick out of quickbooks
. you're using it under a free trail and once it's up you nolonger have access to the app
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
poor need lots of work. this app is terrible on the ios and android. i’m using it on both and it has tooo many bugs...
good app. it is very useful app. it does most everything i need it to do when on a job site. invoicing is a snap. it would be excellent if productservices would auto populate as typed rather than scrolling through a drop down list.
. effectively useless. crashes after tapping on anything
i run my biz from the app!. i use qb constantly to invoice clients and log incoming checks. it's great for following up on past dues & creating invoices on the go.
"too many missing features. can't add time entries, even simple ones, have to pay (a lot) for a third party app. not acceptable for a single user company that doesn't sell products, only time that needs to be tracked. can't view current ""sales"" status of unbilled items. can't email myself receipts and have them automatically entered as expenses bank transactions that i've excluded keep showing up. again and again. i'd like to configure away unused modulesfunctions from the menu"
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
upholstery shop. very good app, help me a lot at upholstery business!
excellent software. but need to make as industrial requirements. we have travel agency but it restricts us in many places. if ad travel agency options will be better.
great app. makes my life so much easier!
getting there.... the lack of ability to create bank deposits is vexing. also, would be nice to work with downloaded transactions. works with mint, why not qbo app?
fantastic. i love this app! it's very useful
awesome. good app 4 biz
well thought out. very user friendly!!. very satisfied.!!👍👍
". getting this message for the last 3 days on my android. ""there was a problem syncing your data. wait a few minutes and try again"". please fix this edit: i have done all those steps, cleared cache, uninstalled, reinstalled, gave all permissions, even did a full factory reset on the phone and still same issue.."
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
typical intuit product. buggy, not awesome user experience. slow, lots of errors, doesn't work most of the time and no support. use freshbooks or something else if you care about running a business.
it works most of the time. it’s useful to have the app but more often i go to the browser site as you can do more on it. the app is good if you just want to record a quick expense and take a photo of the receipt to attach. quickbooks itself is a good accounting package, it’s just the app needs a bit more functionality.
. super easy. auto mileage tracking.
. country like bahrain and kuwait currency has three decimal. is there any option to set currency in three decimal? we submitted so many requests regarding this issue but no response
useless out in the field can't work off line. useless out in the field can't work off line and constantly wants you to refresh data. does not support star portable printers. waist of space on cell phone gave it a second try useless creating a invoice have to use search window to find items. had to go use desktop instead of my ipad pro because would of took all night to do a invoice.
. update: no longer freezes but is now saving estimates and invoices multiple time and showing 70k extra in income from invoices and bank deposits which it's now not allowing us to match payments with invoices so our only current option is to delete all duplicate payments and have customers outstanding balances until this is fixed
tried them all. i persevered with other systems and intuit quickbooks online has been sensational since i migrated over. excellent adaptability, intergratibility and functional practical to use. very happy! keep up the good updates.
. this is a great app and has been an invaluable tool for me to manage my business. the only draw back i have found is when i tried to use paypal in conjunction with the app. 1) the cost implications and 2) getting the money to my bank account. this is not a quickbooks issue but it just caused me a headache.
". checked this app out to see if it was good for my business. i was charged 7.99 for a ""free"" 30 day trial. decided it wasnt the right app for me. thanks for the 2 days i used it and was charged for. awesome!! (insert sarcasim here)"
. great app use it to submit all quotes and review estimates
mr. great app for when i'm running around out of the office.
. the app has stopped working. wont sync my data. very angry as i have customers who need their bills
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
. this app no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
. very useful app.
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
. inventory can't manage by this software
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
great for small business. such a time saver, easy for business owner, accountant and bookkeeper to enter review and lodge bas. love the fact i can take photos of receipts to back them up and also add attachments to invoices etc. such a great software with web access also
. doesn't work on my dell tablet. called customer support in january and they said software glitch should be fixed in two weeks. it's been two months and still not working!
quickbooks app. last update is much better. use for day to day operation and quick entries.
. great app! easy to use. well organized. perfect for small business.
. how do i unsubscribe? i've been getting charged 5 bucks per month for a app that i deleted
easy to use and great for tracking transactions. navigation is straightforward and the software updates quickly
changed the way we do business. i love this app. we needed something that we could easily use in the field. we can create estimates, invoices, receive payments and even attach check images to those payments. our productivity has skyrocketed. quickbooks has figured out the mobile accounting software. customers for life.
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
business made better. this has been a great experience. it has made billing especially easer and i'm getting paid sooner. two thumbs up. great tech support!!
crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.. crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.
horrible app. you can’t add time activity. this has to be the stupidest design i’ve ever seen. you’re in the field and the most common use would be to add billable time. i’m about to switch to another provided if they don’t get their act together.
. great app
tonya pitchford. app and product are useless for my particular business. very hard to deal with, fees are high
login' this app. makes my life so much easier. i can do everything on the go. saves time! love it!
finest accounting software. we are using since last two years and still satisfied.
"awesome apptool. although i rate it 5 star, there's much improvement that can be made on creating ""invoices"" definitely needs more options and versatility. needs more custom ability in modifying the invoice into something fitting to each customer. overall, keep up the great work and adding new custom features."
good app. .
lies. absolute lies  “run your entire business”?! give me a break  they’ve completely left out the employees payroll features and it doesn’t work when you login from an ios browser. typical qbo wasting my time and money
invoices and estimates design. the design and layout of the invoices and estimates templates are outdated. seems like a small thing, but it reflects poorly on a business’ brand, and it is so easily fixed on your end. hire a professional designer and give clients a template that says quickbooks cares about our brand too.
. i've used it for around 18 months so far and i love it. i hated accounting in university so it was my biggest fear when setting up a business. quickbooks has made it really easy.
"is anyone home?. i give this app one star because it doesn't let you select zero stars! all i've gotten for three days is an endless loop telling me that""to use this app you need quickbooks online"". no kidding? i'd love to find some of the application problems some of you are complaining about. at least you can turn yours on!"
great software. few issues lots of results this product is easy to use and reduces time spent in the office its mobility is my favorite part use with my phone tablet laptop and desk top devices payment network nice but a little pricey
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me.
great little app, controls most bookkeeping chores saving my time and legal requirements.. just a great app for keeping track of your debtors, creditors and making the calculating of bas and payroll liabilities a breeze.
contractor. works great for all aspects of my business. only issue is updating my accounts linked to it. just keeps sending details to my bank and never stops. i have to reset every time to update. other then that it's great
just no. the app isnt compatible with the galaxy s7 which is really inconvenient. 👎👎👎.
. great for business. keeps track of all your records. would defiantly recommend the app to everyone.
awesome! a must for small business.. may seem a tiny overwhelming at first. just stick to it and you'll learn to love it! so simple once you get the hang of things ;)
inferior to qb online on desktop. qb app on ipad or android does not not have even half of the features that qb online has on a desktop. i can manage basic invoicing, basic expenses, see transactions, and pull up basic reports... everything about this app is basic. i have to actually be on my desktop to access the full features of qb online. very dissapointed.
needs a couple of things. 1. better interface 2. main app screen should be like the desktop and show your account summary. but overall very good :)
quickbooks online. works well once you get use to the change from the desktop program.
great app. really like this app but switching from iphone to an android device i miss the expense option in the app. for the iphone you could input an expense on the app with the android you can not. i would like to see that added for the android app.
good app, a bit expensive to upgrade. good app, but a bit expensive to upgrade. it holds me back from doing it
. love this app, it has come a long way. thank you quickbooks for making life easier.
. perfect app for small business owners. combines accounts receiveable and bookeeping in one.
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
need o and p. really need to add a way for someone to mark up of the invoice and show change orders to estimates.
they discontinued this app. do not download this. they stopped the link so it no longer works. too bad because i was using this to run my business and now i'm screwed. i have to find another app quick to do my invoices with. i like razorsync for scheduling but i am not thrilled with their estimating and invoicing. if intuit had kept this up and just made some improvements it would be great!
. i'm trying to reset my password from past 1 week but can't as i'm unable to access my registered phone. i have access to email address but still it's asking for otp sent to phone number. bad customer service.... their is no option to contact customer service no phone number no email. my companies while accounts is their.
love quickbooks. this is the best accounting software there is. quickbooks makes my life so much easier and running my business is so much smoother with the available accounting options!
easy to use. easy to use and uploading image of receipts is very useful.
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
. halimuzzaman syed. islami bank ltd bangladesh.
easy. i don't like accounting whatsoever however quickbooks online is so easy to use and does so much more than keeping the books up to date.
app can’t find our data. we are days into this app not being able to access our data: accounting, banking, billing. access is only available through certain browsers on a laptopdesktop. the support team is friendly and wished me luck.
impressive for mobile. i posted a bad review because of some bugs. i received an immediate response about upcoming updates and a week later it was fixed. i love that level of support. nice app too.
amazing!. so useful for keeping our businesses books current!
easy to use.. easy to use. also like customer options to pay after sending invoice.
. great app, but i wish i could generate purchase orders from the app to send to vendors.
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
intuit. great app will be nice when we can scan bar codes on receipts
. crashes every time. hasn't opened successfully once. tried reinstalling and restarting tablet.
not good. crashes often; slow; give frequent error messages.
quicken easy. easy to use great mobile app which meets my company needs very well.
. i am really thankful for this opportunity. this app vary great easily to use with simple and useful. thanks
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
. love doing invoices and estimates right on the phone
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
so easy to use!. this app is easy to use! i like it more than the desktop version!
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
. its a great app.
highly recommend this app. i have a mobile veterinary service and use this for all of my billing while i'm on the road. it saves me time by allowing me to bill my clients on site at the time of service, and even process the credit card if they choose to pay that way.
67 week refund policy!!!. was accidentally charged over $30 for a payroll service i never signed up for...i am the only person employed in my business. contacted customer service and was told i would be refunded within 5 to 7 business days. 2 weeks go by and i had not received the refund so i called customer service and was told it could take up to 6 to 7 weeks to receive my refund!! i am strongly considering canceling my membership with them!!!
not quite what i'm looking for. after the invoice2go update disaster, i read a lot of good things about this app. sadly it fell short of expectation as i was unable to change the invoice number, which i would think was a pretty basic requirement. advice on the internet seems to relate to an older version of the app as the information did not relate to what was on the screen. i won't be utilising my free trial, nor will i be subscribing.
just like the web version. the new updates are great. it's just like the web version minus tax lodgements which is possibly due to regional differences. the only gripe i have is the lack of keyboard integration which means you will need to use the touch screen but it's an ipad app so can't really complain there.
. is great app. will give it a 5 star if i could do manual ach on my phone istead of my desktop
ok.. maybe i'm just used to regular qb's but i'm having a hard time with this. and why is it i have access to more on the computer than the app? other than that is great. very helpful.
. only just started using this app, and i'm already in love.
can’t generate po’s. 90% of my business is generating and sending po’s which you can’t do with this app for some stupid reason. i’ve been requesting the feature for years (which i shouldn’t have to request) and quickbooks has never responded.
owner operator. on the go? this app will help your business keep going without slowing down!
. great app, i am a self employed consultant, i invoice with ach bank transfers for 0.0% free! all accounts synced. good stuff!
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
too many problems entering expenses. he expenses are not taking the payee. i had to switch to desktop to enter the expenses with the payee. hopefully quickbooks will address it.
actually makes accounting a little bit fun. i absolutely love the way this app allows me to record, photograph and categorise expenses from receipts. so easy that it actually is fun. delighted that i can get rid of all this paper!
won't install.. all i get is an error message.
. makes it so easy to invoice and estimate on the go.
. i have tried to log on from my tablet and constantly getting an error message not letting me log in even after clearing the cache. also was meant to have a discount at sign up for a few months but charged full price.
crashes with ios 13. just a heads up. when you try to take a picture of a receipt to upload to the account, the app freezes up and you can’t continue on. restarting the app doesn’t work either.
we are in love with qbo. hated accounting thru qb before but this year's online version plus the android app made us change our mind ... now we absolutely love it and we can't thank the intuit team enough for creating such friendly qb online version for business. much appreciated, lanareale.com
very nice app. easy to use makes life lot easier and saves time
personal accountant. brilliant softwareyou need to allow yourself a couple of hours to set up but once done it does all your reporting for you and keeps your finger on the pulse with your financial status  i love it!
great user interface. i like using quickbooks online because it is simple and effective. easy to use and uncluttered.
advancedenglish.com.br. the app is good, but there is room to improve, such as the option to assign an expense to a supplier.
. preparing to start a business and this software was rated the best. i took a 5 day class for 4hours. i was so happy that i downloaded this app and used in class too.
. i'm not sure about the functionality of this app, i was unwilling to continue trying to learn it because of a particularly bad customer service experience. i caught the guy speaking with me in a blatant lie while he was trying to charge me a large amount of money for a problem he couldn't explain.
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
very easy to use, and company responds to queries and requests. i have used this app for 4 months now and find it is constantly improving and great to use
. it's great to send invoices and estimates through email from my phone
thnx the app. i loved it
business solutions made simple. it's really great to have such an app to manage the business. the best part is linking the bank account with the quickbooks gives the brilliant touch of managing accounts easily. it's been more than 6 months since i started using. one suggestion is that if they could add the birthday remainders that would be great. recommended for start ups and pioneers.
good app. it's come a long ways since it was first introduced. can't be without it!
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. update has not fixed this issue! why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
perfect. this is a great app and works perfect for my business
. great app. as a small business im able to send my customers invoices and customize them to fit my company needs. i love this app and highly recommend to small business owners that needs to keep track of all of thier company finance. thank you quick book for making my life easy.
not bad. pretty nice app. went from desktop manufacturing to quickbooks online. i like having access to my books while at craft fairs and being able to use different devices. still needs some work  it's been weeks and my gopayment account is still not linked and now find out the online doesn't acceptrecognize the chip reader. square app is more robust and may use that instead. also would be helpful to have a mileage tracker.
quickbooks online. i wish the app was easier and more full functional but then the whole online product is sorely lacking relative to the old offline product. saas makes such a difference for smbs but intuit has missed the boat on the cloudbased solution. ugh!!
good idea. i love the concept but i've had to reenter several expenses up to three times to get quickbooks to except them in and that's rather annoying.
. i am a quickbooks proadvisor. i started qbo and am getting used to it. the mobile app has really improved! thanks intuit. always love how you really care about what we experience.
hi. app don't work
owner. great app nothing more to be said. everything is so organized. i love it!!
. great app and easy to use!
still can’t upload images for receipts. still can’t upload images for receipts
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
great app. been with quickbooks for two years now and still really impressed very easy to use and works across all platforms would strongly recommend
amazing. very powerful program.
when it works. i rely heavily on the quickbooks mobile app. when it works, it works great. but every once in a while, it goes down, for days.
. running my online business at ease. quickbooks makes it easy to invoice and they take care of calculating your sales tax to pay your state.
director. nice and simple. can be figured out by anyone.
ok when it works.. this app is ok when it works but if intuit is having issues, they will never admit it and they will leave you hanging for up to a day or more without help! not worth the money.
. great app. this is the one my cpa recommends. it's easily is sent to him for my taxes.
work as expected. good apps
. am trying to login, wont let me, technical problems. i have all my expenses in there...
. really hard to un subscribe , cheep get what you pay for ...
. love this app. hardly have to get on my computer
". update 101619: still useless as constant login issues persist, why use the app if i constantly have to uninstallreinstall + clear cachedata. constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
great app. very good app to manage quickbooks when you are away from your desk.
the app is wonderful. quickbooks online itself is lacking in a few features that i would like, such as work orders and job costing. the app is well done though.
. great app
. small business owner. this app is terrible, do not not rely on it. does not work well on android devices, no matter how many times the browser is reset along with strong data connection.
update broke. i cannot accept transactions. the only things accessible on the baking screens are back and trash. please fix otherwise it’s useless.
great app. i compared couple of similar products and quickbooks was defiantly the best. i still believe that they could enhance their app to have identical features of their web version.
outstanding. i love the new quickbooks app it allows me to invoice and estimate my customers in a snap it also allows me to bring the point of sale in the home credit card processing is very easy also my favorite feature is that i am able to transfer my contacts into my quickbooks customer list with the press of a button
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. just was on hold for 20 minutes and the issue is not resolved. the app is not allowing me to save information. also the online platform is not working with third party apps with the new tax rates in saskatchewan (reciept bank) been waiting for that fix for 3 weeks.
pretty good. i've been using qb for years to run my small auto repair business. the latest qbo and phone app are pretty good. like the interface. easy to use. only complaint is if i have no internet connection i'm dead in the water. being mobile is occasionally an issue.
. great app
. awesome app this helped me increase my efficiency by a big margin
. great app works and does what is needed to run your business away from you computer
. great to have accounting info at your fingertips. only sometimes wish i could get more info from the app but it had all the basic stuff.
. since i have gotten this app it's made my life a whole lot better .
wow, did this app save our business. we are in florida and have had no power or internet for over one week. this app saved our real estate rental business. everything you can do on your desktop, you can do with your ipad, using this app. all customer data is stored on the cloud. this app is mandatory if you get hit by a disaster!
does not support multiple currencies. hope they can add multiple currencies soon. it's useless if you have a primary currency other than usd.
awful. bloody slow!!
. love the convenience of quickbooks app. makes invoicing and everything else so easy!
nice app. great for basic entry and review. wichita had a bit more functionality like the normal interface. still a great app when out meeting clients and needed to create  view  send account info in the field.
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
. app doesn't want to update. i need to use it now not later. this is unacceptable.
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
best app for accounting. i used another app before but quickly switched to quickbooks. it is by far the best out there in the market in terms of features and ease of use. i am not an accounting expert but now i can quickly generate my financial statements and get funded. thanks a lot!
great update. now i can record my expenses.
"about 710. not bad but not good. the app keeps requiring updates if used on apple products. not an issue but the updates never appear. quickbooks blames apple and apple blame quickbooks. we ""updated to the cloud version"" from a pcm based quickbooks. so far we are very very disappointed."
. so far, so good... much better and more functional than similar apps.
perfect business program. only thing missing is purchase order creation
. sorryest app i've had. cannot even log in.
business owner. this app has all the features i need to run a small but quickly growing business. easy to navigate.
. just started using this app and i'm loving it
. i love the freedom that qbook gives me with the online version i can work at any place out side of the office.. also update are free and there free support team are the best. thanks so much qbook for be there for my business and me..
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
it fits my needs. keeps all my customer info stored so i dont have to input it every time
. i would like to use on my laptop and can not, it won't let me use it here, only on my phone or tablet where i originally signed up for use. i can't do all that work from my phone and i don't want to. if i can't use on my laptop, i will have to cancel my subscription
crashing. updated to ios 13 and now the app keeps crashing after face id, please get this sorted as i can’t run my business
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved. please note i have tried multiple phones and it is near impossible on mobile browser. trying to keep keyboard up is a nightmare.
useless for sure. qbo is useless. can’t login with google account. forces me to create a newseparate password. can’t really access qbo via a browser on ipad. overall terrible experience. i’m sure it’s equally apple and qbo fault.
excellent online software. i love this system made my job a lot easier my phone is my office
avoid merchant service. avoid at all cost the merchant services. they preapprove you and then hold on your money for a month before forcing you to refund each transaction you processed with them. i had to call 6 times 1 hour each time and it is still not fixed. they are still holding the funds and it’s been more than a full month. terrible customer service.
makes life easy!. best program i have found in 5 years. the app has worked flawlessly for me since day 1.
great flexibility. i now use qb online for 4 different companies and find the flexibility of reporting and multiple user access great. very few problems except we could not import our existing data from pastel
"latest upgrade is a disgrace. i have never written a negative review of an upgrade, but the latest version of this app made a great app totally useless. you can no longer receive invoices or reconcile bank balances. do yourself a favor and delete the quickbooks app rather than ""upgrade."" the mobile website is more useful than the app."
multiple currencies. it should support multiple currencies. can't key in expenses that are not in my home currency
. great app
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. very good experience, very helpful and pro
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
quick booksuseful app..!. it is amazing and very useful to me...and can you please tell what are the services we can access?
perfect. best thing going! i love being able to invoice on the move
no activity?. none of my vendors have any activity (transactions) available within this app. almost rendering it completely useless in our business.
this works for me.... i have a hard time keeping up with my invoices but this makes it simple for me to keep track on the move or like right now laying in my bed creating invoices and estimates. this is great.
keeps on crashing. i have uninstalled and reinstalled and it still isn't working. keeps on stopping after i enter my username and password. please help.
works well. good app
best app ever. love quickbooks online.... easiest way to keep all my accounts and expenses in order.
great app. i actually love this thing. it's pretty easy to use once you come to understand some of the functions. daunting at first but learning curve isn't too steep. helped me make sense of my numbers.
great app!!!!!. great app for your business. really makes things easier and proactive. it also tracks everything
muito bom, como sempre!. utilizo o qb desde sua versão em português, lançada pela eversystems, em 1995. sempre o recomendei e agora, após alguns anos afastado experimento nova versão muito melhorada e adaptada a tecnologia atual.
horrible. can't stand the program or customer support
. great app for managing a small business!
crashed when entered a sales transaction. downloaded this app to see if i could use it instead of at a computer and the app crashed as soon as i tried to enter a sales transaction. i tried to enter in the receipt type and it crashed
love it!. so simple to use… i absolutely love this app!
very easy to use. works great but doesn't email invoices or estimates
. sweet app
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
garbage. app stinks
mechanic shop. just starting out with the program but it seems to work great!!!
. this app has been great for be and my small business it helps me to be able to stay on track of my invoices in and out at the touch of my screen.
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
so far so good.... it is working as advertised. would like to have a bit more color and design to the invoices. not complaining, just suggesting.
awesome. love it , great app.
. in general this is a good accounting app but lacks some of the features of the desktop site. the automatic email from the app and the desktop site is also more like its promoting qb than my organisation. new projectclient costing is very good so far.
. working great. people complaining about the price aren't using all of the features. i now pay less because i got rid of other programs and apps.
. great app i love it
company owner. you can't go in an manage users unless you have a desktop version that's just not acceptable i have an ipad pro cost 3times what my computer cost it better get fixed or i am gone.very disappointed. also customer service can't help either rg
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
good app. no complains
features bugged and gets worse every time they update it. transactions page on ios 13 doesn’t respond atall, you can categorise and transactions or match payments. stop updating the app when you haven’t tested it thoroughly... it’s getting to the point i’m going to start looking elsewhere.
. where do i start. purchased to help with accounts for small self employment business. did not upload new transactions from bank account or paypal as advertised on app or the full site. mileage tracker was not accurate. user interface too basic. so frustrating as i would use this constantly but as it does not upload my transactions properly, it is unusable. far too glitchey as an app. wish i had done free trial and not wasted money on it.
invoicing. i'm sending invoices easily!
owner. love the app. makes running my business so easy. i would give it five stars except once i was using the app and the system was down for little while. made me feel a little uneasy
. fantastic app! amazing ability to invoice on the go.
just couldn't create an account. not sure what the issue is but it keeps encountering some problems everytime i try to create an account. never got past that stage. so it's no use to me if i can't create an account to get started.
mobile app. convenient.
fantastic software !. this has made my life a whole lot easier. invoice and estimates on the go. i really feel in control of my accounts.
perfect for small businesses too. all the tools needed plus user help forums, makes book keeping and accounting so simple.
unuseable. the developer disabled the ability to paste in your password. i cannot use an app that requires me to spend two minutes pecking in my 28digit password every time i want to use it! enable paste and i will give this app a try.
longtime user, app is gradually slowing down. been using quickbooks online since it came out, and unfortunately the apps seem to slowing down more and more with each update. i have to delete and reinstall the app a couple times a year because it hangs or acts funky. hope these little issues get resolved and i can use the apps i pay a lot of money each year to use
not bad. seriously though i wish every program could at least list their password requirements when your login fails i.e capital letters symbols and numbers
great features. great features but would love if i could do sales receipts (and attach photo) and credit card refunds on the mobile app. everything works great and it's very nice having the option to use the mobile or the desktop.
more than convenient, it's necessary. having the app makes it so much easier to do business on the go. you can send estimates and invoices before the client meeting has even ended. efficient and essential!
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) the hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. please fix.
. quick books online has allowed us to generate invoices on the spot contributing to much quicker payments than we have been used to
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
. doesn't really do much in the big quickbooks picture
. since a few updates ago when fingerprint sign in was introduced, i've had problems with mileage logging never logs it properly and data is never saved 😡
great application. very handy for revenue and business expenses.
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
. great app! very convenient. it's actually functional.
very good app. easy to use. recommended!
. does a good job. thanks
incomplete. the mobile app is not very useful compared to the online version, missing so many functions! like time sheets and billing be with them!
love it!!!. i am a tile contractor and use this app everyday. i love the latest update where the customer can sign the estimate.
. indian user is not allowed
emailing. emailing invoices is not operating today!
. couldn't run by business without quickbooks online. i love all the integrated features from processing invoices, payroll, and running company financials. i'm liking the new projects feature to examine profit and loss per client per project. i love being a part of priority circle. great value for the cost! i only use the app to review everything at a glance and maybe send invoices. however, it lacks some of the key features from the online version.
expenses. how do add an expense thats on a 30 or 60 day account?
still needs some changes. multiple addresses for a company is still a drama as it changes all pervious invoices and quotes. plus now on the ipad version it says i can't access until subscription is paid but it is.. works on computer but can't use my ipad. annoying!!!
awful app, won't open. app was working fine until a few days ago. reinstalling doesn't fix it. app opens and a second later disappears. not good for people trying to do their accounts.
great app! but quickly falling behind the ios version. our business purchased nexus 7 4g as it is much more cost effective and portable than an ipad mini. i recently looked at the ios capabilities in accessing my quickbooks data, i was very surprised to see so many more options. signature capture. scan a credit card from within the app etc etc. all of these feature are not on the android version but on ios. :(
help. the android app is very very slow it takes a long time to change a estimate to a invoice i have emailed support several times about the issue with no reply please speed it up.
crashes almost immediately. running ios 12 and then 13 on an iphone 8. installed the app. put my login info in. accepted that no problem. then boom. app crashes and i’m back to my iphone home screen. rebooted my phone. deleted and reinstalled the app. makes no difference. still crashes. having this app was a big factor in my decision to run my business on quickbooks and now i’m reconsidering that before i get any deeper.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. very nice system. very easy to use. i would like to be able to pull more reports and have more options in the mobile app.
. the app sucks really bad, it's full of continuous bugs and it is unstable, every time you try to add attachments to expenses the app freezes does not save and shut down, find another solution because it's sad.
i can't stand this program. logins don't work most of the time. functionality is severely limited (no expense tracking, no bill entry?! seriously). crashes regularly. horrible customer service.
. can't edit invoice # can't edit invoice # so if you aren't entering the next invoice in line (like if you skip a number) there's no way to save it correctly with the correct invoice number. fail. tells me i've already got the next invoice # entered bc it won't let you edit invoice #. what's the point of trying to do it mobile if you're going to be told you have to do it online? waste of my time.
. they just did a huge update and didn't change any of the items i'm having problems with. the app is useless to me with line items abbreviated. how do i know what i'm entering?
awesome. great app for the ipad. i hate complicated software a to tract my work. this ones the most user friendly app i've come across. great recommendation. 5*****'s
. is a great app to have downside is it tends to not load half the time. i have uninstalled and reinstalled and it continues to have an issue with loading.
opens the closes. after the last update of quick books i can not access it on my ipad. there for it is costing me money. i hit the app it opens the closes right back. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it is the same thing. i have 3 jobs i did today that i could not take payment on because of this. please fix asap
great business tool. i use this app in my small business. it is very handy and easy to use.
. app data is never accurate. i hate to login via mobile web to get accurate numbers. misleading and frustrating
best business app!. so easy to use!! very clear info and graphs make it quick and easy to check your profit and loss and see exactly where you spend money and where the most income is coming from!
life saver!. i absolutely love this app. when i first started out and i didn't have that many funds in the bank, this was one expense i didn't even have to overthink. after using quickbooks online app for only a week i knew i could never go back to organizing my finances on my own. i use it every single day!
". app for android stinks. only loads a few visible parts and if you try to update an invoice, originally entered on the desktop, it will ""zero out"" the parts not found on the app (causing invoicing discrepancies). ayou also can't upload attachments to invoices (which i use frequently in my business). until intuit can make their app consistent with the desktop version it is unusable for mobility."
quickbooks. excellent app, works great for my business.
your only retail software. simply the best !
keeps crashing. i am trying to use this app on my s7 on sprint. everytime i log in it crashes and ask to send crash report. ive installed it a few times now. please fix bug.
highly recommend. as an accountant, i use quickbooks everyday on a variety of clients. i wouldn’t recommend any other software. the cloud based platform is ideal for ease of access and management.
. excellent app
. absolutely love it because i can enter transactions in my books anywhere. it's very convenient.
don’t update!. so many bugs. a bunch of features have changed for the worse! running on ipad pro 11” ios 13.1.2
. really frustrated, do not buy this app through google, once you setup you account through good you can not upgrade you account or transfer it to a regular subscription. so i'm just stuck with what i have....
. great app
not happy any longer!. having issues logging in every single time now, very frustrating and not happy at all. always asking for finger print, and when typing in my password, it takes about 5 attempts before it’ll login to my company info. also having a constant lag when trying to inputsubmit any items to customers. this is extremely upsetting when trying to submit invoices before a deadline.
great app!. i have used quickbooks for years and love their software. this application takes their wonderful software to a whole new level. the mobility and ease of use are excellent! the app is well built and very easy to use. it integrates well with your main quickbooks program and syncs all your data in real time. a+++
improving but still a long way to go. like the new dashboard, but need ability to set ytd totals, more report options, does not show all my bank accounts. needs to be more customizable. app does not replace the website version, which is still needed to do any real work. best feature is the easy way it handles the bank feeds.
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
employee. love quickbooks but really want to incorporate it into my service vehicles please make a employee version
. great app for small businesses easy to record all ur reciepts
jays. subscription
taking our business to a new level. we have been so happy since we switched to quickbooks online plus! it has allowed us to streamline our invoicing and bookkeeping. our clients love how easy it is to pay invoices online. we love knowing we've received payment for each cleaning performed! qb customer service is excellent.
app login. i can not login to app using my online login details. have reset again and again and nothing works. very frustrating
will not let me access my info!!!. ever since i got new phones for my technicians ,samsung s5, i have not been able to access any of my customers, transactions, or invoices. i use qbo for my business, but have now lost all mobile capabilities. if not resolved, i will be forced to use a different accounting software. 5 stars if working properly.
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
buggy app. doesn’t even open, tried many times opening it on my iphone x for weeks. it doesn’t even open the app and there hasn’t been an update to fix that for ages. unable to use it on my phone and having to use it on my laptop which i don’t always have it on hand. please fix this issue.
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
scammers. i was charged for 4 months and couldn’t even use my account. they don’t care someone please develop something better! $60 a month for absolute trash.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
convenient but you pay for it. this app is really handy but they jack the prices up on you once you’ve gone through all the hassle of inputting your info. they know you won’t probably mess with changing programs once you’ve wasted all that time and energy. it is nice to use, however.
. i'm a small business owner and for me finding this app has been a blessing. this app really helps me manage my expenses as well as keep track of my inventory, employee payroll can be done as well etc. just really easy to use and having the profit and loss tracker is just awesome. so far i'm loving the free trial, definitely will subscribe once trail is over.
disappointed. i just switched from my trusty iphone to an android phone, this app on my iphone was perfect! it had a list of products and services, unlike the android version. it also loaded all the estimates and invoices for all my customers, this android version hardly has any of my past transactions! please make this like the ios app!
game changer. totally transformed my business. really great software, so informative and nice community to support you. no brainer. can't believe i'm raving about accountancy software!
. they billed my account even though i ended my subscription and was told i would not be billed!!! 😡😠
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo
there is no sku column. quickbooks online is great but if you are a reseller good luck sending a p.o because it doesn't have a sku column so the mfg won't know want your ordering. this is the worst thing that and you can't do sales orders.
. quickbooks notified me of this update at 1am. not nice.
. this mobile app now wont update banking. which is no good for a mobile business without running laptops.
. if you have to write off expenses for your business like meals, travel ect.....get this app now!!!! very simple and user friendly.
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
awesome. great app and very easy to use!
. this software is extremely easy to use and worth the subscription. i started my business last october and i have no interest in switching. cheers apollo butler c.e.oowner of hornet waste management.
. good user friendly
. i would love for this app to work as it would be a great tool. would be way way better if i could enter data even when qb says (incorrectly) there is no internet, and it could sync later.
very convenient. i love that i can create an invoice right on the job site. very easy and convenient.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business!
doesn’t work. app won’t open and website is unresponsive. not very impressed with the program.
. everything is simple and easy to use
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
a good portable quickbooks app. the app has most of the important features, is easy to use, and is certainly a better option than trying to use the quickbooks online on an iphone. it is not a complete substitute as there are several features not available on the app,but it does allow recording time and expenses while on the road and even allows checking on and updating bank balances.
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
changed my world in a good way!. simple, intuitive, any device, anywhere. let's me do my accounting on the fly instead of working though a pile of admin at the end of the month.
superb app. i'm an electrician and run my entire business on this app it's makes my life so easy :)
nightmare. since the latest update quickbooks has been a nightmare. multimillion dollar company that relies on mobile invoicing that does not work now!
all of my clients love it!. the ease of use is fantastic. i love that i can quickly load multiple accounts. the qbo app makes my job so much easier because my clients love tracking expenses and sending invoices on the go!
occasional early glitches with mobile overall v good. i use the mobile version and it's access to my phone contacts makes it really good. there have been a few minor glitches with support but this is getting better and better  so apart from the few minor glitches early on then it would be getting 5⭐️
. started a new business, had to find a way to manage my capital going in and out, also was able to send invoices directly to my customers, do quotes and look at profits. just a great app! perfect for me
. makes things sooo much easier and frees up time! no more sitting in front of a computer all day a couple times a month doing data entrybook keeping. very user friendly app and program. only thing i have to log on to do is mark and sort deposits on the sales end.
makes my job so much easier. simple enough to use but detailed enough to get the job done.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
easy to use. this app is so quick and easy. my business is on the go all of the time and it makes estimates and invoicing so quick and easy.
useful but limited. useful but definitely not as many features as the web version.
tax ratescounties are incorrect. when i create an invoice from this app, it doesn’t select the correct county even when i manually change it. it causes it to transfer back to desktop version as the wrong county when saved and will not account for that county. please fix
convenient but with glitches. while adding transactions from bank register, transactions get duplicated and doubled.
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multiuser access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
user friendly!. makes my life so much easier. i'm able to create and send off the things i need while with a client in the field.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
. not sure if this was resolved but in reviewing past expenses and invoices, it looks like 85% have disappeared. if i entered more than 1 expense on a single day, it kept 1. some days i entered 56 receipts if not more and now i'm redoing them all. switched to a bookkeeper this year so haven't used the app in 6+ months.
mixed bag and ball and chain. a great improvement over the years but the system breaks down at the worst times. today(friday) could not access any of the program for 4 hours. no invoices. no purchase orders. yikes!! when it works, it works well.
. good app.
. moderate user, nice to estimate and invoice on the go
great app!. easy to use, syncs nicely. very user friendly and keeps me informed while on the go!
. very nice program
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
. easy and user friendly app
good app. easy to use
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
great app. very helpful, only complaint is, i would like more features like the desktop version. i would like to be able to get into my online version and accept register transactions, look at taxes that are owed, stuff like that. but over all a huge time saver. and has gotten me out of some tight spots. thank you
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
upholstery shop. very good app
not happy. when i first got the app i fell in love i had problems with the desktop version , with the bank option on the online version which you removed i was able to log in my transactions very quickly , i would appreciate it if you would please bring back the bank option in the menu asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
app. grate app worth purchasing i'd recommend this to anyone
excellent. does what it says on the tin.. excellent app. works brilliantly on the ipad, sometimes find it a little sluggish on the iphone but i put that down to the poor wifi we sometimes have and bad signal from phone operator. anyways it's so easy to use and i can produce an invoice there and then and email to the client instantly. don't know why i took so long to move from desktop to quickbooks online.
helpful but needs better search options. cannot search by customer address, you can only search by customer name. automatically fills in service date which can lead to mistakes.
great app. great app for tracking all my company transactions. love that i can get a tax report for quarterly reporting.
deceiving. silly me. i thought quickbooks had somehow released a free service. i installed this app, and the first thing i am presented with is a screen asking me to sign up for a free trial. sorry, $12.99 per month is just not worth it for quickbooks until they finally build a decent rental business module. i hate being tricked into downloading apps that are actually not free.
love the new app. 5 stars
. lousy app, it takes forever to just delete a picture from the app, send email to customers etc etc. so many bugs crawling in it. fix it man.
. working hard to get this goning
. great app. very functional.
easy and friendly. so far i am enjoying the app and it's easy to understand platform
useless. i'm not even sure what the point of this app is. there's absolutely nothing you can do with it besides see what what you've already done on your desktop. the app does nothing to help you keep things moving along.
"don't download latest version!!. software was great before the latest update. now, no more touchid support, no ability to email invoices. we all remember what apple did with the maps mess, i wonder if intuit will have the testicular fortitude to ""can"" the person who attempted to update the already good software?"
. love this app!! so simple and extremely convenient.
nice apps. nice apps
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
. just started and loving it i have only been using this app for a short time but it has helped me stay on top of the business side of my work and has made invoicing much easier!
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up! one more star for a stronger search engine, can't find invoices by number or customers by address
owner. its great doing my acct on the go, staying current. great mobile app adding more features all the the time!
. happy to be able to bookkeeping on the go. use my time waiting dr offices etc classifying banking transactions and miles. loaves the new reciept capture. hoping the newest update lets me do bank deposits via the app. wish the reciept and banking input allowed for inventory line items like their desktop version i used before converting to online.
can't set it up. tried to get this to work but every time i go to the web page t set up the account etc it just sits there white a spinning timer at stage 2 of 3 of the setup. tried loads of times but just won't work. think if i ever get this working my first invoice will be to quick books for wasting so much of my time
great for my business. this app has been an absolute vital part in helping me run my business. i love it!
. does everything a small business could ask for!
. stan f. would be great if it has signature capture so that a customer can sign the invoice or receipt. the ipad version has the signature capture feature but quickbooks wants 12.99 per month just to be able to use the ipad app and other 27.00 per month for the online essentials account. thats 480.00 per year just to be able to get a signature capture feature that is only available for the ipad version. quickbooks too primitive
bad update. won't work at all after i updated today.
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
entering bills?????. why have intuit decided not to support bill entering on this app?!? it great i can import my paper receipts using the camera, but whats the point if i can't enter as a bill only an expense?!?
". was great, while it worked. like the previous review, on a galaxy s9 i just get a blank dashboard and cannot enter new expenses. so the product has no use. not very impressed with qb's ""we're working on it"" response. this should have been basic testing done by the team, not by paying customers."
great and makes things easier. the best thing about quick books is that they have unlimited live customer service to help guide and assist you. that's a real plus to me.
huge asset for small business. love the flexibility this app provides. i can do everything from the app that i can do from the desktop although it takes twice as long. however, as a small business owner being the accountant and the laborer it is great having the ability to pull up invoices with clients and email invoices on the go.
quality control team is on vacation?. one star to this version because it crashes immediately after i try to open. i deleted it and installed a new version, but same problem. i rebooted my iphone, but same problem. still works on my old ipad because the version is older. force back your quality control team!
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
good app i’ve grown fond of. makes my life 5 times easier. definitely worth the money
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
. the app does not work on any android tablet. works on my android phone but, not on any of my four tablets. will be cancelling our subscription if not fixed soon.
. rubbish app as never let's me update my bank transactions. i go to refresh and it simply comes up saying none and all up to date when it's not. makes the app unusable for me.
. fantastic, easy to use software. i own two small businesses and quickbooks has made my life a lot easier. with the app i can use it anywhere, which is a nice bonus. highly recommend it!
". this app is trash, has me very upset won't let me add a bank account just keeps saying ""hmm connection error"". this is bs i just signed up for this service and won't let me connect your app sucks and most likely will seek a refund. have tried wifi, mobile, what the funk, not quick in my opinion..."
. it takes a little while to get used to it i've always had the desktop version when i had questions the support staff was 100% awesome answered questions research the answers and was able to get back to me with the solution. i've use quickbooks for 25 years and will remain using their product awesome updated version able to use your phone to keep track of receipts
quickbooks. it's great for making estimatesinvoices tracking inventory. .only problem i have found is it prints out like a letter that could be a setting i have missed, would like for the print out to actually look like a billinvoice
. great app use it all the time. east to use
. decent it's ok for adding expenses... but account balances are significantly lacking... i.e. non existent! must have!
great app!. so easy to use, really makes a difference to be able to invoice and do payments on the move.
. i got this to sync with my online account and it doesn't. also it won't let me add a sales tax. and so what's the point if i hafta enter everything into separate accounts.
. this app is great for being on the go. love it!
excellent program. i am so impressed with this new app, it is very easy to use and very helpful for my construction business. i don't even have to go to the office to make an invoice i can do it right in my truck on my phone and send it. i can check on expenses... it's a breeze and worth the time to get to know this app and online program.
too many error messages. for what you pay for a quickbooks online account, this app for ipad and iphone is really disappointing. i get an error message almost every single time i try and enter a new transaction. sometimes it works despite the error message, sometimes it doesn't. but i get the error every time. i can't even access the banking functions as i get an error message and nothing will load. the only function that seems to work properly is the reports section.
. it makes life so much easier and its eady to learn and gain knowledge and experience
. this app is extremely slow, to the point of being unusable. the bank feed is ridiculously slow, anf accepting transactions lags terribly.
. excellent app need to improve speed only.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
. quickbooks is useful for non finance managers like myself. hopefully improvements will continue on some of the less obvious areas
très bon logiciel de gestion. très impressionnant, facile d'utilisation.
app crashes. ever since update cannot open app. need to fix immediately.
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
waste of time. crashes at least 50% of the time i try to enter an expense while on the go
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
rip off. installed as companion to desktop. feature guide limited to decide which online version to choose. chose simple version since my needs are simple... no, wrong version, could i upgrade, no... support desk said i’d then lose the introductory half price... changed version... losing £6... chose next tier up for billing, £9 per month... no, wrong version again... so i’ve lost £15 and now need to upgrade to the plus version... beware folks, money grabbing machine.
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
accounting made simple!. love it,love it.love it!!!!!
. great software. made my life much much easier!
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
app. very god
. can you print from this app
. app crashes after login. reinstalled and still the same error. android using pixel 3. super annoying
. since they changed the app its not working properly nothing appears on the dashboard and can't produce invoices
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck."
love it, but needs some work. reeeallly wish i could cut a po on the app. other than that, the app is a great tool
. quickbooks is amazing. i use it for my company and have never ran into any problems. they have a wide spectrum of things you can do, and the are probably the cheapest options for accounting software. #quickbooksforthewin
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
. best app
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
. this app is fantastic and easy to use
easy to work with. loving it
. love the app. in the app we can schedule appointments. we need that feature for online with computer. can't be too hard to do.. thanks.
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
quickbooks on iphone ios 13 wont open. can you please fix the bug i can’t log in osi 13
can’t upload receipts. it’s incredibly ridiculous that you can’t upload receipts from anywhere but your photos app. what if you get emailed an invoice? nope can’t upload it!
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
just ok. the mobile version is fine. it the desktop version is full of bugs and slow. wastes a lot of my valuable billing time.
. makes estimates on the fly great!
besi. it just makes life easier awesome app
. no unit field in invoice or estimation. makes it impractical in real life transactions.
. 1 star due to being conned by the sales staff. downloaded app and was offered 50% reduction if i signed up. next day get a call from quickbooks sales team saying they could offer the price lower for 12 months, signed up and looked at the offer on the app was lower. its a good tool but sales obv just want to meet their targets
. great app ok
. i am with digital account
. awesome app!
mileage tracker. any chance you can put a mileage tracker on this app? other wise it's perfect for small business
. this app has told me there is a temporary problem on and off for approximately the past 12 months. this app is detrimental to my business. please fix asap!
too expensive. would give it 5 stars if it was cheaper $20 for just invoices give me a break
simply perfect. this program allows us to work and function mire effectively
can't edit customers. you can make new customers but once one is in there you can't edit them unless i go to my pc
no longer loads. after upgrading quickbooks online, this app no longer loads on ipad or iphone. please fix.
not bad.... would like to be able to use it to cray an invoice and take a credit card payment on the road
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
. doesnt download data keeps stuck at the download screen. was told to send an email to john_quickbooks@gmail.com and have not heard back from that address. how do they not have an @quickbooksonline.com support email for this stuff?
rubbish. doesn't work. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. deleted. no support from customer service
please update to support iphone x. please update to support iphone x
top shelf. excellent, simple, 5 stars
i am impressed!. i had to leave a review after being able to set up a new customer and then bill them all from my iphone! not a detail was missing compared to the desktop cloud version of quick books. good job intuit!
. i find this really useful to check accounts and send invoices whilst onsite. never had any issues with the app at all.
. great app, does everything i need while out and about. makes evening paperwork easier.
pretty good. pretty good app. could use a little improvement. doesnt have all the functions of the regular version.
not happy any longer!. having issues logging in every single time now, very frustrating and not happy at all. always asking for finger print, and when typing in my password, it takes about 5 attempts before it’ll login to my company info. also having a constant lag when trying to inputsubmit any items to customers. this is extremely upsetting when trying to submit invoices before a deadline.
. great app for seeing your accounts and any overdue payments. i only use for reference because i put all my input on the quick books on the computer
. sales orders need sales orders! those are our work orders. please add sales orders 43013 still incomplete without sales orders. we are a service based company and sales orders our are work orders. need this addition please. thank you, white pines electric inc.************************************* 91713 still no sales orders! still no sales orders! *************************************************1142014
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile i am a paid version user and i am pc login all options are work properly but mobile apps issue i have made complete 4 tims in call center but agent ask me team work this issue
very frustrating. i can't understand why quickbooks refuses to put time tracking in their mobile app. time tracking is weak at best on a desktop but excluding it on mobile makes no sense. as a graphic designer who only sells time, this is close to worthless.
. lot of functionality easier than web or desktop app.
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
. so simple to use! i normally use qb from my computer but the app works just as well while onthego.
iphone app is the worst. the iphone app doesn't work. their customer service people admitted it doesn't work. don't even try to use it  too frustrating and a big waste of time. online version and ipad versions are good but too limited for price  reports can't compare year over year
great. efficient. user friendly.. really enjoying having this app option for my business. absolutely loving quickbooks intuit online!! really like it can upload photos of receipts. my only suggestion would be to allow photos to be upload to an itemized bill. thank you.
love but.... great! except would love to be able to make a deposit with the app
used to love it.... ever since the app was updated, i can no longer get past the sign in screen on my galaxy note 5. at least it still works on my ipad i guess...
touchid times out. unfortunately the touchid authentication doesn't work as you'd expect. the app constantly asks for you to enter a password even with it enabled.
garbage. signed up to their free trial, spent hours putting up my receipts only to be told i have to start again because of an error at their end. now locked out of my account and all my original receipts have faded taking even more hours trying to communicate with them to gain access to my account
. i would give at least two more stars if the app actually lets me use my card reader, followed by the lack of automatic syncing and not even using active price rules whenever i need to make an invoice for a particular customer. please fix the card reader settings at least.
so much that's so wrong. this rating is for qbo overall, because the app lives in an infrastructure. qbo is rapidly becoming the biggest pos in the accounting world. not sure what they’re trying to do, but it isn’t producing a usable set of books. the app is just a small part of the collapse.
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app and also purchase invoice with itemised discounts option should provided in app
. i love it on my phone . but on my tablet it's slow and says non responsive a lot.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
doesn’t let you do self assessment tax. this app only does my business tax return, and whilst it doesn’t explicitly promise more, because it doesn’t let me do my self assessment (buy to let) it means i still need another app to do this. and an account on top. being such a major tax app, the fact it can’t deal with all my tax matters is a major fail.
not accurate. the data on the app does not match the data on my computer when logged into qbo. this gets worse with the more time that passes by. the only way to fix this, at least temporarily, is to uninstall the app from my phone and reinstall it again. that is a real pain! i will now delete the app all together!,
. great accounting software
. great for small business. easy to learn.
awesome for my business. can’t do business without quickbook. really efficient when it’s time to prepare taxe income report.
. worst ever customer support and fulo bunch of non professional people. not at all recommended.
great app. if the sales history chart can show more than one year will be perfect ( at least 2 yrs )
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
. this app doesn't allow me to add expenses. please fix it. thank you.
no support for canadian tax system. intuit's quickbooks for web does not support the canadian tax system. not sure why this app is appearing in the canadian app store.
so far i have enjoyed the freedom from sitting at my computer. i can make estimates send invoices and do my banking right on my phone anytime anyplace.. sweet app
user. the best accounting app ever!
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
great tool for simple bookkeeping. my business is only income and expenses and cash basis, no inventory, so this tool is great and easy. i do all my book keeping from my phone.
keeps on getting better. has been very useful and absolutely love the new ui.
i'm an accountant. it make my life sooooo easy...live doing accounts from the swimming pool with a cocktail in a hand and phone on other ;) i❤technology
horrible. this app is horrible. it's a complete waste of space. it has no real functionality worth talking about. it is no better than the mobile site which is also useless.
way to much money for the service don't buy into claims. never is up to date loads so slow a total waist of money.
quick booksamazing app..!. please mail to this id anuhari036@gmail.com excellent app to work...it's really very useful to me...can you please tell how to invoice? thank you quick books for this amazing app!! it's really very helpful..!
app is not functional. the app is keep crushing on iphone xs max every time you i want to create new invoice. billion dollar company but cannot fix bugs for a few months already, its embarrassing.
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
fantastic app. as a contractor to be in the field instantly give my customers and estimate or full fullblown bid and be able to follow up with change orders and billing all in one spot. very convenient easy to use and it works great on my phone , home computer, or ipad all at the same time. highly recommend this product not had one problem with it to date.
amazing for small business!!!!!!. i started my service business one year ago and enrolled in quickbooks from day one. i can't rave enough about it! it's made tracking customers, invoices, and expenses so easy i can focus on my work instead of the accounting. still impressed and just in the process of adding payroll.
excellent program. 👍
excellent app.. simple to use and very affordable.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
it's a win. if your a small business like me, this app is a must.
tons of bugs and glitches. there are lots of glitches and lack of features in this app. the vendor transaction history is spotty, many vendors and missing history all together. profit and loss report doesn’t scroll. can’t see the true checkbook register of checks that are written out but haven’t yet cleared. it’s really not very good.
. good mobile app for finance
where the banking. i want to accept transactions while i sit in bed, this app is far from useful without that capability, come on intuit, make the app complete. as is, a total let down!
great for start up. the app works great! i can do nearly all of my bookkeeping from my phone. if i need more detailed i just use my laptop! the monthly subscription is nice too!
thumbs up for the business help!!!. take the time to go through the tutorials and this is an amazing app to help with any small business!!!
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
. seems a little pointless if the vendor activity doesn't sync.
. great no problems
. the app has been very glitchy lately, and i haven't been able to sign in for the past week. most of my business is on the road. its becoming very inconvenient.
refresh invoice?!?. trying to add new items to existing invoice with partial payment received and won't let me save changes! refresh invoice means what, exactly? without this function why do i need my subscription? made office work harder as now must go submit through pc and pray that works...
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
good. love this app
superbe app!. qbook me facilite la tâche (pour ma part, la comptabilité est un fardeau) dans le fait de garder un œil sur les chiffres de mon entreprise . allezy!
please: give us delayed charge already!. a new update, and still no delayed charge feature. how many times do we have to ask? for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
. simple and to the point.
major problems with the newest update!!!. the app was working great until a few days ago. now i cannot receive payments on my iphone due to a bug in the app and i also cannot send an invoice via email on my iphone or ipad now. ☹️
bs. imported a csv for earlier history than the standard import, as the instructions said to, only to find nothing in the record anywhere, again. yes, i spent a few hours, imported lots of transactions, got nothing, twice. screw these people.
please: give us delayed charge. for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
. great app. i have had excellent customer service experiences.
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
great app. can see my transactions in real time.
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
awesome.. would be 5 star if we had a shipping address on mobile version. i love this app make my life so easy. thank you.
. good app, has some minor flaws but does work in a pinch when your out on the road and need to do a quick invoice
new and improved. i waited a long time to change over to the online version per the advice of my accountant. it was worth the wait. it's a much better version and easier than the regular version of qb
i love it. i use this app and software everyday to organize and manage cash flow in my business. i don't know what i would do without it!
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
gerald. tax . tax here applied is actually confusing as only sales tax is taken into account. it's as if purchases or expenses are not taxed. if you need to claim tax on purchases or expenses doesn't show anything. it's as if i do it manually or. how do i import quickbook intuit into quickbooks online. or why not merge some features in intuit to online. it's not only as you say to do invoice as you go but you can't account for your taxes.
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
best business app!. so easy to use!! very clear info and graphs make it quick and easy to check your profit and loss and see exactly where you spend money and where the most income is coming from!
useless app. mileage tracking is grossly inaccurate, way too many inadequacies and limitations on the invoicing and accounting features. this app is a joke. i tried it for several months and have lost money as a result of it's shortcomings. the positive reviews here must be fake. do your research and search the web for accurate reviews. i recommend everlance as a better option.
excelente app. helpful tool
scanning receipt yet to be as effective.. i was using neat desk for scanning and it captures all bills. if quick book cannimprove receipt scanning for cab and other bills it will be wonderful.
. amazing software
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
could be better. still no auto save. it’s 2018 folks, time to wake up. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
. great app
. really good app to use for small businesses
bad update. can no longer accept credit card payments. keep getting error code 6000. tech support advised this is a known issue but no eta on fix. please revert back to previous version.
great app. there is no other app like it. this is probably one of the easiest apps to use and it is very userfriendly. i use it for my business and i have instant access on my iphone. you can send invoices on a moments notice.
quickbooks online. an intuitive program that works for a number of my smaller clients as well as being cost effective and saving time and bookkeeping fees. works for everyone.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
app needs major work. the app is useless, i have to pull out my laptop or wait till i get to my home or office. i would love to use my ipad pro, that i carry everywhere but the app is literally useless!!! please fix asap
very hands off. this app leaves me powerless to explore my business financials. so different from the full web version. i was dissappointed!
. très utile, mais surtout très complet!
. great app
linked bank account. locked out. no customer service.. there is literally no phone support whatsoever for the mobile app. i'm still locked out of this app after linking my checking account.
great app. love to have access to our invoicing and payment details wherever i am. super easy program to use.
. very powerful program.
best choice for modern businesses. quickbooks online (qbo) could be a challenge for those resistant to change, or those not looking to grow their business. but for business owners hungry for dynamic, realtime financial data to both interpret and grow their businesses, qbo is key. the combination of qbo and integrated applications (tailored to your specific industry and workflow) aid in gaining efficiencies which eliminating redundancies, manual data entry and a few other timesaving and (human error) opportunities. highly recommended.
. great app. easy to use
sloooooooowwwww!!! iphone 6. very slow to do simple things like log an expense. camera feature is useless with crop feature. can i have the option to turn this off? just wanna take a photo without auto crop which 90% does a bad job. other than that its great :)
saves time = saving money. great way to save time in keeping track of your business expenses and income. worth every penny for me saves me about 48 hours a week in managing my books and business.
. great app
needs work. need more features like transfers, journal entries and ability to drill down into expenses.
. super app
. extremely limited functionality. disappointing that intuit doesn't wake up to the extended needs of the new mobile app world. despite their efforts, feels like they can't shake the qb desktop mentality.
. one of the best accounting app anyone can think of
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
. very helpful people to assist. easy to use in general. a little difficult to get head around undeposited funds and matching balances. yet great looking invoices and easy to track when payments are due.
great app. this is a great app to have if you use quickbooks. glad to have it available to me!
so useful.... i don't really use it like it's designed. i have 50 company trucks & 5 semi trucks to keep track of at our repair shop. this allows me to document everything. each vehicle as a customer with year & type always easy to find. each invoice acts as a repair, allows me to document every detail and track costs. luv this app! well worth the subscription fee.
quickbooks app. i find this app to be the most useful app on my phone to run my yard care business due to be able to add jobs that have been done right on my phone to make it easier to remember what's been done
. the self employed app was better at tracking milage this one doesn't even track milage anymore this crashes when i try to add manually it won't let me set the endpoint. won't log me in on fingerprint sometimes, hangs and crashes a lot. overall its no where near as stable as the self employed version.
sweet app!. love the app for keeping track of my ar.
very useful. would live to see bank figures in there too
great but needs some updates. just recently i am unable to log in to my company. i can get on to my online account, but not on the app?? says my email and password isn’t found?
. not functioning as many have stated to be having the same issue unable to view customers invoices ect on the home screen obviously a common major issue need a fixing
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
. great app for running my business
won't save receipts. try to record receipts in expenses, just get error message. called the number the message had, person they don't offer support for mobile devices or their app.**** update i did as you requested the day you requested and to date have not heard back from your staff. same issue with samsung 10.1 tablet and s6 phone.
great app!¡. im always on the go and this app is great when invoiceestimate has to be sent immediately or when there is no computer access¡¡ highly recommended for biz on the go!!
do not switch. if you use tradition quickbooks, do not switch. you will be very disappointed with the lack of simple features that are standard on traditional versions.
great for small business owners.. awesome app. very convenient and keeps the finances and work orders organized. takes some trial and error but well worth the effort to learn this system. you tube has many instructional videos on how to expedite learning this program. price is reasonable for what you get. don't hesitate to get it. if anything you will learn something.
so much better than sage. we moved from sage to this and haven’t looked back. the app is better and the links to banks work (unlike sage). the help and support is better than sage too. all in all, well worth a trial.
backward compatibility entrapment. i thought i’d try the trial online plus version after being happy with essentials. was not advised during the offer that going back meant having to reenter much of my historical data manually. now i pay for features i do not use or like. their help desk just kinda said...’oh well’. they didn’t even offer to extend the trial offer incentive that had me curious about the product. intuit calls it ‘stickiness’. i call it entrapment.
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
easy to use. keeps me on top of my expenses every day. should have started using it months ago!
more of a headache than a help. registered online, used same login info for the app, and the app says it's a free trial. online service not communicating well with app and i was hoping to use the app most of the time. sigh.
friendly app. looking for the app to start your business look no further then this. i've started to use it and it's very easy to use.
bank sync. errors while synching bank accounts for matching invoices. this is a basic function and not sure why they cant fix it. account shows as not deposited though its in bank. please fix this.
best accounting app. the best accounting app by quickbooks . made accounting easy
demoted from 5 stars to 4. using the app on ipad and iphone for more than 5 years. dashboard has been unable to properly show invoice status for at least 3 months now. version 17.9, at least 3 updates ago? no fix yet nor response from intuit after feedback. while i’m not fond of frequent updates, one expects to have these kinds of obvious bugs fixed in the next update.
. love this app for my business!
has some 🐜. i really like qbs. sometimes i cannot send invoices or edit. a message pops up saying that ‘try again later’. i would like to use my own design for my invoices instead of the very simple format i can only use in their system.
good app. good app more functionaly could be added
great invoicing app. works great for invoicing needs.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck. *tried clearing data, same issue."
so far i love it. i was apprehensive at first. my son insisted i try it. he was right; it's actually easier on my phone than my pc.
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
don’t bother if you don’t have an accounting degree. this app is terrible. it doesn’t allow me to do anything that i need to day to day and then i have to go back at the end of the month and redo almost everything i have done for the month. waste of money and time. an excel spreadsheet is more accurate.
. will not let me create and save new transactions with htc one. please fix this issue. using mobile browser is very frustrating.
nexus 6p problems. still does not work on nexus 6. i'm trying to run a business this app use to make me efficient. now it sucks that i can no longer log in to upload receipts. i would give it zero if i could.
really useless without bank register. the usefulness is really limited without having access to banking features via mobile app. dissappointed.
. great app
nice app.
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
. good app
quicken & quickbooks been around since the 80's. fantastic accounting software. great for anyone to use. teach your kids!😄😍😘💖💎💎💎
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
rnm media and sound. it’s a great app and system. lovely to use and easy to get around. they must just add online reception and receiving of payments. this will make business much much easier.
. simple and easy to use. professional
crashes 3 seconds after loading.  every time it loads, it crashes 3 seconds after. unusable. even deleting and reinstalling doesn't fix the problem. come on intuit, get it fixed.
new update 115. the new update is horrible!! i used to be able to search customers by address and the search bar is gone. also, whatever screen i choose to be in, i have to fully close the app out to go back! what happened?!?!
little tricky to get used to the interface. will still continue tonuse
great & uptodate!. this is a great little app to give you access into the back end of your quickbooks online account. great for doing simple invoicing and adding expenses. i still use the desktop browser for more complicated reports and such. well done and intuit keeps the app up to date thank you!
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
very happy. i changed from myob to intuit and my only complant is i wish i did it years ago.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
. don't make a mistake on quickbooks online! if you do i was told by customers service that i would need to delete all transactions 1 by 1. i have over 10,000 haha. or to delete this account & open a new account, which i did & was told i would be refunded. nope! i'm now being double charged now. thanks quickbooks for wasting a few days of my time and getting nothing done & have to start all over
what, no zero star option?. great job with touch id and your lousy payroll app. everything this company does is garbage. tells you about the sad state of affairs in financial software if quickbooks is even an option to have to use.
system modify for the better. great system except when you send an invoice out there is no way to mark it that it has been sent out . so you constantly have to keep a note book with all the customers and what is going on with each individual invoice.
not suitable. not happy with this app and it won't let me cancel it! help!
frustrating. it's good to be able to use from iphone etc but i can't get any support or reply for help just doesn't happen seriously thinking of going back to reckon just because of this
touch id rules. much easier to login now.
useless app for working in qbo. only found 2 reports available through the app. can’t “drill” into figures on the 2 reports provided. cannot access expenses on coa can’t really get any work done.
. works very well for how i use the app within my business.
. i am totally dissatisfied with qb small business app and quickbooks in general. i'm also using an android and having the same syncing problem. i will be cancelling my subscription with quickbooks altogether and will be going with one of their competitors. it has been a waste of my time with all the phone calls with their technical support in the philippines who gave totally incorrect information about the issue which was clarified when i spoke to customer service in sydney.
life saver. apart from the fact i have to input my password every time, this app is a great compliment to the version i use on my laptop. so easy to use, can invoice on the spot. very happy.
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
5 star. with expense tracking. this is now awesome
. great app and also great customer service they answer my questions very fast.
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol.
". just signed up. you get a 24hr trial and then it asks you to spend $7.99mo with a 30% off discount (not sure if that is included, or what). so much for a ""free"" app."
very helpful.... there are some glitches with a couple of the features but for the most part, it’s exactly what i need. a great help for record keeping and invoicing my customers efficiently. there should be an option to select and send multiple invoices at once. i have multiple invoices per customer each week.
. both the desktop and the mobile app are unstable. if i decide to stay with quickbooks and that's a big 'if' i will return to the regular desktop version. the gui sucks and is not intuitive in any way and the help section is inadequate .
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
cannot drill down for info. why bother making an app if you can't drill down for information? i am able to have full functionality with our hosted data base, so why can't intuit make this happen? i love intuit's products, so this is most disappointing.
. very happy. i'm a sole trader but still enjoying the benefits of the full version. worth every cent
. update has not fixed this issue! why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
have to improve in customer support. an ok app for small business.. but horrible customer service.. first starters, you have to call them only during pacific time hours..? so i’m in delaware, which means, if i want to reach them i have to wait to get a live rep. then, their wait time is terrible.. 30+ minutes. ??? so one star for now.. once you guys improve in this area, i’ll be glad to recommend and change rating...
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
. concept was good. but too many errors. could not work at all
. free try option does not work. what's the fun of offering trial that doesn't work
crashes since ios13. i can no longer open my quickbooks on my phone since the ios 13 update has been released.
love this app!.
. this is a f_____ing scam i have been trying to cancel this confusing app for months i need some help
. great app. obviously nots as many features as browser access but an amazing app nonetheless.
love the app!. convenient
. i have updated my review. quickbooks has made some great changes and improvements. they still have a few to go. but definitely on the right track. i have also had to contact customer service and they were super helpful. thank you quickbooks you have changed my mind and made this a great app. definitely recommend!!!!
. quickbooks has allowed me to continue with my business by taking care of all of the administrative work for my business. thank you quickbooks
. malfunctions on every level. did not attach a single receipt picture to the transaction. brought in the bank accounts and scrambled them. even on the desktop deposits are expenses and you cannot edit them
. great accounting capabilities for small and medium enterprises, compatible across all my devices. taxation is resolved quickly, no stress and most definitely no complains
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
. this app makes my life so much easier.
. useful for my business needs at the moment
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
very good app.. really like this app.
can't log in. ami the only one ho just can't log in? customer support unreachable.
. very user friendly app to use
junk.. not great. doesn't support photos. i guess thats to be expected from intuit. always a little behind the game. don't bother with support either they are worse. i have had my ipad cleared twice by their support. inventory and all. wonder why the go payments cant work like an invoicing system. talk about the blind leading the blind!
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
business saver. great for onthego business needs. allows me to create invoices and send to customers for immediate payments. everything i need!
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
. awesome app.
. i've used qb for 8 years. this app is the better and more seamless than the pc version. love the capability to invoice customers on the job, record payments and send a receipt in seconds.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
. very user friendly. qbo makes my task simple and easy.
changed the way we do business. i love this app. we needed something that we could easily use in the field. we can create estimates, invoices, receive payments and even attach check images to those payments. our productivity has skyrocketed. quickbooks has figured out the mobile accounting software. customers for life.
very user friendly!. quick books makes life simple!
easy to use. a very easy to use software that is cloud based with a great phone app. i’ve been using this for some time now and it evolves every year. most for the best. a helpful help call centre should you have any problems. 4 stars as i don't believe you can back this up
. excellent very useful app for business purpose.
signature box not wroking. when client tries to sign in box on a credit card transaction with a apple pencil or with finger the box moves around. no signature is captured.
. the previous version didnt update dashboard. this latest version does not run on my samsung s9 at all. quits with an error after signing in. i have uninstalled, reinstalled, still won't work.
. info lost. i was using the service for my business last year and started in march. in november the app crashed. when it did all my saved receipts mileage and info was lost. i can't even login any longer. when i called they said there is no support for the app except online. so i cant even speak to a rep. so all my info gone and i'm still being charged for a year and a half now for a service that never existed.
why must the change the fonts. good software but the recent ui change is terrible. the colors are downgraded and the fonts look horrible...makes the product look cheap
. great app. i have enjoyed learning on the uses for it. my only complaint would be the overall price i pay for everything. i feel like i get nickle and dimed on things i feel like should come with my monthly fee. with that being said i still plan on using this since it works very well and it has overall saved me time.
. this app is eady to use and keep all my business expenses in one place!
fair app version, but not good as browser version. i’m not able to select item groups when creating an invoice. also im not able to enter sku when creating an item. neither im able to search items by sku info... they dont let you set a fixed price for an item group on any version of the software which o find really easy to implement by code which is dumb...
awesome app. love it
hate the app. limited functionality of the app makes it virtually useless... unless i have access to a pic or laptop, i can't do all the things i need to do. the program itself is good, just not sure why the app hasn't caught up yet.
the best for small biz. to be able to login and get to your quickbooks anywhere is awesome! if you love the ability to work at different locations using dropbox because your files are where you need them, this is the same level of mobile convenience because your data is always where you need it!
. amazing app for mobile, i now use my phone to manage my complete project. great work quickbooks!!!
great. best tool for small biz ! make my life easier and my customers happy...10stars..
. terrible, ended up deleting it. so buggy that you can't save expenses.
. contiuous problems with syncing data and logging in. the contact center has been terrible to deal with and provide no help at all.
. very convenient to use especially when entering expenses! no lost receipts.
no sign in recognition. i have been using the online version on my pc for a while. the mobile app will not let me sign in no matter what i do.
great app. helpful for small busines
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol.
great for in the field. love the app. it would be even better if you could use the reoccurring invoice list from the app.
. great app
quickbooks. does everything i need it to do
. a great awesome business app lets you control your finances and send off invoices
. app is not opening. i have so much data in it please fix the issue
organization. finally found a way to do things faster and keep me organized!! with qb app i can easily go into my account and make an invoice, pay a bill, and add my deposits as soon as i do them without waiting until i'm in my office to do everything.
crap!. can't create an invoice in the app that has cis? really? why not? so i can't do my invoices on the go?! rubbish app rubbish system! use another programme!
can't save an invoice since update.. please fix asap. i use to use this app everyday and now i can't. i love quickbooks but this is bad!!
love quickbooks and intuit. makes my job and my life so much easier. thank you quickbooks
. really frustrated, do not buy this app through google, once you setup you account through good you can not upgrade you account or transfer it to a regular subscription. so i'm just stuck with what i have....
. so far the ability to track expenses has been extremely easy and seamless.
"problems. this app will not let me save an invoice, it always says ""this number already exists"" no matter which number i add. only started the error on the 301112, please fix."
. it's better easier than what they made the desk top version into.
excellent program. i am so impressed with this new app, it is very easy to use and very helpful for my construction business. i don't even have to go to the office to make an invoice i can do it right in my truck on my phone and send it. i can check on expenses... it's a breeze and worth the time to get to know this app and online program.
i spoke, they listnened. i have had my fair share of frustrations with intuit and when they send out questionnaires i answer them and my biggest complaint was no access to a p&l which is now apart of the app. it's perfect for what i use it for and there's nothing like creating invoices and getting paid on the go. great update and thanks for listening.
love it!!. makes life easier being able to enter transactions from my phone!
still unresolved issues 3 month later. i’ve had quickbooks for over 3 month now and since i’ve had it i have been unable to allocate my bank transactions on my app. i’ve flagged this to quickbooks and had responses but no fix. keep being told to use desktop version for now! 3 months and still not fixed isn’t good enough for a payed for app.
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the phone app is all but useless.
excellent app. i am a accountant and this is excellent
. so how long is your app going to be temporarily unavailable? we're going on 3 days now and i need to bill people.
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
doesn’t load (for me). app doesn’t load. tap on the icon and nothing happens. i hope no one else has this problem.
don’t bother downloading!. this app was so hard to use, wouldn’t connect to my bank, wasted so much time trying. brought up all of my personal accounts transactions even though i asked it to hide them. wouldn’t bring up transactions older than 3 months. i honestly don’t understand how anyone can use it!!!
easy to use. overall i like this. having a quick option while on the go is great.
quick and easy. had a few teething issues getting used to the system, but i fund it easier to work and the app makes it easy to take shots of receipts to add electronic records
"getting there. qb online is a great service, but slightly glitchy. the app however just gives me an error message when i tap ""banking"". that's the most important feature!!!"
. great app, makes paperless billing a breeze for a small company.
improved greatly. since the last update, the bugs have been worked out and the issues i'd seen don't occur anymore. thank you
add receipt photos!!!. please this feature is desperately needed. you did it for the self employed app why not for this more expensive version???
quickbooks slow and hard to work. hard to understand and work. cannot pay on invoices on phone but can on computer. system is slow. give me the old system any day
hit or miss. when it works it is awesome, however it's been rare that it works. 9 out of 10 times i get an error has occurred message and i have to use the desktop to resolve it.
quickbooks. the best accounting system and app there is no realistic comparison. easy to use.
excellent for small biz and freelancers. as a freelance artist who travels a lot, this app (plus online access) suit all of my accounting needs. easy to follow after you've learned the basics, and love doing my monthly books while on the subway. has clients and books all in one place. helpful to see who owes money and to track income flows across each year. all the reports are fantastic. best accounting software out there, worth the investment imo.
. awesome app pretty convenient and user friendly.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
awsome. very good program has helped me a lot.
shari. love it
awesome!!!. fantastic and love how much this program does for you. very simple to use.
can't even get in. changed password, tried countless times, still can't get in. this is unreal! please fix this app! !
. great app makes things easier
poor service. difficult to set up invoice template and negotiate site, customer service poor, and when you try to write a review and send it off if the nickname is taken you have to write it all out again. as usual well advertised on tv but fails to deliver.
. updated app and its crashed. keeps telling me an update is available, click ok and google play just says open ?? i've literally just bought a subscription and already in the bit of free time i have, i cant even set the app up ??
simplicity for a complicated world. thank you, quickbooks! this is seriously a life saver app! super simple and convenient!
ceo of gd2k. this is a really good app it has help our business in so many ways. it help boost our profit margin we have been able to close deals, and make invoices right on the spot. i recommend this for a lot of different business with quickbooks online.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. can't upgrade... even with tech support's help they can't figure out how to make it work. after writing this review support contacted me and managed to upgrade.
good and convenient. i can sync quickbooks on my computer, ipad and iphone. convenient
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
great for handyman businesses. qb is great for me! i run a handyman business and my office is at my clients place or in my truck. i can sent estimatesinvoices while i am on site. it so nice because i use my tablet or phone when i’m on the road and when i’m home i can use qb on my computer and everything is automatically updated
useless for mobile access. doesn't have any of the features you would expect from a mobile app. if you want to do anything other than create a invoice or view transactions you put in from your desktop, its a waste of time. no balances, no accounts, nothing useful at all.
. love it, used quickbooks 2013 before this and so far i like the features this has better seems easier to use
ilove. great job guys! love the look and layout. i will be reaching for my ipad instead of my phone from now on! 4 stars.... would have been a 5 but when i am working on an invoice i can't add service dates. this is important for me and i found myself going for my phone.
great tool. i love it. simple and reliable.
. app freezes and crashes several times a day. the photo receipt scan feature is probably the biggest culprit. even simple things like updating my business contact information yields an error message which is usually followed by a crash. the mac version of qbo isn't any better. similar issues there. very clunky, buggy applications. too much time spent troubleshooting. time for an alternative.
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
. as a quickbooks user anytime i'm in need of the app it's been brilliant. missing a few key features, but as i mainly stick to the web version it's fantastic when needed
. square app is so much easier to navigate on mobile app. plus square has instant deposit. quick books i have to wait 2 buisness days at the least. horrible.
don’t update. ever since last update it crashes when i try to run a credit card. was talking with customer support for an hour and all she could say is i understand. when i asked to speak to a manager the line was disconnected
great software. this does everything i absolutely need it to do. i wouldn't use anything else it's easy to manage they have great customer service and i don't have any complaints about it keep up the great work thanks for making my job a lot easier.
new to qb app. love it
. super easy to learn. love that it keeps all of my customers info!
superb app. works everytime for me, allows me to update invoices, expenses and record payments.
. it would be nice to be able to add categories from the app for types of job descriptions
awesome app. awesome app and online as well. runs rings around xero. app is 100x better
. quick books online asking me to update app through website .... will not open.
good product. use this for small business. works good for all basic business functions. updates have made it even better. i enjoy and appreciate this product.
". won't allow me to update ""company information"", so customer invoices and receipts show the wrong information displayed. not a way to run a business, only track p&l. disappointing."
needed this for a while!. this app is great. all of the major needs are right here in your phone. i have inlimited data on my phone so i can log in whenever and check what i need wherever i am.
terrible to customers. your website deleted my account, which i spent hours putting together, and had every intention of subscribing and paying for this service, and then when i spoke with customer service to see what happened, i was told to call two other numbers for the same service, then placed on hold by the final number for 510 minutes, and was hung up on. they had my number and never called me back. horrible service to your customers. i will pursue a different company.
pretty good could be great. this ties in nicely with the desktop version. it's not 5* purely because of the actual software not the app itself. the customising of the invoice isn't great and adding previous invoices when you first start isn't great but if you're not worried about that it works well!
mobility at its best!. is like having your business at the palm of your hands! just sent out a $40k invoice while on a cruise ship in mexico. also love the storeforward function. no need to be connected, once you get connected it will be sent out. great app!
. the app has been having system errors & technical difficulties since january. why? my credit card is still being charged monthly fees and the product that im being charged for isn't working. your system is broken & flawed. please cancel subscription and refundcredit my card back. i would really appreciate it. i'm not interested in speaking to another rep. refund...
. i've been using this for my business for 5 years. i love it because i csn do it on my phone through the app and desktop! it is also easy to collect and sibmitt all my tax info at tax time. works for me, easy to learn, and reliable.
. i love the freedom that qbook gives me with the online version i can work at any place out side of the office.. also update are free and there free support team are the best. thanks so much qbook for be there for my business and me..
very useful on day to day business. makes mobile invoice and payment tracking a breeze
would be better if i could manage payroll on the app. i would love to be able to do up my company’s payroll on the fly if i’m out on a job site or on a business trip. please fix this
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
. never could get it to work, after months of paying and a call into quickbooks (who do not support the product if bought through the playstore or apple store), i gave up trying to use this software. $160 out the window with not a single useful action resulting from owning this product.
need ability to accept and categorize bank transactions. an app is supposed to make our lives better. all the bells and whistles in the world to date on qb app don't help if i can't sync my bank and credit card transactions while on the go. can't this be prioritized? surely i'm not the only user who needs to clear my banking transactions and relies on that for expense side.
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
yeah. works great, limited on mobile app!
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
very intuitive. incredible app. i find it easier to use than the desk top version.
. i have been using this app for years to run my small construction company. i have never had major issues.
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
love it. customers are paying online. so much easier for my business. great app.
. app isn't working. i keep getting an error message while it's loading.
easy iphone app. i like it, it’s easy enough to navigate on my iphone. you cannot do everything that you can do on the computer but it takes care of most business.
poor. need to put password in every time i start can't write a service invoice and an amount
cheap & easy. this program is cheaper than other accounting software & is easy to use.
. app transitions from mobile to desktop to email flawlessly. easy to edit & automatically updates to the emailed copy. very easy to use. very intuitive...
great for tracking business and personal expenses. great app
. really quick and simple set up. easy to use. no problems so far. perfect for a small business.
mr smith. electrical contractor. early days yet but feels great especially linking bank to invoices and been able to see exactly what is going on in my business. so far a big thumbs up .
broken app. unusable. going on over a week like this. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money.
. awesome app and company! used them for several years now and will not go anywhere else...
worst ever app. i have no idea why is this app on app store. the moment i sign in it says your session is expired and you need it sign in again. thats the only vicious circle of time wastage is what this app has to offer its customer. worst experience ever
awesome app. i run a small business and i use quick books to manage my entire business! from estimates to invoices to getting paid its all so easy and fun to use! thanks guys
. login with google sign on sends me out to my browser then asks for password creation. continuous loop back to app then back to browser. have not been able to log in once. followed directions online for help still unable to sign in. no other app does this. guess im stuck using my desktop for quickbooks. may have to look into an alternative.
best in the business!. im a general contractor, tracking and allocating expenses is easy, i take a picture of the receipts with my phone and stays stored in the cloud, really cool. i like it a lot
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
great app. i run a it buisness. have loved using this app. i love being able to do invoices while i'm away from my computer.
awesome app. works great for my mobile detail business.
. couldn't run a business without this app.
4 out of 5. great app! the only feature i wish was on here was the ability to write purchase orders and revise them, as it’s not available on the mobile app. other than that, it’s great!
. wow amazing app.this is very helpful app. thank you developers.likeit.
quickbooks. great app tool.
great app. accounting on the go!. ahh my favorite part of the day just got a whole lot easier. this app lets you track you individual transactions on the fly. it also lets you categorize and itemize expenses. if you like neat books and your on your phone a lot this app makes things easy. it's free so just try it out.
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
not useful yet. it is okay to check open balances and receive payments, but other than that, there is little functionality. qboa continues to improve, so i expect this app will improve as well.
took out deposit option! why?. i can no longer record simple deposits from the mobile app. i’ve been using quickbooks online for over a year now and make use of that functionality weekly. why did they take it away? not every deposit is an invoice payment.
missing a major key demographic.. although a good application, there are some things missing  like the ability to do business income taxes for t2 (corporations). this feature should be able to send those docs to cra in a format that ready to go. especially when small business corporations are being targeted in the media. help make this easier  there's no reason this feature should not be incorporated into the software.
. i haven't been able to update a draft invoice via mobile in over 2 years and it's been a known issue? instead of adding new reports all the time, work on the basics please.
. horrible experience continues with indian counterpart. asked for refund twice they have sent transaction confirmations details till date money not credited even after mailing bank details and statements. customer care and refunds are two seperate teams with no interaction. had asked for refund in early dec 2018 now it is jan 2019. sales person and customer care representatives have smartly disappeared leaving customer hanging high and dry without refund and empty promises.
. does not show my payroll infopay stub. just doesn't work well on the app : not even on mobile for my samsung s9 using samsung internet or chrome. only works well using a computer or laptop...
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app
. it stop tracking my miles 3 days ago and now it's useless to me. don't waste your money.
"love this app. it is so awesome to be able to login to our accounting software and services do an invoice right from the service location we just finished up on... i can actually send a store manager a estimate sheet as a ""what was done  sign off sheet for his record in the case of a corporate billing. i am so glad i chose qb's online..."
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
. this is false advertising. it's not free!
app doesn't connect on ios 9. ever since ios upgrade 9.3 and quickbooks mobile app doesn't sign in, always says check internet connection. it's a bug in the app and they know it, we contacted support to fix it and they said they are working on it and will have a solution by end of may. this problem has been on for more than 4 weeks with no solution. poor app with poor support. not recommended at all.
excellent. quickbooks online has created a whole new dimension to bookkeeping and accounting for small business. the ipad app is very useful for an overview of transactions
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
works great!. for an app this is very powerful and lets you know the basics on the run.
. awesome app makes life simple for small businesses
"no support. staff is rude. need help checking on billing and the person says it's not my job. you can google the number for that question. i was like what support do you provide? her exact words "" nothing""!"
simple and efficient. this makes invoicing on the go so simple. i love that it syncs with my computer and i can take a photo of receipts and it adds them to my expenses. very convenient
. its not user friendly, and nobody cares about it. they just know how to increase subscribers. not enjoying at all.
stuck in the test version. it is all great in theory, yet there are so many glitches. you can’t search by address. it crashes too often. frequent notifications that as an example your deposits weren’t recorded properly do you want to fix them? i shouldn’t need to fix the bank deposits. please fix the bugs! oh and not all of my clients made the transition from the desktop version to the online version. also quickbooks asked me to rate quickbooks online 4 times today alone.
. love this app, easy to use and reasonable priced
no way to select india as a country. hello i am using iphone xs .. i downloaded ur app .. i am not able to select india as the country.. what seems to be the problem ?
love this app tho. 😘👌👍👏😊♡✔
. much easier than using the mobile site on my phone and very convenient for sending invoices
great app. helps me keep everything straight with my business when i'm on the go.
crashing and signing out. hi there this app continuously crashes saying it needs crucial updates. there are no updates and continues to do the same over and over again. i cannot use it at all now. help.
. great app
ipad perfect until ios 8.5. app hasn't worked since 8.5 update. have sent several request about the app crashing and no one has gotten back to me. i've deleted and redone loaded, rebooted ipad, etc. when not crashing it's a 5 star app. please fix asap!
hyperbole. good to have it tested.
impressive for mobile. i posted a bad review because of some bugs. i received an immediate response about upcoming updates and a week later it was fixed. i love that level of support. nice app too.
". i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it."
. quickbooks online has been great, downloaded this app to make life quicker when not in the office. however, for expenses i have found it unusable as the same payment methods i am using online are not available on the app and therefore it messes up the consistency of my transactions. very disappointed as had high hopes, have yet to test the differences whilst invoicing.
. i use this app for my small business, and it's fantastic everything i need and then some. all in an affordable package,and it's simple to use also.
not great for my line of business. doesn’t aloud me to itemize product with different price for each one of my client
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
i like it. i still like it. i don't know all of what has changed yet but i think it is easier for me to get around that before.
basic app. app functions are extremely limited, and i can't use qb web on any browser on ios devices (ipadipad pro 12.9iphone 7plus) as all browsers including safari, chrome and dolphin run in zoomed mode when want to enter invoice, payments, receipts and bills or even check reports and make unusable.
. its very good program keeping my books in order, reminding of unpaid invoices connects to external management software, great stuff
. great app. keeps all my business expenses in order.
extremely limited. no credit memos, you can't have a simple addition of how much you have to receive in open invoices at a specific date, no journal entries. i have only my ipad pro and if i try to access the web version, it's not compatible with any browser on ios. so you're stuck and you need a pcmac only for these things. it's a terrible, terrible experience.
works great!!. using quickbooks since the past 6 months now. great software, thanks. :)
killer app. killer service.. the app is great, arguably better than the online version. great for keeping track of transactions and uploading photos of receipts.
. quick books online is perfect for a small business owner like myself. i can have a professional bookkeeping,payroll, and tax service with also being able to provide estimates and invoices out in the field. its perfect!! thanks so much much quick books. trey blocker blocket tree service
. inuit customer service is a joke
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
. very easy to use this program and sell explanatory. makes everything simple and painless.
. not as user friendly as the desktop edition, but it does that job well.
awesome. streamlines my entire business, saves me tons of time, lets me take credit cards, and best of allows me to bill on the spot.
. very miss leading and is nothink like the tv advert. not to easy to use and over all disappointed. having to use it because of my accountant. no impressed!!!!
. my go to business app...always works great.
simple and great on the go!. a simpler version of quick books online, not all the functions are available but it's very user friendly and does what i need!
amazing app to accompany an amazing program. i've been using quickbooks online along with the app for over a year. my business has never been more organized in regards to accounting. being able to access all of my information from my phone is a game changer. will give the app 5 stars when they implement a way to move items once added to an estimateinvoice.
". you broke the app!!! can't attach pdfs to invoices anymore!!! it litteraly worked yesterday, and today a ""new"" interface. make a deal with adobe and fix it now!!! update no your solution doesn't help. i already new i could do this on the desktop version. app is still broken and your proposed solution is just as useless as you have rendered your app. fix it"
. purchased app following welcome link from qb online thinking they would integrate and work together seamless, not so totally separate and no vat invoicing. cancelled same day billed for a month.
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use!
the recent update fixed the problems!. this app seems to be back to normal! 😄 qb online works great for working on the field and being mobile! 😊
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
so useful. i have just upgraded from quickbooks 2006 to online. can't get over how much more useable it is. i can check my accounts whenever and wherever i am. it's actually quite fun to use!
efficient app for business bookkeeping. great for managing a solo business
. great app to keep your business accounting done on the go.
"is anyone home?. i give this app one star because it doesn't let you select zero stars! all i've gotten for three days is an endless loop telling me that""to use this app you need quickbooks online"". no kidding? i'd love to find some of the application problems some of you are complaining about. at least you can turn yours on!"
great app!. i'm in love with this app, too bad that the proadvisor app doesn't work as sharp (doesn't work at all).
. very helful. saves time and energy in the evening by allowing me to do all of my data inputs on the phone as they happen.
great app. love this app. it helps me so much
. is this app available for india customer?
crashes 48 times per day. app crashes over and over, saying you need to log in again for critical updates. there are no updates availability, and deleting and reinstalling the app doesn’t help. it’s frustrating because it takes 20 minutes to enter customer information, because you need to finish and hit that save button before the next crash. best to just use quickbooks in the browser, even though that isn’t perfect. four stars with no crashes.
step in the right direction. took intuit quite a while to develop this product. glad to see that they made something for the ipad. this however is still very limited as far as employees, printing check, payroll things like that. but it's a step in the right direction. keep working on it!
. i have had this app on my phone for years. i tried opening it and i was told to update the app. so i did. now it will not open. it just keeps telling me to update. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it still does not work. my business is important and this makes me very mad
error add item. ne fonctionne pas, toujours un message d'erreur quand je veux entrer un item ou une description. impossible de faire une facture avec mon mobile !
need options to customize invoices. please add more options to customize invoices. i need to add secondary contact information such as name, address and phone, along with the regular billing address. also, i would like to modify the invoice number. otherwise, this app is great for field use with my ipad+cellular. it has saved me tons of time compared with working on my laptop and quickbooks desktop.
if i didn't have to use it, i wouldn't. constant interruptions for surveys, having to log back in. nearly impossible just to use it...
. very miss leading and is nothink like the tv advert. not to easy to use and over all disappointed. having to use it because of my accountant. no impressed!!!! also no english call centre's! you can't understand the customer help line team as there english is poor. needs english call centres employing english to overcome this problem!!!!!
quickbooks online on macbook. quickbooks online is constantly crashing while i'm creating my invoices. every time i enter a line entry i have to take the extra time to save it because the program will freeze up and i will have to force quit and restart the whole invoice over again. i rate it a 1 star only because i can't rate it any lower.
. very handy for a lanscaper on the go. now i can email invoices as soon as we are finished right from my smartphone, wether i'm standing next to the customer or in the truck. makes my life easier
use it to view only. very handy to look at information. do not use it to enter information.
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
new to business and this is great. i have now completed my second year running my business and without a doubt i owe some of my success to quickbooks as i don't have an admin person it helps me manage things also creates the professional image i need. i prefer using the web platform but when i am on the go and making small purchases for clients i love to add the expenses to their invoice on my phone before i forget!
. the app is not as userfriendly as quickbooks online but it's still a great program.
. app runs extremely slowly and often won't even open. it freezes almost constantly. using a galaxy s8 phone.
mostly great!. at the moment qb's mobile won't work. some kind of trouble with company data downloading. hopefully fixed soon.. otherwise good and handy app.
not reliable. is not reliable. not a replacement for desktop app or web based qb online. different icons, different navigation, missing tools reports and features. data does not reliably import into app from accounts.
app doesn't work at all. after attempting to log in several times the app crashes every time. i cannot rely on it for work so it's useless.
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
no complaints!!!. 👍👍👍👍the first business app ever that i'm unable to find anything wrong with. my boss & i love it. it's incredible how close this app comes to the qbo full website in terms of what we're able to access and accomplish using it. leaves all competitors in the dust. keep up the good work qbo!!!
basic app. app functions are extremely limited, and i can't use qb web on any browser on ios devices (ipadipad pro 12.9iphone 7plus) as all browsers including safari, chrome and dolphin run in zoomed mode when want to enter invoice, payments, receipts and bills or even check reports and make unusable.
. quickbooks allows me to be able to manage my business while i'm at my computer, or while i'm on the road. the analytics allow me to see the highs and lows of my business and it allows me to see my biggest expenses search that i can mitigate if necessary
. really slow compared to desktop
would have given 5 stars. i love the application. i would have given five stars if it allowed entering of vendor bills. it only allows expenses to be added.
top notch. awesome! don't know what i would do without it. i guess put everything on paper lol.
. excellent app it let's me access all the vital information that i need from anywhere i have cell service.
looks excellent, just too complicated for me. i've been testing various apps that would suit my small businessfreelance needs. the app is limited which forces you to the website for certain deletions, updates etc. i also had difficulty navigating. i've since switched to freshbooks which was easy for me to figure out.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
intuit quickbooks. job invoices
. app doesn't want to update. i need to use it now not later. this is unacceptable.
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
. two favtor identification doesn't work, i can't login first time
good app. haven't had a problem with this app.
. haven't used it much yet, but just discovered you can't add time on the app. the main reason for getting this program was so employees could add time from their phone. when will this feature be available?
"send payment receipt function missing. i click ""payment"" to accept money from customer. but it don't have send payment receipt function in my android app, which this function available in browser version."
owner and operator of cool rush inc inc. this app has helped me to manage my business keep track of my account receivable keep track of my spending this is the best app i ever had
. perfect to make invoices on the road however missing important functions like sending customer 'statements.
. this app requires a password even though i chose google login. if i need a password anyway, what's the point of a google login?! quickbooks online doesn't require it. disappointed and uninstalling. i have enough accounts as it is.
love quickbooks. it's so easy and makes doing business sooooo much easier!
five stars!. has helped out tremendously when it comes to my business. it makes it so much easier to use then the paper receipt books. it helps me stay organized and keeps me updated to the second. thanks quickbooks!
great app. just started my own business and having quick books is a lifesaver. easily customized and user friendly. the app saves time since i can maintain my books on the go and my cpa sees the same thing instantly. great app for a service business
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
need price levels. this app is ok but it's been out for a while now and we still do not have pricing levels. it has been in the works according to qb for almost 2 years and we still don't have it plus i can't go back to desktop program because data will not import properly need something done asap. you raised the price but cant give us what we need!!!!
. this app is slow
love it. well i love this app. i never thought bookkeeping could be this fun and easy. thanks for making the program
. great app help me a lot with my business really easy to use on my galaxy s9 and iphone x
quick and easy. cool app if you have quickbooks already.
i is a app every body need .. back ground check one of my friend die yesterday ok lady's meet men online.
. i used to be able to pull reports (profit & loss and balance sheet). that feature seems to no longer be available on the latest app version. i don't know why they would remove such an important feature. it would be nice to run other reports as well.
. the worst customer service ever. i would give them zero.
can’t attach existing photo with ios13. with ios 13 you cannot upload an existing photo to a new expense. when you select a photo, the app freezes and there’s no button to accept the photo.
so useful.... i don't really use it like it's designed. i have 50 company trucks & 5 semi trucks to keep track of at our repair shop. this allows me to document everything. each vehicle as a customer with year & type always easy to find. each invoice acts as a repair, allows me to document every detail and track costs. luv this app! well worth the subscription fee.
. won't sync, only shows some of my invoices. am i doing something wrong or ???🤔
. brilliant app filled with bugs. trying to email invoices and get endless waiting screen. try and update contact details and it cant upload the details. sort it out or im off as im sure most others will be.
greatest app ever. i love the “capture receipt” feature. makes life a whole lot easier.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
qb. it would be 5 but i use it on several devices doesn't sync well phone app need more functilnality
. i have down loaded the app but its not working properly its frustrating
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
way too limited. i can’t even use the app to see if a bill was processed. it only allows you to view check or ach transactions and deposits. checks processed through bill pay don resigister as activity.
. gr8 app
. sucks. terrible app
can't get anything!. i use qb at home and this app does not bring up any information that is needed. very frustrating when on the go. please fix!!!
love it on the go!. qbo definitely makes life easier when i'm on site with my clients!!
. i love the ability to issue invoices and check the current payment status. bring able to photo receipts and record expenses as and when they happen is a great touch too.
quick books. your small business fiance organization and report app.do all your small business tasks from here.
does not compare to ipad version.. i am an android man all the way but very dissatisfied with quickbooks online for android. i purchased quickbooks online after seeing it on a friends ipad. i was disappointed to find that it looked nothing like my friends version. the layout on android in comparison looked very primitive and unintuitive. it does not even capture signatures like the ipad version.
changed my life. very helpful and easy to use. now i am my own accountant and i can keep close track on everything i do. i love this app!
many issues.... most of the time they come up with an update it does not work well after we update the app. they should test this updates before releasing it.
subscription errors. nothing but problems since january. i switched from the download to the app so i could do it at home and it's been nothing but problems, and not even the same ones!!! i have 2 companies, it's june, and i'm still trying to get this straightened out to input this years data.
. don't waste your time with other apps
great app. can do so much on the app. would be even better if could prepare bills in the app.
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
". i like it better then sage. seems easy enough for what i am looking for. yes it is ""online"" so you need internet connection but it makes for seemless connection between phone and computer. had a few questions and support was great and got back to me same day both times."
office portability. i can post info on the fly, keeping my books up to date, even up to the minute. my clients can get estimates instantly when asking for them. my bookkeeper can see what's going on with me right now.
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
not working on ios 13 :(. it crashes right after opening. i tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but have had no luck...
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
. it sucks scam!!! so i tried quickbooks just for hel,p i got logged out of the app and now i have to pay $400 just to restart my password other companies are free.
easypeasy. this was the first software that made perfect sense for my social media management and marketing company! i'm unclear why there are so many complaints. i have had no problems or unrealistic acceptance.
company activity and payments are not updating!. the new version does not work!!
customer service and functions. you can be completely locked out upon renewal of your subscription. it has locked me out of entering for the last six days. tech support has been pretty useless at fixing it. with all the other flaws the online program has, avoid with every thing you have. you get no back up, high incompatibility, and many accountants hate it. your emailed invoice has a habit of hitting the spam bin,it isn't even compatible with other intuit products. avoid avoid avoid
. more nicer with the update but i still can't give my customers discounts, i wish it would let me make a negative quantity or rate while making and invoice.
really convenient to use. you can use any mobile device to create invoice and doing expense! really use to use and user friendly!
great app!. i already loved qb...the app makes my business run even more efficient and allows me to pull up customers bills on the spot or estimates where they can sign. very convenient.
very useful mobile app. i don't expect my mobile version (android) to replace my desktop version. for checking customer balances, emailing invoices, and receiving payments it's a perfectly useful app. quick and easy access to invoices, customer balances, expenses, customer info, p&l and balance sheet. i'm not running or expecting more sophisticated reports from my phone! works great for what i need!
estimate layout. i like the way the app works, i have problems when i need to include a lot of info on the estimates. when i send it it leaves the first page blank and cuts of some of the info on the second page. overall great though!
check balances. i use desktop version of quick books and love it, but with this app version i just wanted to check the basic ability to check my checking account balance from my register and you can't do that. really intuit it's that the most basic reason of a checking account. please add this and more people will review this app better.
. i use quickbooks online with a scheduling program that is synced together. i am a one man company but you could never tell. thanks to quickbooks. l also have increased profits
. works well. can create invoice and estimates on the go.
hate it. i officially hate this program and will be changing to another accounting software in july. i have been using quickbooks since 2000 and used to love its simplicity but it has become time consuming and harder to use. make a mistake...can't fix it. if you are away you can' access all the feature using the app  you find a computer and log on.
great app. i love using this as i am away from the office it's so easy to use via phone or tablet
"please include timekeeping features.. this app is essentially a ""readonly"" feature of the real online experience for me. after the first couple of days orienting myself to the app, i've given up. please include timekeeping feature. thank you."
couldn't perform like we do without. great app!!!! highly recommended. tracks and categories everything with moderate input from you. great on tax day!
. banking is better and easier with the quickbooks app
loveland ohio small business owner. love quickbooks. new users starting july 2012. it has helped keep things organized and if i mess up or question, which i have, their help people are awesome in working with me to explain or even help me undo my errors. kudos to the team trainers who trained the team and kudos to the team's who are patient with us on the phone calls!!!!
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
awesome. great app for working on the road
. the easy access to my qb account has been great to keep a pulse on the business as well as getting cash expenses in before i forget about them.
crash. your latest update is crashing. it doesn't let me open the app. please fix immediately
user friendly. quickbooks has saved me so much time and stress! i have a small business and tried excel and failed miserably. but when i switched to quickbooks it took me no time to figure out it could do everything i needed and more! also the customer service is wonderful, anytime i have called for help because i'm terrible at technology they walk me through step by step without making me feel stupid. i'm so happy i switched to quickbooks!!!
. good app, but please can you add mode of payment to sale receipts and receive payment. anytime i do sale receipt on the app, it post the cash directly to undeposited fund account i created instead of bank account of cash and cash equivalent that i created... please help us fix this pls
excellent. does what it says on the tin.. excellent app. works brilliantly on the ipad, sometimes find it a little sluggish on the iphone but i put that down to the poor wifi we sometimes have and bad signal from phone operator. anyways it's so easy to use and i can produce an invoice there and then and email to the client instantly. don't know why i took so long to move from desktop to quickbooks online.
great accounting. allows me to manage everything onthego. powerful software for small and medium size business.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
. great app.
so necessary. if your an small business owner quickbooks is an essential tool that makes it all pain free. you can even invite your accountant into your books and let them get the info they need easily. great software!
. does not work its rubbish app
app crashes on ios13.0 & 13.1. i’ve just updated the app and it’s still crashing on ios13.0 and also 13.1. i have tried to make contact with the developers via the support page but it also loads to blank pages after opening chat.
. good app very good addition to qb online really convenient. no issues or problems so far and seems quite secure. simple to use
great product. please please don't stop the mobile app
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
. can't add items i used to live this app. i wished it would work when i add a item. to my invoices evertine i tap add item and choose my item to add it says error add item. it reallly stinks because i loclve using this app while i am in the road. now i habe to bring my computer and take time to find wi fi hot spots to use my computer please fix thia problem. our help me fix it
quickbooks. a simple yet versatile tool for business.
business on the run. quickbooks online with the ios app make operating a travel based business on the run simple. log invoices as you go. input estimates along the way. print and mail or email all at once at the end of the day. not to mention the helpful reports and expense management. i couldn't run my business without it.
ease of use. being able to utilize the app on mobile has made billing my customers so much easier for my transport company. editing and immediately sending invoices for quick pay is a great option as well. i've been a quickbooks user for 20 years now and will likely not stop anytime soon.
really good app. ok, at first i was reluctant to use it, but after trying it i found it really easy and simple. don't wait, use it.
. they just did a huge update and didn't change any of the items i'm having problems with. the app is useless to me with line items abbreviated. how do i know what i'm entering?
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
app. using this app is like being your own accountant. it helps keep track of your income and expenses. i highly recommend to all self employed people.
. there are many bugs and glitches. the ios version allows bank feed updates and this one doesn't!! still doesn't. still buggy.
good but too many bug with ios. after the good first impression, using daily is little bit frustrating. example: problems with input dates and items. sometime the calendar doesn't open etc.
good app. helps me keep my books up to date.
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
this app is useless on android.. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless.
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
. i just got the program so far i really like it
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
loopy. i tie to sign in and it returns me to sign in again. i even reset my password still doesn't work. it loops back ! crap
. be warned easy to subscribe almost impossible to cancel subscription has been at it for hours it seems like an undertaking of several days will try again tomorrow.
great !!. has made running my business so much easier !
not very user friendly.. not very user friendly. have to open the app twice every time i use it. it says critical updates required log out and log in to refresh. every. single. time. i . open. the. app. i’ve tried deleting and reinstalling multiple times. when entering receipts it could have a search box at the top of vendor list do you don’t have to ask to search every time.
. trial no thanks $12.99 per month, no thanks one time will be ok but not monthly
"awesome apptool. although i rate it 5 star, there's much improvement that can be made on creating ""invoices"" definitely needs more options and versatility. needs more custom ability in modifying the invoice into something fitting to each customer. overall, keep up the great work and adding new custom features."
very happy. i love this app for my business
very nice app. easy to use makes life lot easier and saves time
improve inventory management. very good software quickbook .. we are the manufacturer and we want to manage inventory of the raw material also ... when we sell a product then the raw material should be automatically deducted... otherwise very good sofware
small biz owner. i can't function without this app. perfect for the owner on wheels and phones constantly.
great software. very happy i use to use a different software but it wasn't as good as quickbooks thank you quickbooks
efficient. makes my life a lot easier i can create invoices. customers can pay their bill right in front of me what i sent them to the email. can’t get no better than that
. excellent app.
. complete waste of time app doesn't sync with the online version. the advice given by the help to delete browser history and cache doesn't work either. unreinstalling the app doesn't work.. in the long run you will end up wasting too much time on this program. be warned !! ###edit i've cleared cache, deleted app data it it still doesn't sync.. in particular it's the supplier list and transactions that are all missing
. fantastic app! so easy to use and send invoices in seconds. love it!
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
worst customer service. it’s like comcast great product but terrible customer service. i have online payroll service with them and i have been trying to merge my desktop quickbook version to online and bundle every time i call they transfer the phone to the philippine and they try to sell me the service that i already have (payroll) . it’s either they charge for full service or they irritate people.
. i use this app for 2 separate businesses. is very easy to use and track all of my finances.
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
. emailed 3 times now would be nice to get a reply as would like a refund due to canceling my subscription in the first 30day free trial but have still been charged for it. sent a email to the reply i got and since then got no reply again.
i love it!. easy to use too. great for generating invoices quickly
. great, can create invoices on phone and send on the spot
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
make my life easier. it's easy to use and let me get rid of paper work and posting the documents and receipts to the accountant every three months. happy
not enough. can’t do everything from app. they say it’s better, but it can’t be if i can’t access everything i need, makes the app pointless.
. why can't i accept payments in the app anymore?
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
. loved this app
. we do all of our estimates and invoices through qb. we love it
simply the best. simple and easy to understand and use. above all, the free technical support is out of this world. go for it, you cannot go wrong.
keeps crashing. app doesn’t work . no updates in months
best accounting software i've tried. this has got to be the most intuitive feature rich reasonably priced cloud computing package for small business i've ever seen. waaay better than myob, such a great little app.
. best thing quickbooks has ever done. this is so convenient, i use it more then the actual online. invoicing, printing, emailing.. everything you can do online is available in this app
outstanding. love it
. reasonable app, i don't ask much of it to be honest but being able to invoice onsite is nice. the feature for photographing receipts is pointless as you still have to enter all of the information anyhow, and it would be nice to be able to send a customer a statement from the app while i'm stood in front of them. i don't use the receive online payment option so i can't comment.
. great app!!!
new to business and this is great. i have now completed my second year running my business and without a doubt i owe some of my success to quickbooks as i don't have an admin person it helps me manage things also creates the professional image i need. i prefer using the web platform but when i am on the go and making small purchases for clients i love to add the expenses to their invoice on my phone before i forget!
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
love it. simple. powerful. streamlined. definitely worth it if you have qb online.
. makes life easier
crashing in ios 13. crashing in ios13 can’t even open the app .. having trouble managing my business
convenient. nice on the go app!
crashes too much, stressful. doing accounting is difficult enough. why did quickbooks create an app that crashes and creates frustration then?!
superb. this accounting system and the app have saved me so much time over the last six months. i used to dread calculating the vat return and catchup my up on the books but i am up to date daily with very little effort. well worth the money!
great for handyman businesses. qb is great for me! i run a handyman business and my office is at my clients place or in my truck. i can sent estimatesinvoices while i am on site. it so nice because i use my tablet or phone when i’m on the road and when i’m home i can use qb on my computer and everything is automatically updated
quickbooks. great app. excellent business account program to run my business from my iphone.
perfect for my small business. i am a wedding photographer and quickbooks online is the best way for me to keep track of my expensesrentals and write up a quick invoice or estimate while i am on the road. i absolutely love how user friendly it is. as long as i have my smart phone i can work from anywhere.
do not update to ios 13. if you rely on the app, don’t update to ios 13 until they make it compatible. it crashes on startup after face id.
ios 13. crashing please update
reduced feature set. previous version:the feature set of the web based app is not matched. (previous mentioned currency and time records). update: removed a lot of preexisting functionality and did not add any missing functions. much worse than before. cannot find a list of invoices due to a supplier. clicking on a particular supplier brings up only the address particulars.
gets the job done. very helpful app. works well. no issues that i have experienced.
overdue but great! gorgeous!. this app is way, way overdue, but at least they got it right the first time around. no it doesn't do everything the website does, but nailed, adding buttons (functionality) is the easy part. it's definitely one of the best looking apps on my ipad.
microsoft files. no sending microsoft files as a attachment. i don't understand why there is a difference. come on guys make this a convent program fo us users,
exactly what i need. the app combined with the online system does exactly what i need it to do. i can invoice clients as soon as i've left their premises, no more trying to keep a record and doing the paperwork later. invoice matching and bank data feeds make reconciliation so easy. this has reduced the amount of time i spend on my accounts significantly. goodbye sage, hello qb online. happy customer.
. great app for small business works wonders for me
awesome. this app is perfect
love it!. so simple to use… i absolutely love this app!
emailing payment receipt. via the phone app when i email a payment receipt it opens my email app with texts as opposed to sending the pdf payment receipt as it use to do prior to the last 3 updates. this was confirmed by one of the staff from intuit.
not worth it. just a trial...................
awesome. amazing app perfect
j'adore!!!. tout simplement super! l'application est facile à utiliser. très pratique de pouvoir faire des factures directement chez nos clients et pouvoir leur envoyer par courriel en direct!
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
efficient. this app makes my life easier. has all the features i need to keep my business running smoothly.
happy. so far so good, but needed my accountant to help me make head n tails of it. i'm a worrier and was concerned about the financial side of my business. now i'm happy. taken the stress away.
qb pro advisor loves it!. i'm a pro advisor and love this app! all my business management clients, including entertainers and producers love it as well!
"amazing for my business. i wouldn't know where i would be running my own business without this app. it truly gives an ""on the go"" experience and aided with other tools i can work anywhere in the world. thanks quickbooks!!"
. works well. user friendly.
needs work. this app has a lot of functionality, but lacks consistancy with the web version. as it is today, i can't send an invoice from this app which looks the same as i send from the web version. if what the customer sees becomes consistant i could give more stars.
really good program. keep up the good work
junk update = worthless app. since the latest update, my qb app shows an error saying that my session has expired immediately after i log in. i can't use it at all. pc access is okay.
everything i need right from my phone. so handy to be able to do estimates, invoices, and record my expenses right from my phone! will save a lot of time with bookkeeping as now i can enter everything on the go.
loving it. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
. so easy to use, i have a specialty coffee roasting business, this accounting program is so easy to understand from day 1.
wow.... what an amazing product now all we need is timing inside the app for us people who bill by the hour or half.
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
useless!. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. mobile apps for ios and android sucks big time!
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
. great app!
no gst only take !!!!!. why is this an option the the web based but not the app. makes the app useless!!!!!!!!!
excellent product. great for sending estimates and invoices on the go. everything i need to see right at my fingertips and very user friendly.
excellent app. moved from xero to qbo and couldn't be happier
. why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless.
1 step forward  2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to redownload all the info. hurry up and wait
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
need ipad update. the ipad app should be as capable as the desktop version. when are we going to see this? iphone app is pretty stout but the ipad app needs update and soon.
good for on the road. let's me add invoices and expenses while away from the office, works well.
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
disaster to sign out. i happened to see this app and found it is interesting to scan invoices but turns to be that i have to be a “company” to use it and have to pay so much for it! so expensive!!!!!!
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
good app. nice to have this access on the go. works fine for reviewing status and basic functions.
a poor mobile companion to qbo. there are so many things wrong with this app. for example, expenses have a note field that doesn't show notes entered in qbo (web). the length of the expense category field is so short that i can't distinguish among categories, especially nested ones. the app generally lacks the functionality it would need to make it a truly useful companion to qbo.
good except.... you can't *properly* enter expenses in the app. expenses cannot be linked to the costs you've already set up, like price per mile for travel, but instead only entered as final price.
small business owner. absolutely awful. i was forced to switch to online because of a fatal error of the desktop version on mac seirra. there are so many bugs and things that aren't available on online that were on the desktop. i literally call support for 2hrs a day.
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
. the app is good. they can still work on some parts to make user experience better.
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
sooooooo easy. each update gets better and better, making bookkeeping easier and easier.
. easy to use onthego as my business is mobile. able to navigate with minimal fuss.
. awesome app
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
love it, but. i love the app, but different devices have different functions. some things i have to do on the laptop. the internet version will crash and i have to reload it. not sure if its my internet connection or not. it is helping me get more organized and ready for 041516, ugh!
amazing. it is a great app. so powerful i can do my full estimate and invoice and the best feature entering in my receipts for expenses and it's so easy!
the app used to work?. why do companies change apps from functional to crash is beyond me?
useless out in the field can't work off line. useless out in the field can't work off line and constantly wants you to refresh data. does not support star portable printers. waist of space on cell phone gave it a second try useless creating a invoice have to use search window to find items. had to go use desktop instead of my ipad pro because would of took all night to do a invoice.
quick books app. have been using quick books app for my business for a few months now, and i am very impressed with the package, as it's great value for money. i enjoy being able to use the app on my phone as it offer all the services that i need to be able to quickly raise and send invoices and pull up important info.
". i laughed at one of the quickbooks employees response to the app being slow... they said their goal is to make it as convenient as the qbo app... lol lol bad comparison. online version is tragically slow, short of (what should be) obvious capabilities, even some quickbooks older versions have had for years. and, when challenged, their tech support essentially says ""we are quickbooks if you don't do it our way or using our workaround then you must be doing it wrong"""
. worthless, the accounting app never worked. it kept kicking me out.
quickbooks renew account??. renewed my subscription for a year and i'm still locked out, every time i log in it keeps telling me to subscribe for 1 month i tried to go that way and it asked if i wanted to change my current year subscription? makes no sense.. wish some (tech support or program owner) fixes it i'm about to cancel it all..... wy small business owner
". expensive, not user friendly, cannot send invoices from mobile app and support not able to solve the problem?????? update: the problem was being ""dealt with"" since 4 weeks before my rating. then a few more weeks later it mysteriously became resolved. now the announced g suite integration... where is it? i'm in the uk?"
electrician. most important tool of my business.
useless. invoices won't save please fix
. good app !
easy for newbie. started out with the desktop version of qb and migrated to the qbo platform. so much better for me and easy to use now. i can send a quote from my phone and then invoice once the job is complete which for a lazy guy like me keeps me on tasks done billing times quicker. highly recommended
pedro valdes,ea. very good for accountant, and clients. less time for both.
. great app. highly recommend.
. great app, works well with the desktop and online versions. great to have my financial info at my fingertips when i need it.
. best accounting software! worst customer service ever!!!! hold times are hours & when you finally get a person, which is a miracle, they get offended if your upset & will hang up on you!they do not want to help you, just keep you trapped in their maze paying that monthly (rediculous) price! all they want is your money! & will hold your important business info & data entered as ransome. *horrible business practice*
shoameli. very good for my company on the go i have all i need maybe a catalog will be even better!
great. helps me track all of my business needs from estimates and invoicing to financing. great app!
. app is ok but the login process is cumbersome. i should be able to access the app with my thumb print every time.
. great app, works good
. tried to use it to review transactions, banking section is permanently glitched and won't load transactions or activity.
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
. workz great....but shud have more options in the android app, wud be really nice to see inventory levels right on a phone app. 5 stars when it does.
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
almost there!!. please, please, please qb🙏🏼 you're a few key functions away from making this app the mobile office.
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
doesn't start. after asking credentials it says that problem occurred and reverts back to signing in. it doesn't say that either user or pass incorrect  simply says error and suggests to send message.
experience getting worse. entering transaction requires way too many taps. it isn’t location aware to suggest transactions you just always search. recent updates have some bug that makes the app download the data file with almost every login and login often you must. usually twice a week it loses my password. i have enjoyed quickbooks online but this app experience may have me evaluating competitors in december.
fantastic app. love love love this app. so easy to use, a must for any small business
. almost 2 weeks now the app has not been working. the dashboard is just totally blank. im having to take a toptop to work and tether off my phone.
great. great app easy to use and all but needs a mileage tracker logbook like the quickbooks self employed has
not overly user friendly. no payroll on mobile, ipad or online site via ipad which is very disappointing and not at all helpful in onsite situations. update to include payroll in these instances would be great but fairly useful tool otherwise
30 day trial. $13month after the thirty day trial
. doesn't have my back in its list, so it's useless. i've cancelled my subscription. when i contacted support, they were obsessed with my subscription, rather than the actual issue.
the best invoice app. very simple to use and helps a lot! i recomend
please make it work with desk top. great app wish it worked with the desk top version
. for the entrepreneur on the go, this app is fantastic. i post my expenses with photos of receipts and create invoices from the car! terrific.
". you broke the app!!! can't attach pdfs to invoices anymore!!! it litteraly worked yesterday, and today a ""new"" interface. make a deal with adobe and fix it now!!! update no your solution doesn't help. i already new i could do this on the desktop version. app is still broken and your proposed solution is just as useless as you have rendered your app. fix it"
. used to be good but no more. cant update app for my account. out of date and wont sync. would not recommend this software now.....stay away!
. keeps crashing! i can't even get the app to start up to the log in screen most of the time.
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
love this!. they just ended the ability to enter expenses on the road! now it's even better than before. :) the only other feature that would be good would be the ability to enter time on a job or with a client.
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
. great but i would like to be able to customise the quote and invoice templates and a bit disappointed that the mileage tracking is not part of this its a different app with it's own cost otherwise great
. it was introduced by friend. i want to purchase and before that i want to have trial. i couldn't find inventory management there, there is no purchase entry. without entering purchase how can run a trading business?.
great accounting software. perfect for small business owners with less knowledge of the accounting world. very user friendly.
update broke. i cannot accept transactions. the only things accessible on the baking screens are back and trash. please fix otherwise it’s useless.
. i'm very disappointed with this app. plus i'm trying to cancel the service but i don't see were to unsubscribe. 😡
not happy. this application is cheap at first, but then the price rises, now i'm paying like 30 a month, that's a lot, i found applications that are completely free.
. good for applying customer payments when they are received and creating invoices on the go at the time services are provided.
great tool for those on the go!. while there is a lot of functionality missing that would make this app even more convenient, what it does offer is a tremendous help while on the go. from creating invoices to recording expenses to seeing your p&l and balance sheet, this app is a great tool and extremely easy to use!
terrible. i have had nothing but issues. last financial year it worked fine now it attached to my bank account it’s shocking. press accept for payments and expenses do the full month, i then go to profit and loss and shows no where near what i put in. 4 hours of my life i won’t get back i give up and cancelling my subs
essential. great for ontheroad expense tracking.
. won't update....
cool...fun and smart. nothing but good to say about this app in my opinon
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
love the app. honestly this is the best app around, does it all with ease. i run my whole business through this app off my phone and tablet. never once had a problem.
works when you're on the go!. easy app navigation. easy to create, send,invoices.
update won't open. i love quickbooks. as a small business owner, it is invaluable. however, this update will not open on my iphone (ios 9.3.5). i have tried restarting my phone and reinstalling this app. and it still won't open. this is a significant problem for me. hopefully it is sorted out soon.
. they said in your invoice that you can cancel anytime and it's not true! it has a glitch and i couldn't cancel it. make me lost two days trying to cancel it and then even charge me the month and did not give back my money. they went from 17 dollars a month to 40 dollars per month! don't never quickbooks
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
. the app is a wonderful accompaniment to the software which makes tracking expenses and invoices really easy
. this app is rubbish. it doesn't do the single thing you'd think was necessary using phone camera to take photo of receipt to attach to transaction.
great software. thanks
. banking is better and easier with the quickbooks app
crashes every time. i used to like this app, but now it crashes every time. i cannot use it at all. galaxy s7 edge. support has not responded to my messages. nor my crash message notifications (and there have been plenty)
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
best app ever. love quickbooks online.... easiest way to keep all my accounts and expenses in order.
great and very useful. don't leave home without it
absolute magic. this app is brilliant it has made my account keeping so much easter and better, i'm not loosing bits of paper everywhere and find it much simpler to keep on top of everything (i think me using this has made my accountant much happier too as it has reduced his work load)
no invoices. not very useful.
great app. this does everything i need it to do!
useless. paid for the app a few days ago never used it and now they are saying i can't get my money back! maybe if i had had it for half a month then i could understand but not just a few days!!! i never had a user id because i never used or even opened the app!!!
expensebill data missing in app. expense and bill data is not available in the iphone app while accessible online. what is the meaning of the app when i can't see any of my vendor bills or company expenses. development team???
excellent app for small business. been using this app for 2 years and we have no complaints. most efficient app for operating a small business. a+
. this is by far the best accounting apps i have ever used on all of my devices. freaking awesome!
. very handy
app crashes. everything was great until one day the app crashed. now crashes every time i open it. reinstalled and same issue. help????
crashes. a lot.. new upgrade crashes. a lot. allowed me on just long enough to click 'leave a review'. then crashed. again.
. great accounting for reasonable price... fairly user friendly
very good for any kind of business!. quickbooks is great app for managing the everyday finances. it's very fast to send invoices, with this app all income and expenses are simple and quick.
app crashes. the app crashes immediately when i try to open it. i haven’t been able to use the app for a few months now which is quite disappointing considering i pay for its services.
can’t bill my time from mobile. overall it’s a good app. my only complaint is that i can’t report my billable time using the apps. they have a nice integration on qb online with google calendar, it would be nice if they also add that to the mobile app. at minimum you should be able to report time to a project in the mobile app.
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
. this app is horrible. why make something so bad? it needs a complete overhaul. i can't email receipts to an inbox, income transactions don't show gst amount like expenses, i can't view pdf receipts. it's just all round ugly and cumbersome and i've only used it for five minutes. i thought the xero app was bad but it's 5 stars compared to this trash. deleted.
awesome app. awesome app very convenient use it on a daily basis.
needs a lot of improvement. missing a lot of features and information available with the web browser connection. can't see vendor history. can't sort how inboxes etc are listed. a few other issues. freezes often. in the middle of invoice entry, the system bounced me out for some reason, while not saving the work i had entered to date. did that twice. before i closed out and went to pc web connection. i love the possibility this app offers, development need to fix and enhance
great. great app. love all the online offerings!
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk please tell me who to email in response qb
"immediate session time out. immediately logs me out due to ""session time out"", rendering the app completely useless. 😒"
. error everytime i log in, and requires password so often. edit: the log in is working, but when i try to add an expense it doesn't save, the same button doesn't work
. signed on to the mobile app but it will not pull up the data for my business. keeps saying that there is a technical issue. have tried many times. no luck.
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes.
. didn't login in for a couple weeks, and they removed all of my account data. worthless.
best accounting software. best investment made so far on quickbooks and the app just excels... this is really awesome :)
so much better than sage one!. can you compare two apps and have one be easier to use and more powerful? yes.
great! but it could be a tad bit better. the app is great and works perfectly fine. just needs to somewhat mirror the desktop view. only use it when i have to or can't get to a computer and all the visuals from desktop view are what catch me. easy to ready everything, maneuver around and get to what i want. app is half that, but other than that, i like it
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2017 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays last years (2016) scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. just another step to my day to day book keeping tasks...
. great app
. i have been using this app for a year now, it helps me keep up with all my recipts and invocies for my cleaning business.
very weak. i have been a quickbooks user for years but the app is just weak. employee transactions are not possible and reports are minimal. i consider these critical aspects of good accounting software and they almost do not exist in the app. i don’t need an app to write an invoice or figure out that someone owes me money. however, keeping track of my reporting to the government and paying employees is critical and these do not exist in the app.
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
perfect for my small business. i am a wedding photographer and quickbooks online is the best way for me to keep track of my expensesrentals and write up a quick invoice or estimate while i am on the road. i absolutely love how user friendly it is. as long as i have my smart phone i can work from anywhere.
. easier to send invoices via the app than it is on the computer. only flaw is i can't enter a negative number for discounts but that could just be my phone and not the app. overall i highly recommend it for anyone.
. seamless
. i love the idea and most of the time it's great. i have a few things i'd like to have sorted. one the cache seems to not be accurate, sometimes i see recent transactions and sometimes i don't see any in the phone. two i think you should have a start page you can select in prefs so it opens in say customers. three finger print recognition, if banks can do it..... other than that it's great.
. the app won't let me sign in. i've even reset the password and uninstalled the app and tried again, but i keep getting password error.
must have!. absolutely vital to my daily business. clients are impressed when i produce an invoice on the spot and process their credit cards before i leave the job site.
. been using quick books for my small business for years makes accounting & finances really simple.
easy to use and great for tracking transactions. navigation is straightforward and the software updates quickly
". ""get paid faster"" is a lie. it is intuit policy to hold funds for 6 days for your first credit card transaction and, at their discretion, any transaction after that."
great app. haven't had any issues. has helped me run my business from the road!
broken after update. not updating customer data, crashing, please fix it, i have a business to run!
crashes when downloading. crashes when downloading after initial setup. have not been able to use app. disappointing.
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone. my only gripe with the app and it's operations is that not all of my customer emails that are sent are being received by my customers. i have highlighted this to quickbooks and they were extremely unhelpful in assisting with rectifying this matter, which i found extremely disappointed given this is a paid subscription service, and not a free service.
great app. easy easy for an accounting knucklehead like me. just give my acct the password for taxes and keep going. love it
business smooth. great app. keeps my business organized and in my hand.
quickbooks is quirky. i am not a fan because they just don't embrace mac users. the app is not reliably working.
decent. not as full featured as website
flawless. first app that i've used that really hasn't had any problems at all. i do most on my computer but this is nice to have in case you're in a jam
makes it easy. so glad i decided to go with quickbooks, update daily to keep track of expenses and sales. fantastic for my business.
. easy to use app with handy creation of invoice any time ,anyplace you are
where are the invoices??. what is the point of an accounting app that does not show supplier invoices? dreadful. support was as helpful as a chocolate teapot too ...
". i have got a problem to add my bank details. the website doesn't work, after i chose ""i agree"" (under my bank description of using). please sort it out asap."
. best accounting app ever
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
. having trouble switching the email account i want to use with this app. it keeps defaulting to my phone email.
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
. i have called customer support twice now. each time, i am greeted by an overly friendly person who barely speaks a word of english. either time was the agent able to even understand what i am asking for. they could offer no help, they would not transfer me to someone else. i am left all alone here trying to navigate a program and run a business. i have no idea how to get any help from these people. thank goodness for youtube!
. nice app
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
. great software. easy to use!
. just unistalled and reinstalled the app hopefully it is going to work. after doing over 70 invoices it stopped working dashboard showed blank 😕
. love the fact that i can review transactions from anywhere.
crashes. crashes immediately after i open the application. update was recently done and now i can't use it.
amazing. all i can say is i used quick books desktop version older version, the online is amazing and the availability of this app and the notifications keeps me up to date on every aspect of my businesses
perfect. i migrated over from the computer version and so far it's awesome. i went out and bought a verizon tablet to make my billing easier in the field. i now can do everything before i walk out of the customers house, the days of going to the truck to write up a invoice are over!!!
progress billing & payroll. those two items alone differentiate this on line accounting software from all the others. their tech support is always helpful. progress billing is done through projects, it’s getting better, the use ability is getting better. this also allows project costing. 
nice app!. i live on my device  from research to book keeping. elegant style and useful! i can do almost everything from my note 2! light years beyond the old quick books that i used 10 years ago! i'm sending invoices in minutes. awesome! update: still a great app on my nexus 6!
credit card interface is awesome. i know all apps aren't perfect, but this one does everything i need. i'm so happy when i can set up a new client, invoice and receive payment immediately! this has really improved my cash flow!
needs features. app seems to get bug fixes but vary rarely does it get new features. as a mobile professional i would like to have the same features in the app as on the computer. currently investigating other more powerful mobile options vs quick books update: can't even enter expenses with the app only a pc! in the usa they can enter expenses with the app.... wish i could deduct an extra star just for that.
love it. so easy to use and fantastic customer support for those of us who are not good at this kind of thing, would highly recommend quickbooks for all small businesses, we love that being online we can have it on all our devices and have what ever we need on hand all the time, no more leaving quotes at home! invoicing on the run is great too.
ios 11 not ready? lot of bugs and crashes. every time i’m make a new invoice it crashes and take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
unusable. doesn’t connect to my account.. every time i try to login it says there is no company associated with my account. it works fine through a mobile browser or desktop browser. the app is completely unusable, how convenient. tech support says there is a glitch...you don’t say.
". the app failed to associate my quickbooks online account with the app at login. ""it seems like you have an account with intuit but no quickbooks online company associated with : my@email would you like to create a company?"" additionally, when trying to troubleshoot this issue, i was given the run around through all services... from faqs, to online support, to calling directly. issue still unresolved."
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
offline mode. i wish i could enter transactions without an internet connection. then they would synch after the device reconnects.
good but could be better. many features that are online, you cannot use in the app. even the online version is limited.
no more receipts in my pocket. shoot the receipt and record the transaction, now even more quickly with touchid
great. perfect app for my business accounts on d go
wow. great app
". getting this message last 3 days. ""there was a problem syncing your data. wait a few minutes and try again"". please fix this"
access. this app is great. it is so nice to be out in the field looking at a project and make an estimate right then and there while things are fresh in your mind. not to mention for the quick service call we are able to make our invoice right there and present it when we are complete with the work. aloha po'okela lawn service kailua, hawaii
great app. it's great to manage a small business.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
. not good at updating itself
. there is a error when trying to add item, i have sent message to support with no reply, as well as requested input from the community. i guess you can't ask for much help with such small fees per month.
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
should of bought it ages ago. such an easy to use app and system, back up support were quick precise and friendly. well done quick books
just started. i just started my business and only had a few transactions. when i downloaded qb online it was simple and everything reconciled perfectly. it's easier then the old software too which i am use to using.
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
terrible, embarrassing. after purchasing and downloading the app, it worked fine on day 1. tried to open it and show it off...it would not open. the next day, i gave it another chance. i successfully created an invoice template and then tried to edit a service. the app then froze. i will obtain a full refund and never give this another look.
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
best business app. very quick, no bugs or errors. love it!!!
could be great. this app takes care of basic needs but it could be amazing. i'm unsure of why intuit chose to cut the corners it did. examples: there is no check option in the + there is no bank deposit option in the + tapping my bank acct on the home page takes me to my chart of accounts. huh? there needs to be some polishing.
fee increase is a bad deal. fees increased but same services rendered. otherwise it’s a decent app. i’m disappointed that they get people to invest all there invoices and history in app and program then up the fees in them nearly double. can’t trust a company that does that to ya.
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
not bad. app is good. qb online is lacking.
. not very user friendly. can't enter data easily. the point to download the app was to have an easy access to my account when i am out working or if i have walkups. i will be able to easily send out an invoice or charge a credit card.
. they said in your invoice that you can cancel anytime and it's not true! it has a glitch and i couldn't cancel it. make me lost two days trying to cancel it and then even charge me the month and did not give back my money. they went from 17 dollars a month to 40 dollars per month! don't never quickbooks
. awesome app
crashes. it crashes upon opening on iphone 4s now
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
good. excellent app. some very slight issues with layout and the occasional page that can't be used on ipad. but overall good. would recommend to others
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
this app rocks!.
great app. works exactly as it should
great. works great, love the app
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
now works with ios13. just updated ios 13 app appears to be working on ios13.
. i am downloading this app but downloading is very slow. happening only with this app.
beautiful, so simple.. really great app.
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 2 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank, calculate the vat! the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
. love the invoicing on the go. it makes my customers happy.
helpful. while not a fully functioning mobile version of qbo, this app is great for checking up on things.
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
great app. excellent app, does exactly what i need with no fuss
. ease of use. ability to send professional estimatesinvoices from anywhere. the ability to load price list makes creating estimates and invoices easy.
quickbooks online app needs lots of work still. the basic problem is it’s way too slow no matter where i am. usually end up just going through the internet. they are always changing things !😡
awesome!. this is app is like a holy grail! ‼️🙌🏾 it works really well with my iphone too💙💙
president. i’ve used quick books on line for a couple years now and i highly recommend it to every one i e spooked to. i’m on the road a lot and sometimes travel. any were i go i have a virtual office. i don’t have to skip a beat with the mobil app or the web based qb. just need to work i’m been able to submit statements from the app.
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
quickbooks rocks. this is the next level stuff our parents could only dream of having at their disposal. this program rocks!
. good app for accounting
great. great app!!
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2017 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays last years (2016) scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. just another step to my day to day book keeping tasks...
qbo. quick books online is a great app. the ability to have access to business data at all times is not only critical but essential for any business.
i would not recommend. 1. very very very expensive 2. not intuitive and not user friendly 3. no local support or live support from malaysia
. great accounting software....would give a five if it would include job costing
pretty good. app is pretty good for on the fly.
quick rip for me.. i find this app so frustrating and difficult. i have had it for nearly a year, paying for the services i can't even use. i have been trying to cancel it but there seem to be no option on the app. the website is asking me to trial the whole thing again. i can't even call and talk to a person. hhhhelp. i need to cancel.
again. after running smoothly for couple months, again a problem! now whenever i try to work from customers tab, it crashes....
great app. love this app. it makes running my business easier.
. excellent app. crazy versatile. love that they supply a basic reader free of charge. lots of ways to accept payment. input expenses so you can write them off for taxes. nice. stoked to use it.
love it. works hand in hand with my computer program
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
accounting on mobile. great set of features. like the expense tracker. wish it had a mileage tracker within. otherwise 5 stars.
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
. good accounting sofware, horrible on intuitively usage. just try and make an estimate or invoice online with an android tablet or phone and you will experience what i am talking about, it is very lacking the ease of usage, also lacking on choices when you select services, clients, and want to make a quarry forget about it! for accounting it works but, to simple for customer management.
nothing adds up. when you run a business you want your numbers correct. i don't have time to troubleshoot why your software can't add a simple paypal balance and leaves transactions out. your fired!
needs some work. this app is good but needs more work. error message kept popping up while working in it. some tasks are missing like entering bills. can't find sign out button or switch to a different company.
. i'm a small business and growing this app has been a god send
for the money this app is terrible. this app does not seem to sync in real time. for example an invoice setup on online quickbooks does not show here. even the customer that was added online. for a large company making millions of dollars on these products it is not only unacceptable but it is also fundamentally wrong
. great app a bit overwhelming at first with all the features.
. awful app...one of the main reasons for converting to online from desktop was 'receipts on the go'. it's a joke...most of chart of accounts is missing and so are the bank accounts i'm using for transactions! so entering and recording receipts on the go is impossible. if this is important for you, use xero!!
most impressive business app i've used in a long time. i use qb online everyday and usually there is some functionality degradation from desktop to mobile. i have yet to find any crippling loss of functionality with this app. if you love the new qb online this app goes hand in hand with your onthego accounting needs. highly recommended.
. app never up to date with website or it does not show you everything you can see online. sometimes you can't even see anyone's invoices or estimates. always an issue.
. handy to create invoices on the spot and email to clients.
learning curve and then it's awesome.. takes some getting used to but i've now got it and it's actually very useful and easy to use. integration between my pc and iphone make it easy on the go and sitting at home. estimates, invoices & expenses all in one app.
simple to use on the go.. really liking how simple it is to use & track things.
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
. best business app
. great app for small businesses...needs some improvements in some areas
great app, easy to use. love being able to manage my business on the go. could use more features, but it's still a great app and quickbooks is always updating it. :)
handy. the mobile app is very convenient for entering expenses on the go. you can add photos of receipts and create new customers and suppliers easily. profit & loss and balance sheet function gives you a quick snapshot of your business. overall, the app is quite handy to use for small businesses.
cancelled subscription. cancelled subscription without any explanation
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
. great app!
the android app is so diffrent than the ios app.. ios app has the functionality to select multiple items too an estimateorder with the multi select feature. this is missing in android. also before the update, the send comand asked the way we wanted to send the invoice and we can select email, fax application. but with the update it only send with the quickbooks email. cant send by fax anymore. please provide the share option on invoice and estimates atleast.
very good. it should be able to synchronize with quickbooks desk top.the online version on the pc sucks!!!! not user friendly,and very limeted,
. great app!
. love this app!!! it makes business easy!
. great easy app the only thing i wish i could do what's have the ability to have a customer pay immediately but maybe it does and i just don't know how to use it yet.
qb app is useless. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either.
. doesn't work with asus android 7.0. i received a reply from quickbooks about this review but i never received a reply from the phone call that i did. they said that they will contact me in 48 hours, this was more than a week ago. i send an email today to the email that they gave me today, let see how long they will reply me with some kind of solution. i will keep this post actualized.
. it's a great app. i use it all the time with my company. very efficient, and easy to navigate. automatically logs out so no one else can get access to it ( logs out after being in active for a certain amount of time). making banking, estimate invoice, and employees records very easy to keep track of. also love that i can store customers an accept payment online also. only downside sometimes it can be slow but other than that it's outstanding
amazing app. i love this app makes everything easier for me and faster. this app is amazing i just love it!
now 5 stars. love it! have to have it! it made my life so much easier.
. love being able to work in quickbooks from my phone! one of the best features is being able to take a picture of your receipt and attach it to your expenses right from your phone. makes your bookkeeping incredibly easy! wonderful customer service, love the payroll, too many good things to say about this app.!
very disappointed. i've been using quickbooks in desktop version for over 10 years and i decided to try quickbooks online based in the reviews, but i got very disappointed because my first issue was that there is no invoice customizing and still needs a lot of features that i need for my landscaping business and i swiched to xero which is much better for my needs.
great app for accounting on the go!. i don't know why people are disappointed in this app it's an app, not an entire accounting software. plus it's free! i love this app. i can create, manage & send invoices on the go. that's all i need to do. it has a simple interface. kudos to qb.
love the software. understanding that all software are more friendly on the actual computer than in the cell app, even though, the cell app is very helpful for invoices, estimates, reminders for payments “on the go” just to mention a couple of them. being an 8 years user from checkmark multiledger and payroll and making the transition to quickbooks is just a huge step forward and very efficient for my firm.
doesn't work. app crashes on load and while logging in. pretty useless so far. :(
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
great app. yet again another update and even more glitches, you charge a fortune and cannot provide a decent service  i’m considering switching to a competitor as you have breached the contract that you have with me. this needs fixing urgently and you need to refund subscription fees! my advice to businesses and the selfemployed is do not use quickbooks!
. quick books is a good app to manage your business.
. great app and very simple to use.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
. good app.
". i appreciate this app and it's helpfulness, but i really wish it had customizable ""favorites"" to make your selections from to make the entry easier and more streamlined"
. does what it says. great for invoicing on the move and tracking payments due
quickbooks. this app is a good solution for working on the go. it's a work in progress, but so far it is moving in the right direction. i'm glad to have access to this program on mobile devices.
awesome program. i am so pleased, quickbooks is so convenient, easy and fun to use with many options that other programs don't have.
quick books app. it works as good as my computers program! i can do the work i need to right from my phone!
powerful mobile app!. love this app and use it all the time while on the go.
. intuit sucks! scamming company ran by non english speaking reps. bought simple start 2007 for 125.00 with online access ,etc. in 2010 they ended all support for this software. that is shady. they promise you all these free services and then years later a foreigner informs you that all support has ended. to better serve there newer products. they suck.
stopped working after the update. this was working great until the software update last week. now i end up creating multiple copies of invoices and estimates and the app just freezes on the saving screen. i can only finish off by logging in through a web browser and completing the task. please fix this fast intuit!
. can't create an account. fails every time. can't update due to server failure. no support available either.
love it!!. my only reservation to giving it a five star is that i can't go between invoice formats on my mobile device. i would also say to the developers, keep working with it. it keeps getting better. thanks
. je n'arrive pas à le télécharger!! fini jamais ...... :(
. love how easy it is to reconcile and snap pics of receipts!
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
. love this app. makes tax time so much easier. couldn't be much happier.
good product for on the go bookkeeping.. i have more than a few clients i do bookkeeping for. this apple ap does a good job of keeping up with their books. the bank feed is by far better than the desktop version and it can be done on my iphone. i moved my company books from the desktop to qbo so i can invoice on the go instead of waiting to get back to my office.
pretty basic and useless. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
best app i've used!. i started my small business with quickbooks and i was able todo everything in one application! from sale receipts, expenses, lodging gst and more. i would highly recommend quickbooks to all business owners
. this app is honestly magnificent. it helps me balance my checkbook. helps me track expenses and send invoices. it's honestly a must.
. difficult to use. much different than the desktop version. i only use it if i am desperate. cant even find existing transactions or quotes .
new update has me locked out. automatic update to my software today. now i can access my account. fix it now! i am paying way too much to not be able to access my account!
messrs. great app, makes life for an accountant easy
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
. doesn't have any of the essential functions.
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
needs work. i love the functionality of it but i wish it would integrate paypal for the option on invoicing. my customers all use paypal & im double sending because there is not a paypal button on this invoice program!
projectivity. great app for my consulting business. once you enter your data quick books can show you a picture of what your business looks like; where your money is coming in by customer. instantly produces reports, reminds you if you have invoices overdue and can be linked to your bank. what more would a small business want? i love this bookkeeping program. :)
. mediocre app.
quick books great program. except logging in is bit harder and not clear.
. very efficient and in depth of a record of labor expenses and profit
. a great program for anyone with their own business. its a small price to pay to be able to stay organized and keep your business on track. rated 4 stars because their is still a couple of stiff areas that need improvement but could be that i dont completely understand the program in those areas.
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
app. best account app
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, dient handel banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
great app. easy to use and very intuitive...
critical simple feature still missing  for years!. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
. exceptional customer service all selfexplanatory perfect for my small business
. doesn't work for the last few months on any of my devices. called many times support and they said they are aware of the problem and they are working on it. this is insane!!! i'm paying every month to get the online version and it doesn't even let me sign in. it shouldn't take month to fix such a problem.
. crashed out. would not set even up account. lame. uninstalled.
top notch. this app works great, easy to use after i played around with it for a bit. very convenient and quick to use.
everything worked great until last update.. can't save invoices. have to login every time using password. payments don't apply to the invoices just to name a few. wish i hadn't updated.
estimates on the go. ehh
. good app
. this app works amazing for my cleaning business! couldnt live without it, and it saves me a lot of money instead of paying an accountant
great program!. super convenient and easy to use.
cannot find anything useful in the app. how do i display a report of unpaid bills? far too limited to be of any use.
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
excellent product. great for sending estimates and invoices on the go. everything i need to see right at my fingertips and very user friendly.
all of my clients love it!. the ease of use is fantastic. i love that i can quickly load multiple accounts. the qbo app makes my job so much easier because my clients love tracking expenses and sending invoices on the go!
loved it. its very useful app to track expenses and invoice.
cbcllc. love it just need to add a little more of access on ipad and mobile device. love to have a check signature
great app. since the last update everything seems great. if an option to maintain inventory is added then this app will be perfect for anyone.
. doesn't work on my dell tablet. called customer support in january and they said software glitch should be fixed in two weeks. it's been two months and still not working!
great app. very user friendly. easy to edit and add customers.
bmb. i cannot connect with my canadian credit union. have been using app for several months now. it is both good and bad. i love that i can take my work with me to record with my ipad, but would like to be able to transfer transactions from quickbooks online to quickbooks pro 2014.
it's good enough. this a good app helps out when in the road.
. app never up to date with website or it does not show you everything you can see online. sometimes you can't even see anyone's invoices or estimates. always an issue.
i love this app. small business owners dream, easy to use, inexpensive, web based....awesome on the go
. great app does everything you need it to do on the go. perfect!
david. brilliant i would highly recommend to anyone 10 out of 10. certainly made my life and running my small business easier. well done and many thanks quickbooks
love tracking expenses.. being able to expenses right at the gas pump just makes sense. taking photos of receipts just makes things easier i wish i would've left the desktop app a while ago.
lies. says free, makes you sign up for an account saying try it free, and then says you don't have a subscription and closes. bullshit app. deleted.
worth the buy!!!!. quickbooks mobile has made estimates and invoicing so much easier! definitely with the buy for any small business!
horrible app!!!. online service seems to work good but use my phone a lot on the go!!! can't do any billing from app anymore!!! really hurting disappointed!!!! who do you talk to about this!!!! i give the app no stars
. as a new user, very user friendly, tools are available it just takes time to learn everything!
brilliant app with loads of features!. so easy to use. so easy to learn. instant bank feeds. invite your accountant & bookkeeper & other users. so much support from intuit & the australian team. what's not to like? intuit have put together a great product for the small to medium business owner. thoroughly recommend this product.
i like it. i like it good app
full functionality missing from mobile app.. quickbooks online and the mobile app do not communicate effectively. it's like running two different programs that aren't fully integrated. mobile app lacks time reports and seamless expense invoicing especially in expense details. attempting to add item descriptions to expense reports does not work. there simply isn't a place for it. also, attempting to view a transaction with time, mileage, or reimbursable expenses results in an unable to view prompt. as such the app gets one star.
horrible. had to get because of credit card swiper. ever since installed takes dozen times to save anything and same with login. anything to do with saving glitches constantly.
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
cumbersome. qb stinks on ice! i so miss the older versions! oh, qb online will not integrate into turbo tax! i would never use it again if i had a choice. i'm looking into sage. the menus are horrible it's so cumbersome to move from one screen to another. constantly hangs up and freezes!!!
pathetic. so i have quickbooks, a banking transaction fails, they straight away stop you from using quickbooks, what a unprofessional outfit this is.
. still in trial, but so far so good... very pleased with overall functionality! trial over, five years later... upgraded to 5 stars. perfect app for my small business. does what i need, always available, improves the client experience.
excellent app.
. it's ok for invoicing other than a few issues with dates. but i'd like to know why supplier transactions entered as a 'bill' through the desktop app don't show up in the mobile app, but 'expenses' do.
excelente app. intuit ha hecho un excelente trabajo de poner a la mano literalmente los libros de contabilidad de la práctica y de los clientes. totalmente funcional y fácil de usar.
. love the mobile app. it's quicker to enter in info than the desktop , especially when your on the go. i just love that feature.
. excellent app
. does what you need it to do
. works good but only when it works. i've gotten disconnected twice now for no reason my mileage tracker first and now my bank accounts. tried to sign in on an alternate device and was asked to resubscribe. took my moneyback had no trouble doing that. but does nothing to alert me that it's no longer tracking my transactions.
. doesn't sync like it should, does not allow you to specify deposits. frustrating. the guy with support even told me to not use it.
. quickbooks has made it easier for me to streamline my work load so i spend less time in my office and more time on the job site.
. continues to make me turn phone off and on or delete app it does not work.
awesome. this app is great and extremely helpful with my small business. it saves a lot of time and work. not only do i find it very resourceful but it's easy to use. customizing my invoices and estimates is probably the best part of the application aside from it allowing me to check my profit and loss. i recommend this app to any user, especially a business owner.
mobile app. not happy. i am on the phone with support everyday. won't print on app or on chrome. they don't know what to do. this mobile is worthless to me. i don't have time for this!
. great app. could do with some improvements which i'm sure will happen. my biggest problem is you can't update your banking transactions through the app, you have to use the website. if you click refresh, nothing ever happens. it's annoying to have to go to the website.
half way. all i really want is something i can scan in my receipts with. they say they have this feature but they don’t. even the free wave accounting app has this feature and now i’m left wondering what the point of paying for this service is with an alternative such as wave.. not looking like i’ll be bothering to continue after this free trial if they can’t compete with a free alternative otherwise quite functional.
useless. can’t share the online app with my accountant. frustrating and useless!!!!
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
kerrie. herc's girl
quickbooks online. i love it! i have been using the software for quite some time. quickbooks products are one of the best accounting software i have used. i have used peachtree, and power church plus. in my opinion they don't compare.
game changer. this has been a fantastic app. having the ability to access our estimating and billing from any devise has been great !
good app. like the easy use of the app
awesome for small business. couple problems creating invoices from phone.
. app is very convenient to use but remains shy of all the features that exist on the online web platform. keep up the good work.
professional and practical. love this app! makes my business paperwork so much easier!
great app. very easy to use voice to text is amazing can't believe i hadn't done this sooner.
. great app. been using it to run my business for the last 3 years and loving it still.
. very impressed with this userfriendly app!
. lacking critical features. you have to manually track down and cut and paste the customers email address when sending a reminder for an overdue invoice. to top that off, there is no audit log. there is absolutely no way to see when an invoice was sent, reminders sent, who it was sent to, etc. this app is worthless to small business owners who work on the go.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
amazing. amazing app i use it for my online business
. pitiful. they bricked my account, broken for over a week. third world software.
appréciation. vraiment bien pensée, facile d'utilisation et efficace ! thoughtful application, easy to use and useful !
. i have seen personal budgeting apps that have better user experience than this. here just some of the glaring issues:  it forces you to relogin alot, and it does not support google signin, which means you have to retype a complex password every single time  you could use pin login from settings, but it is useless..  it forces pin code reentry everytime you use the camera or switch to another app.
aka labels. great app. highly recommended
viewable. error message on download is gone, but the app lacks functionality like syncing bank data and the payroll app doesn't allow me employee editing options. if i need to see what is happening in quickbooks its all right, but it's definitely not quickbooks online mobile version
". terrible customer service, took my money for a monthly subscription, then did not activate my subscription and now after 3 days of 10 pm3 am ""customer service"" messages, resulting in absolutely nothing, richie more or less told me i'm screwed and intuit, inc is keeping my money and that i can try to get a refund from google for my intuit subscription. poor business. if anyone wants to actually see what richie says, message me and i'll forward conversations."
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
great app. very good photo function. so, no need to save receipt.
easy to use. great app. very happy with it
great business program. great program and user friendly! dont like that get charged everytime payments recieved online it becomes very costly as it adds up think this is wrong and hard enough on a business owner but overall best program to run small business or any business
great job!. now i know when an invoice has been emailed. very complete app! now we just need a bulk action.
slow. very slow
five stars!. has helped out tremendously when it comes to my business. it makes it so much easier to use then the paper receipt books. it helps me stay organized and keeps me updated to the second. thanks quickbooks!
. extremely user friendly, customers love the on the spot invoices and ability to sign for and pay for work right on the spot!
. awesome program. i work in two different accounts in quickbooks. simplifies bookkeeping.
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
. fácil de usar, excelente para los que los que trabajamos por fuera
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. good app i enjoy this app but i do wish that it had the employee section. you can not clock hours for an employee.
good product for on the go bookkeeping.. i have more than a few clients i do bookkeeping for. this apple ap does a good job of keeping up with their books. the bank feed is by far better than the desktop version and it can be done on my iphone. i moved my company books from the desktop to qbo so i can invoice on the go instead of waiting to get back to my office.
no multi currency in app. there is no multi currency function in the ipad app making it useless for entering overseas travel expenses.
great app. coming from using xero for my accounting software, i can say this app and platform as a whole is far more superior. i would recommend to anyone to switch to quickbooks.
don’t update. ever since last update it crashes when i try to run a credit card. was talking with customer support for an hour and all she could say is i understand. when i asked to speak to a manager the line was disconnected
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
. far too long to load (on new phone). unresponsive and not well developed
could be much better.. this app needs lots of work. is not possible to assign an expense as billable. is also not possible to add markup from this app. lame.
. stupid 2apps at qb idot coders. so you have one app and it is great that tracks mileage and receipts but it doesn't communicate with cloud quickbooks. then you have this app that doesn't have those features. how can you dominate the market and be this foolish someone's going to come along and take their lunch money.
. always crash on start since a long time. unable to use it on note8. reinstalled many times. please fix it.
business. i'm very happy with this app help me a lot
good on the go. it’s easy to make invoices on the spot for customers and receive payments. i still prefer sitting at a computer but this app really helps while i’m on the go!
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
non emergency medical transportation business owner. there are obviously some differences between the desktop version and the app. the app gives you real time overview of everything you might want to double check on the go. quickbooks is a great tool and the app is a great extension of it.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
shady. very easily hacked and an unsafe server. average waiting time for customer service on the phone is hour. you will be transferred at least 2 to 3 times, hopefully you can get somebody who speaks english.
best app. i wish, i was aware of this an year ago. nevertheless, loving this ....
good app. works for me.
no bad. there are several things that are better with the app and qb's online, however the lack of personalisation with the invoicing are rather pants and why the system doesn't have a clocking in facility for employees yet is beyond me could be done easily through a simple app and gps no?? and then integrated into job sheets
. didn't get any customer services after emailing them.
great app. highly recommend this app to anyone with a small business or a business that's on the go. i switched over from quickbooks desktop to quickbooks online and it's way better for me.
i like it.. this app is very user friendly. and makes it easy have an overview of how things are going, place orders. run quick reports etc.
. invoices can't add cost except discounts to my invoices using my s4 phone.
great app. i using this app for my business is so easy the handle it thank you guys for this great app
background usage accounts for 50 percent of battery life. this app completely drains my battery. i thought my battery was broken and was about to replace it, but apple tech report suggested i check on battery usage by app and i discovered quickbooks was the culprit.
very user unfriendly.. i'm an ex myob user and also, lately, an invoice2go user which i find a dream to use. quick books however is so convoluted and unfriendly, i just don't know where the designers were coming from. i'm sure they've never tried to actually use the software. rubbish.
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
switching between account requires logout and login. so annoying, especially since there is no support for touch id. why can't you let us switch from within the app?
a great experience. this new update has just all the features required from this app and more. not just do you guys listen but act as well. kudos. the best cloud service, that can be.
"cheap. it's one of those slickly apps that pops up in your search result which is filtered to show only free apps. after you waste your time downloading and signing up, it tells you to start your free ""trial""."
no way to record expenses. the app only let you see the info you have but won't let you record or register any expenses
love it but..... seems like new technology with some bugs. also some reciprocity issues with what can be done on app as opposed to phone. i know intuit will refine and well worth it. it is helping me streamline my business networking system!!! love it and look forward to giving a 5 star in couple years!
crashing all the time. i know it's version 1.0, but still. it's crashing left, right and center all the time. you may want to wait 68 months before this app is stable.
. great app does exactly everything i need for my small business.
less than useless. this app does not interface enough of the information from the desktop version. reports are raw numbers and can’t pull up any supporting information. p&l is worthless. the desktop version seems to miss the point of accounting software. ie making all your information easy to input then easy to analyze in reports. this does neither. qbpro etc was far easier to navigate without the slick graphics and colors. aaaaaargh!
cody. no reports. no p&l. can not work with downloaded transactions, which for me is critical. looks good, but is not really useful if your trying to get work done. maybe it will get better!
great accounting app. i've been using the quickbooks app for a over a year now and i love how it allows me to stay on top of my business accounting. i love that the app allows me to take a snapshot of my receipts and link them to their corresponding expense transactions within quickbooks.
. makes my small business accounting much easier for me. i can send invoices, quotes and pay bills all from the comfort of my cell when i am on the road between jobs.
online quick books rocks!. they do a great job with this application. amazing how you can create invoices on the road and take deposits from your phone!
disappointing app. you can’t really do anything productive in this application. it’s extremely limited in functionality.
would like to see. new user, so maybe i'm missing something, but there should be a way to create an expense report and bill it to a customer.
. easier to send invoices via the app than it is on the computer. only flaw is i can't enter a negative number for discounts but that could just be my phone and not the app. overall i highly recommend it for anyone.
great support but app is flawed. i have several companies setup on one login. this was done by qb themselves but it keeps crashing, stalling or telling me there is a fault. also don't choose 'other' as business type as list of income and expenditure categories is massively reduced and you will have to add the ones you want manually. customer service is excellent but i shouldn't need to know this!
. good app
effective. efficient. essential.. began using quickbooks at my brothers recommendation. it unified our estimating and invoicing process and surpassed expectations with all the numerous functions. it will quickly becoming your single source accounting software. to add on to this review qb has become vital to our growth and receivables are paid timely. we have recently switched from square to using qbo's merchant services and have had a seamless process. fincite group
. does some things great others not so much awefactor on some things... fail on others
. stupid app crashs more often as than works
not bad. could use improvements but will get by in a pinch when you don't have access to your main computer. 82317 update 1 year later..... my review stands. too many things you can't do compared to full version on my desktop mac computer.
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
great bookkeeping app. this is a great app for tracking expenses sending invoices and overall bookkeeping. it is especially great if you are a mobile service and always on the go, easytouse from your phone or tablet or computer!
great app. love having qb on my phone to receive payments, send invoices and other routine activities.
doesn't work. keeps telling me its unable to sync data.
. i gave it 3 stars because it's ok. it serves its purpose. i'm now disturbed because my monthly fee was $9.99. the month of september  i was billed $19.99. why?? if this is the case...i'm deleting this app. now i feel as if you're stealing from me!
fantastic app in all respects.. i've used quickbooks for over 10 years. it has been great watching them evolve and adapt to the changes in demand and tech. they are ahead of the swell in my opinion
very handy little app. as said in other reviews it is a little different from the computer version but it is such an easy way for me to do my invoices on the go! it's all set to go and it tracks all of my invoices and sends me reminds of unpaid one too! great little helper!
wonderful app.. wonderful app. makes my life so much easier. wish i would have signed up with qbo earlier.
love it!. great mobile online app tool that syncs with your online quickbooks on both mac and pcs.
excelente aplicación. muy completa, fácil de usar.
. it's an ok app, tends to crash here and there.
. they want nothing more than taking your money! wouldn't refund a $10 purchase when they couldn't transfer my subscription to the correct company file. i had a duplicate company file setup during my online migration, which according to support happens often.
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
simple and easy. i find the app and the computer program simple and easy to navigate. i operate my small business using quickbooks and i am yet to have an issue.
app ruined. this is getting old. the app seems to be unusable every time an update heads out way. my invoices are showing old data, are not updating to show payments and do not match what is correctly shown in the real online desktop service. please fix , and stop updating prior to testing
no mileage tracking. false advertising. the mileage tracking screen shot is from the self employed app, not the small business app
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
couldn't ask for more. vary good app with great integration with cloud web service. i have been using this app along with desktop cloud version with my business for little more then a year now and find it vary useful and the app tops it off being on the road with no access to computer as long as they continue to upgrade and offer quickbooks online with app i will subscribe
. fabulous for some things great for running my small business. still lots of room for improvement in user friendlyness.
jp. very good app for any business
almost perfect. it would be perfect if there was an overview dashboard that showed outstanding invoices like the online dashboard.
very weak. i have been a quickbooks user for years but the app is just weak. employee transactions are not possible and reports are minimal. i consider these critical aspects of good accounting software and they almost do not exist in the app. i don’t need an app to write an invoice or figure out that someone owes me money. however, keeping track of my reporting to the government and paying employees is critical and these do not exist in the app.
. makes bookwork super easy on the go, and new features keep being added to app to make it a better desktop companion
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
". i scanned several receipts and submitted them through the app. they were confirmed by the app as ""added"". half of them are now missing with no explanation of where they went. those receipts were already disposed of. completely unacceptable."
. great app i can't say enough good things about it.its totally awesome, fantastic, outstanding.
. the service is phenomenal. when my wife took over the company books, she knew nothing about quick books. i gave her the number for service and they were talking all of the time. now she knows what is going on and slaps my handsfor making a bad entry!
doesn't work on ios. unable to login. this is a known issue with qb and ios9. support states it is indefinitely not working. guess they don't have anyone capable of writing code. intuit is a real company, right? embarrassing.
pretty basic and useless. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
. dissatisfied. was able to get on to thw app because it kept saying there was an error. i was to finish the processes of registering online but just want to try out beforw purchasing it. it would allow me too. uninstall.....
the app needs work. the web based service is great, but the app needs work. the tool i need (journal entries) are not available through this app, so it's not very useful.
cannot sign in with new update. i can’t sign in. keeps telling me my information is wrong even after resetting the password.
. this app works well in ios, but a total disaster on android. i was supposed to renew my subscription, but instead, it routed me to creating a new company under a new subscription. i wasted my money for something i do not need. do not download this app.
impressed. i put off upgrading to online version after using quickbooks pro for five years, struggling to enter online direct debit expenses and payments. online version makes entering data easy and efficient. such a time saver for me. well done intuit! definitely worth the monthly subscription fee.
. unable to use your 30 days free demo, downloaded app, when tried logging in, it says app login feature is available for indian users. when try the same in browser, and after logged in when i want to use free trail it is asking for 10$ payment
great to app to have. loving the app. i would give it 5 stars if it was able to function the same or close to the online version.
no es para argentina. bien pero no pude incluir los bancos
nice but buggy. first i'd like to thank you for a great app that makes my business easy on the go! needs some attention but on my s5 it doesn't appear in the multitask list and my friends iphone has the ability to match bank feeds also which is missing on my android?
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
"review. i have been using quickbooks since the start of my business, and have found it to be extremely useful!! i don't have one bad thing to say about quickbooks, other then for some reason, which no reason was given to me, i'm not able to set up the ""accept payment"" option it offers. if i could activate that feature i would give quickbooks 5 stars. until then they have a 4 star review from aj's tree service!!"
nightmare to dream app. might help save a lot of angst between my wife and i when it comes to invoicing, collecting, and tracking. looks very promising, invoiced thousands with it last night with relative ease on two macs, two samsung smartphones, and an asus laptop. updated fine across all devices. am curious about mileage tracking and auto populating from my google calendar.
. not supported in india... so, i have uninstalled it from my phone...
update make app worthless. thanks for the update that prevents me from sending invoices.
. simple and easy, useful for quick invoicing on the go.
handy app.. i've struggled for a while with record keeping and this app makes it very easy to keep records and do my day to day book keeping.
problem. please update the quick book we are not able use from india..
horrible accounting program. barely an accounting program. one would think qb would create an online version mirroring their desktop software. navigating the online software is a headache, let alone using it for basic accounting purposes. of course qb ever improving their software is as likely to happen as me winning the lottery.
"can't add unit with quality and rate in invoice. online version does not allow customisation of fields. invoice doesn't show ""unit"" with quantity and rate as a result invoice are unusable in real world. hope developer address these issue at priority before we users move to other applications."
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
major flaw  can’t add receipts to expenses. no dropbox or photo option. they advertise this system as super easy and convenient. you can’t add receipts from photos or dropbox. that makes the ‘add attachment ‘ pretty much pointless. i take a picture of an expense receipt but 0 way of adding it ... seriously. who designed this app.???
works well but can’t see inventory level in app. would be helpful if i could check inventory levels without going to web, other than that pretty handy app
app crashes on ios 9 and ios 10. when i click on support it takes you to a web page that also does not work properly. do you have email support ?
rubbish. doesn't work. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. deleted. no support from customer service
loved it. its very useful app to track expenses and invoice.
only for ar. this app pretty much just acts as a payments rec'd recorder. has no other functionality that i can see. need to enter vendor invoices on the go so it would be nice if , even if it doesn't have full functionality, you could at least handle vendors and customers on the go.
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
. can not login
mr reviewer. it's good software & handy
. great app
sweet business app. fantastic app for running my business when in remote areas or on the go!! no glitches with the app either!
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
. it is really user friendly.
works great. good app. works great on the road for creating fast invoices on site. great companion app for quick books am dos fully functional.
app barely compatible with computer. the the features on the app and computer barely cross over and i can never find customers on the app that i have on my computer so i have to jump back and forth to make things work.
. great app
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
. love it! super easy to learn and use
superb app. i'm an electrician and run my entire business on this app it's makes my life so easy :)
excellent. quickbooks online works great for me and makes my work much easier especially with the phone app
". very disappointed considering i do use the online quickbooks on a daily basis. i installed the app. signed in. then came up with an error message. tried to log in again and it keeps coming up with ""signing in..."" but nothing is happening. 10 minutes later, app uninstalled!!!"
kerry pabian. are you kidding me !!! app is crashing on my ipad since the update ! why do you always do updates right before its time to do billing ?
not compatible with my lg g4 phone. i bought new lg g4 and installed the app on it, once i try to sign in the app crashes , i sent email to customer service and it has been three months since then, they keep saying we are trying to solve the issue, worst customer service ever.
. problem tried to sync my company data, refresh it. and now the app crashes as it is loading my company invoices. it seems to log in fine. just gets hung up when trying to load. was working great at the end of last year. but now it won't work....please help! i was using the app a lot. just want it to work again. p.s. i am using a galaxy s4 android 4.3 thanks!
. app refuses login on my phone. pixel 2
love it!. why have i wasted time on quickbooks when i could have been using the online version! so much easier to use.
must have for small business. i love the app is easy to use and easy to monitor business finances
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
. inuit customer service is a joke
. it won't sync with my account and often won't open. update: after emailing my info to the email they responded with, i never heard back. i also called and was told that they'll work on it and email me. haven't heard yet, maybe next week.
fantastic!!!. brilliant app. never even noticed the expenses bit so will have to fill this out for the year. absolutely brilliant. first class
great and very useful. don't leave home without it
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
. very good, i am on trial not sure how much full experience will cost, i'll update when i can
. still somewhat confusing.
invoices don’t look great. the issue i had when using quickbooks was the invoices just didn’t look very polished or professional. there’s a way of setting up a custom invoice, but really you want a good default so you don’t have to muck around.
not accurate. even after the most recent update the app still dose not accurately reflect my qbo account. all information on vended and clients are not up to date. this had been an ongoing issue for more than a year now. i keep hoping with every update this will be correct, but nothing yet.
great app. simplifies my paperwork, haven't noticed any bugs yet.
. very easy to use, takes little effort to keep track of all your sales and spending. i do wish it had a spot to put miles withought buying the mile version though.
perfect and time saving. now i can invoice my clients from my phone when i'm with them and i can classify my transactions each time i have to wait, directly from my phone!
"mostly useful. i like having access to my business via my smartphone, however not all features are available (reports) and some calculations don't seem to work properly. after adding payment for clients, the invoices entered afterward are not automatically attached to said payment  even though the overall balance on the account is recalculated. the invoices sit and show as ""unpaid"" even though the account balance is at zero."
only for ar. this app pretty much just acts as a payments rec'd recorder. has no other functionality that i can see. need to enter vendor invoices on the go so it would be nice if , even if it doesn't have full functionality, you could at least handle vendors and customers on the go.
do not use to run payments through. i ran two payments with them the first they held up because routing number issues and the second because my bank account was not financially available or what ever to run transactions what kind of s**t is that now they want me to refund $2100. to customer on the card after car has left 4 days later and i have to figure out how im going to get my money . horrible !!!!!!
easy!!!. quickbooks makes running your own business easy! user friendly!
. very useful app
when it works it’s great. this app will not recognize my credentials even as i use the online version. i wish it were reliable and i was able to use it consistently. even reinstalling the app does not fix the problem. intuit needs to focus on making this app work on a regular basis as you pay for this service.
mixed bag and ball and chain. a great improvement over the years but the system breaks down at the worst times. today(friday) could not access any of the program for 4 hours. no invoices. no purchase orders. yikes!! when it works, it works well.
landscaping on the run. always busy. not a lot of time set aside for paperwork. i'm loving the convenience of this app
fix the app!!!. this app use to work great until the last update! please fix asap!
great features but very unstable and poor support. i’m an accountant that works with xero, qb and myob. quickbooks online offers probably the best combination of xero and myob’s best features but is let down hugely by the app’s instability (very slow and regularly crashes) and their support, whilst very friendly, is poor in quality and suffers from obvious lack of proper systems and workflow. we’re holding off recommending qb to clients for these two reasons. they aren’t quite deal breakers but close.
not so good. it keeps hanging up with an error message not connected to the internet. not very useful for business.
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
does not connect to my bank. it connected to my bank (bank united) the first day and has not worked correctly since. i waited on hold for 25min and no help. was told i would receive an email with the solution...no email. not very happy with this product for my first week of using.
awesome app!!!. so easy to use!
please prioritise. can you please forget about the fancy fonts and new colours!! first repair the many bugs and crucial features missing from this app so we can operate our business efficiently. once that’s done feel free to change as many fonts as you like.
tremendous time saver. i rarely login to quickbooks online any more and have never looked back from switching from the full desktop version. the mobile app is a tremendous time saver and allows be to better server my clients.
update is buggy. the latest update won't save invoices correctly and doesn't pull up all my clients names. i hope it's fixed soon i use it daily. also won't allow touch id or pin sign in!
great app. no longer have to worry about computer crashes and lost data
billing. i subcribe my licence but i can't do billing ...or even upgrade online ??
. excellent software!
. recording expenses has not worked since july 2017. support from quickbooks has been hopeless and no fix in sight
great app. far easier to use than desktop quickbooks. great software
problems. when it works it's good. have to sign out and back in or it crashes when customers need to be entered, along with other options.
paypal integration very poor. quickbooks say it integrates with paypal and automatically downloads transactions. well, it does partly, but doesn't download into expenses the transaction fees with paypal here, meaning you have to do it manually. it will do it for an online purchase to the same account so why it doesn't work properly is a complete mystery and one support do not help with.
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
. doesn't let me connect a bank account
great way to keep up with small business book keeping. in previous years, with my software based quickbooks, i ended up doing most of my neglected books once a year for tax times. with this i do an update on a daily bases and will have do just a little detailing come years end.
does the job. great app for fast results
needs a lot more work. i downloaded both versions and i am disappointed that ipad has fewer features and functionalities compared to iphone version. it is more convenient to work on a tablet however until all the features are included i am just going to continue online. hopefully qb will send an update soon.
love quickbooks. love being able to check things quick on the app and i love how you keep the software up to date with changes!
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
down graded. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the phone app is all but useless.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
crashes and fails. it crashes, it fails and it's not as good as invoice2go sadly.
customer name. can't see contact name but i can see fax # who uses that please fix so we can ss the contact persons name on page with phone # this should be an easy fix
lame. i don't understand how anyone can make an app that isn't fully functional on an ipad.
i like the app. quickbooks come with a handy app which is great. don't have to work only on desktop.
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
. i can no longer create or see invoices. my home page is literally blank except for the header and the home menu buttons on the bottom.
. love to be available to quote, inovice, charge, see my clients, etc. on the go. i just have a few times that wasn't available to log in but overall good app
excellent!!. i find the app useful when i need it most. i enjoy the ability to add an expense at any time. sales receipts are handy. basically everything i really need without requiring a ton of space on my phone.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
great product. i like this app. can use from just about anywhere
useless!. who is writing these positive reviews? this app is completely useless. it has none of the functionality of qb online, and neither does the mobile version accessible from a browser. with all of the money we spend monthly on qb products, the lack of useable features on mobile devices is extremely disappointing. can't even get a register balance? ridiculous!
customer service is great.. had a little trouble setting up called customer service and they got me up and running.
great app. very nice and good
very useful. i run a small business with this software. i haven't found anything better yet!
. a little slow at times. navigation could be better
really good!. overall i think it's a great app. the one thing i would like them to add is the total dollar amount in the invoice section. in other words it would be nice to see a dollar amount on the tabs for open invoices and past due invoices.
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
poor. this app makes very poor use of the screen real estate of phablet style phones and even worse on ipads. they also removed the comma from the keyboard, so adding additional email addresses to a customer is impossible. generally a poor design, this app is years behind where i should be.
. missing cpl of features like cheque writing, arap reports in mobile app.
disappointed. the app on iphone is murch better. this app doesn't enable me to take pictures of recipes. very limited. needs to be more like the iphone app
great tool. its great tool for small business. makes my life easier. recommend
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality  i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
fantastic qb's app. this app is great! works just as good, if not better, as the desktop version. to me it seems even more user friendly & it is just so convenient when on the go. definitely download! it works so well, i decided to pay the monthly fee to use it.
liked it until it stopped working.... it suddenly no longer connects. called quickbooks and they said they don't support the mobile app .... update..contacted developer listed in some of reviews and he got it working...
my expectations of quick books.. i would expect the quick books would gave been able to give me a complete overview of my accounts and businesses. e.g. i can't find anywhere in the program where i can print my company's balance sheet or my company's profit and loss accounts, to name a few. why is this so?
no true inventory integration. so intuit is apparently letting the vultures take it on this one with letting a third party company charge you a hundred and forty on top of the $40 per month for plus... intuit should include a nice inventory app with qbop, i'm saying everything from being able to put a cost of goods that you put materials into an inventory item to taking pictures of items. where's the mobile support????
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
amazing for small business!!!!!!. i started my service business one year ago and enrolled in quickbooks from day one. i can't rave enough about it! it's made tracking customers, invoices, and expenses so easy i can focus on my work instead of the accounting. still impressed and just in the process of adding payroll.
awesome. can't imagine running my business without this app. total complete solution for mobile businesses like mine. my accounting is done so much quicker, and i love being able to see all client info from the phone. thank you, thank you and thank you!!
. why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
great program. i find myself keeping better records. very user friendly. great program
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
. wow. can't even describe how annoyed i am right now. this app is horrible. it wouldn't even allow me to complete the account creation process. i attempted 5 times and no luck, so i'm leaving this review and uninstalling it now. get to work quickbooks, this is disgraceful.
it just works. see above. in the office, on the site. wherever. i have used a broad range of applications over the last 20 years in business and quickbooks is the simplest, functional piece of software for our consultancy business i have found. happy to recommend it to other small business owners who want to spend time in their profession and and not on the books.
nice but crashes. i like the app other than the fact that after a few minutes of work it crashes. it reliably crashes. helpfully they fix it soon, it's frustrating to have to log back in every time.
. fantastic easy and quick to use. makes my life so much easier!
. i like the simplicity of the app.
changed my life..!. qbo has made the bookkeeping side of my business a dream. it has given me so much time back. if i forget the rest my business to run as smoothly, i would be a happy man…
cool app. really great app. gives access to everything you'd want to get to from your phone.
qb enterprise user. intuit forgot about medium sized companies with the need to use their program remotely. shame 😝
four leaf hvac. love the app. makes my life a lot easier.
. simple and professional.
i recommend for on the go companies. i have been using the app for a year and it has work great for me no downtime and easy access on my phone. great app!
please fix this asap!!!!. this update is horrible and does not work properly at all! data doesn't refresh and i keep getting error messages. the only (very temporary) fix is to delete the app and redownload it  daily! lame! this must be addressed immediately.
great. this app helps my small business tremendously. very easy to navigate, enter and retrieve data. very affordable.
. often fails to sign in. limited app that hardly works. skip the download and just visit the website.
. the app has no way to change to accural from cash basis
good functionality but slow to load. great functionality, good app but it takes too long to load. i don't need the homescreen with current activity to load each time. i just want to add an invoice.
. the best app.
not happy with new update. new update has made navigating to the chart of accounts very annoying. you have to access one of 3 accounts (determined by qbs) that show up on the main page and then push the back button, magically the accounts list appears. poor design, but a simple fix. i don’t mind that the menu button has moved to the bottom, just please add a “chart of accounts” link. thanks.
. invoices can't add cost except discounts to my invoices using my s4 phone.
awesome business app. real time saver with awesome easy features that makes book keeping a breeze.
. this has to be the worst app going zero customer support constantly lied too been trying for 3 weeks to send an invoice and they don't care as long as you keep paying absolute rip off...not far from being a scam spoke to managers about problems and still nothing done do don't waste your time or money...try any other program or stick to pen and paper far better and less stressful
. no1 app
boost to my business image with my ipad!. i went from handwriting every estimate, sales receipt and invoice to bringing in new paperless technology. at the end of the day i would have to have my wife input everything in our quick books online. then file everything in our office. it's not only impressive to our clients, but it also eliminates filing and an extra step of data entry, it saves time and money and gives you a competitive edge over your competition!
crashes on launch. latest os installed, the app crashes when i try to open it. hope a fix comes soon!
kerry pabian. are you kidding me !!! app is crashing on my ipad since the update ! why do you always do updates right before its time to do billing ?
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
works well. i'm surprised this app works so well. it's much less glitchy than the pc program
changed my rating to 5.. i used to upload all my account transactions from this app. now they are gone. that was the only thing i used the app for. it is now useless to me. ***update*** your suggestion worked. changed my rating.
recommend for one stop booking & accounting. i tried many softwares for accounting , the only reason i choose this platform because of its graphics & designs , the dashboard itself give you a ray of positivity , they design the dashboard and entire platform graphics in future aspect. apart from it there customer service is also and helpful. cheers !! ashutosh
. it keeps saying check back in a few hours when i attempt to look at my bank transactions. very glitchy
was great and then they updated it. i loved this app when i first got it. i used it all the time for 5 months strait, and then they 'updated' it. now, it's awful. i don't see any of the new features and it is buggy beyond belief. please go back to the older version. this is a joke.
many tech issues  poor customer support. after weeks of connecting to my bank account and importing my transactions automatically, the app decided to stop doing that. customer service was not helpful. also the reporting capabilities and graphics are very limited.
poor app not intuitive. some features are good, but (and it is a big but), the desktop app does not work, the web app is poor and the iphone app almost forces you to make errors, which you can't seem to undo. this is a waste of money. if the app were more intuitive and flexible then you'd have a winner. for now you won't be putting accountants or spreadsheets of business.
. since last week couldn't login on android or web application. . tried out ignito mode, different browsers., clearing cache even did not worked out. what's the problem guys?
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, doesn't handle banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
great for cell phone however.... i originally gave five stars however the app doesn't work with tablets that don't have a wireless carrier. so though i am on wifi it won't download regardless of the os meeting and exceeding the requirements. aside from that great app when used with my cell
. it sucks if you have credit problems you can't link bank and get payment they don't say that anywhere though do they
. error code 132.100 quickbooks doesnt even have a fix for it. customer service has no clue as to what they are doing. i like paying for software that i can't use
highly functional for an app. unlike other folks i find that i can get the majority of what i need to accomplish for daytoday business done on this app. very user friendly.
. solved my problem with today's update patch... thanks quickbooks team 👍
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
owner. love being able to have quickbooks on my phone and being able to send invoices and receive payments on the go. makes my job so much easier. app works great and is so simple that even my husband can figure it out :)
. best program and online service i have ever used.
needs a calendar interface. great app, a clickable calendar link would make it more user friendly. also needs the ability to edit notes on products and services.
freezes. freezes when saving a new client. app is useless.
love the software. understanding that all software are more friendly on the actual computer than in the cell app, even though, the cell app is very helpful for invoices, estimates, reminders for payments “on the go” just to mention a couple of them. being an 8 years user from checkmark multiledger and payroll and making the transition to quickbooks is just a huge step forward and very efficient for my firm.
needs to be qb online, this app is something else entirely.. the ipad version of this program (and android for that matter) really need to match  exactly match  the web version accessed through quickbooks online in a web browser. the differences are notable, and the experience moving from one version to another is unpleasant. i can’t recommend the ipad version of this program.
doesn’t have my bank. doesn’t have major banks in my country so can’t use it.
a small business must have. i have used quickbooks pro for my small company for many years, but i can't believe i have gotten this far without this app.
excellent. i am a pro exterminator and i have been using this app since i launched my company federal bug investigators in 2012. it's features are amazing and allow me to create an invoice, charge a card on the spot and more, while out in the field or away from the office. thanks to this technology i am an elite entrepreneur.
help. there doesn't seem to be a way to tie in purchases on to a invoice to charge specific customers. when you call in for help with the app, customer service does not have access to see what you're looking at.
. the new update just doesnt detect internet connection and hence cant login.
. good app very nice and handy
. installed on android yesterday. cannot see anything on dashboard. called customer service and they don't know anything about the issue and can't help. she said she can see it on her iphone. account can be seen on desktop version but the mobile app is useless.
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. zero stars"
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
needs a lot of work. very disappointing they removed card payment facility, only reason i went with quickbooks over xero. also don't try and do anything within app or your accounts will get into a right mess (things like match a payment or transfer) you will end up with duplicate transactions that can only be deleted by logging into web client. upsetting the company that all those years ago changed the industry (and took on sage) have failed so badly.
. doesn't have a way to track milage like qb self employed. we pay more money and get less features. qb is more concerned about segmenting the market to make more money than providing the best products. beware of qb scams and desire to gouge your pocket book.
. when it works it works great. however i have to periodically delete and reinstall the app because it gets buggy entering new expenses. it will get locked in the expense screen. in the locked screen if i hit save 5 times it will record the transaction 5 times while still sitting in the entry screen.
easy to use. easy access to all key features and very responsive app
awesome. this app is great and very robust
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
great app... needs some work.. there’s no way to record a sale without attaching a customer to it. also, there’s really not a place in the app to keep a ledger. if it had these 2 things, it would get 5 stars from me, but as it stands i give it 4.
horrible. not even worth commenting on!
. good app works well on android
. why can't i edit an invoice number? my only complaint is that i am unable to edit the invoice number. this prevents me from creating invoices on the go.
. after i finish a job i get my invoice right out to my clients, it starts that (30day net) clock ticking.
. app isn't working. i keep getting an error message while it's loading.
better if had a progress invoice option.. almost complete, but not perfect. still missing progress invoices feature. i’m using 2 apps because i need that.
. we do all of our estimates and invoices through qb. we love it
thumbs up for the business help!!!. take the time to go through the tutorials and this is an amazing app to help with any small business!!!
great app. 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻😊😊
very useful, ios 13 login issue however. as the title says. this software, when combined with the website version, can be incredible useful. the layout is good. i use it for work and once you get to know it it’s pretty good. currently there is an issue logging in with ios 13.
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
horrible. crashes every time. horrible customer service. move on to another app.
excellent. great app and program.
help full app. it really helps my business being organized and has a lot of features
super awesome tool. best app you can get so you have total control over your accounts
powerful. very good, gives almost all of the functionality as the browser version except for splitting and journal entries. but for daily review and acceptance of linked electronic transactions, this is great! also has a good p&l and balance sheet report.
solid app. works great and made billing so much faster.
logo. is it possible for me to add my company logo when i issue out invoices?
. worst app ever!!! when logged in only options are help, feed back and something else so unnecessary. you're suppose to be able to scan your receipts .. nope!
terrible. try to do estimates on the quickbooks for ipad. it is easier to do on the quickbooks for iphone. intuit needs to get some people like myself with an office any where that using qb online very hard and heavy to beta test there software.
great app on the go. view invoices ,do invoices and bids on the go no need to wait until you get to your laptop or computer
. great app. i enjoy it. helps me with my small business
. superb app
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
. great app. really helps invoicing and tracking payments.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time. it works great with my small business to easily access invoices as well as the payment logs.
inventory & stock control. where do i find the inventory & stock control feature to invoice stock to the customer! is there a warehouse feature because my stock is also kept in different locations!
it desont sync. disappointed it desont sync with qbo, tried the settings to refresh the data but still no luck!
. at some point the app stopped attaching photo receipts to my expenses. now i've lost several months worth of receipts.
. very poor and limited app. information displayed is quite different from the web view. i only want to see one thing  supplier invoices and outstanding balances and this app doesn't show them.
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
happy user. switched from desktop to online a couple years ago and love it. works great on all our devices and can s me invoices in the field right after we perform a job. love the continual improvements also.
insufficient information. the app doesn't have the features i need while away from my computer.
awesome. works great never had an issue with yet to date
. easy to use accounting software
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
great apps. good performance
. so, right up front, why not disclose the cost for the app after the 30day addiction period?🙄 google pixel 2 xl.
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
. perfect app so easy to work with it and so helpful
. problems with poor follow up i had problems with this app send support email and they don't follow up
. love this app!!
. terrible customer service plinky plonky app. i have now moved everything over to xero which is much better
cancel subscription. continues to bill my tmobile account even though i've cancelled subscription
great app!. it is awesome everything i need in one spot.
. like many other i can no longer log in to the app, spoke to barbara on chat via the browser version and she seemed unaware of the problem despite several reviews mentioning it. otherwise i like the app (when it works!) although there are less functions than desktop. good particularly for scanning bills but can't do that at the moment...
i doesn’t work for personal finances. i have tried to get my personal finances but failed. this app is meant for business accounting only and there’s no way of using it work for personal accounting purposes. so, basically this is not the app for individual personal financial accounting. look somewhere else for it if you are looking for something similar to quicken.
. best accounting on the good app
unable to signin. since the update, qb won't authenticate on iphone 5s: either it states technical difficulties or the login info is incorrect. i'll uninstall and install to see if that resolves this new programming error.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
great app!. this app saves me so much time! it lets me run my business much more efficiently! wouldn't be quite as successful without it. it also has very professional invoices and estimates
. easy to use! great for keeping track of expenses. especially for my small business.
does the job. great app for fast results
". only works half the time i use it, it's always ""experiencing technical difficulties"""
. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:) 23092019 i wish to ask, wether you can remove the function which not allowed to screenshot ? it is very frustrated when i need to inform my customer how much they owe. please !!!
. their cancellation process is brutal. thea button to do it myself online wasn't available, waited on hold forever for the phone number support page said to call, chat didn't answer forever then replied then immediately ended the chat because i didn't respond right away, chat after that kept delaying cancelling (i'm still not cancelled, had the time to write all this while trying to  waiting for chat to cancel)
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
. good summary of your business right at your finger tips. like the ability to take pictures of your receipts and enter the expense on the spot, no need to worry about keeping receipts.
. great app i recommend to anyone and every one. thanks
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue
works well. i don't use this app a lot but every time i do it was worked well enough.
. the app worked great before, it had some minor issues here or there but now it is horrible. when i try to add an expense it only shows me 4 of my vendors and the only account i can assign is the cogs account. now i have to save all my receipts and remember to enter them when i get back to the office. what a pain. yes, my desktop app works just fine. please fix the issue, i loved the functionality before.
what a joke.. if you are moving from qb desktop, think again! there's not even an easy way to just view today's business. no reports in app. useless.
. great app. love it's simplicity.
good but could be better. overall quickbooks online is a reliable usable and productive app. it continues to lack obvious things like an ap screen on the landing page and better shortcuts to accounts. but it does the job well.
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
great app. qb online app is a great app and it's only getting better. it frees up alot of time to be able to run a business on the go.
convenient app!. good app, just wish it would migrate previous category info for existing payees. it would be 5 stars then.
. i would rate the app 5 stars if you could trust that the info was accurate. i have, so many times, quoted customers their balance on my route only to discover that it is missing invoices. it appears that this app is virtually worthless as recent invoices are never uploaded to app.
. more nicer with the update but i still can't give my customers discounts, i wish it would let me make a negative quantity or rate while making and invoice.
nothing quick about quick books. not easy and not quick. out of all the invoice apps i’ve used this has been the most awkward
. issue with app was directed in app to call quickbooks online customer service. no solution after being on the phone for 2 hours, they ended up calling android and at&t to try and fix the issue, which made absolutely no sense to me and got us nowhere. customer service has no clue about anything app related including when the password reset does not send verification code. i ended up having a different company to resolve the issue for me. below instructions solved nothing.
. brilliant app
quick oops for android.. cool app. it would be better if it operated like the desktop version..
unfair and idiotic. your supervisor told me i would receive 3 months free quickbooks online...then i get a bill...then you refund my account and cancel it???!!! wow! and then waste hours of my time telling me you can't give me 3 months free? this is starting to look like a scam! not to mention the 1 star rating you receive from consumer affairs. you guys need to wake up and be professional!!
. app is great, i use it all the time.
does not support multiple currencies. hope they can add multiple currencies soon. it's useless if you have a primary currency other than usd.
electrician. this is app for business
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
qbo app rocks!. finally, we given the proper tools to make educated financial decisions on the go! thank you intuit!
. very unreliable. get frequent errors trying to edit expenses. ui is clunky and errors all over the place. i don't trust the numbers on the expenses either. actually, the expenses are completely wrong. literally doubled versus the website. what a joke.
doesn't work. app crashes on load and while logging in. pretty useless so far. :(
not free. this is a free trial, and that is what it should say. now it is going to take me 2 hours to get it removed off all of my devices! annoyed!
comprehensive. your accountant in your hand. seriously.
. great app, makes accounting easy!
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
qbo quickstart. i find it user friendly, reasonably easy to pick up and the ability to use it on my phone, ipad or pc is very useful.
"buggy, rough, glitchy. frequently disconnectswon't sync to my companies data. frequently ""has trouble emailing this form"" when i try to send clients invoices. frequently is unable to save invoices. using 4g lte network and wifi with same results. says i'm offline when connected to wifi and network. only way to solve problems is seemingly to uninstall and reinstall app. update: now app frequently won't create pdf's that i can then print out. absolutely horrible for mobile business convenience."
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
. great app
. great app
don't waste your time. everything is centred at getting your secure bank details. so they can send it off somewhere unsecure. total waste of time. smooth to use but practical use is zero. for example you can not input expenses on the go. what's the point of the app then? so many little drawbacks. at this stage intuit should have had these things covered.
okay. this app would be perfect if it didn’t redirects me to safari to login every single time
. it is awesome, very intuitive, simple, more than value for money paid. can you add bills and bill payment to the mobile version?
difference maker. love the program, made it much easier to price jobs, track paidunpaid invoices and keeps track of all business info
. great app
easy. i'm still on the trial but it helps me move from paper to electronic pretty easily. feels even better that it is all in arms reach.
. good apart from the top of the dashboard on the home page being greyed out.
making life simple. best way to run your business.
. love this program
. love the app
. very user friendly great app great technical support i recommend it to anyone
find someone else.. their help desk refuses to speak to the actual person who handles my business books and wanted to do nothing more then waste my time when i have business to run! square is looking even better! 112019 updated response to quickbooks. the person was on the account and had full access. again wasting time and money and horrible customer service.
great app. great app links well details on the laptop. can create invoices on as soon as the job is finished.
exceptional. this is incredible intuitive software that keeps you completely up to date. it saves hours of time. this is very easy to use. highly recommend for every business owner.
powerful bookkeeping in your hand.. fantastic program to track costs, expenses, create invoices and it's all done to generally accepted accounting principles.
tried them all. i persevered with other systems and intuit quickbooks online has been sensational since i migrated over. excellent adaptability, intergratibility and functional practical to use. very happy! keep up the good updates.
mgrm. great app
buggy. app has been very buggy. for a few months i lost the ability to add expenses and not every time i click on home the app closes. using brand new iphone 7.
. problem tried to sync my company data, refresh it. and now the app crashes as it is loading my company invoices. it seems to log in fine. just gets hung up when trying to load. was working great at the end of last year. but now it won't work....please help! i was using the app a lot. just want it to work again. p.s. i am using a galaxy s4 android 4.3 thanks!
. invoicing only works when it feels like. app is very hard to navigate. half the tools i have to log in to my computer and do on the desktop version. very dissatisfied and will be cancelling this service soon as i find a better alternative.
. my favorite accounting software!
. the app use to work fine but since last month i can not update any invoice in the app. it keep givig me error unable to edit. there was adding this invoice. if this problem continues please call customer care. i have uninstalled and installed saveral time no luck.
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be.
. easy to create an invoice, a little difficult to look a customer's information via the phone app.
great app!!!. this is a great app for my small business. i can make and send out invoices from my phone. which is great!!
ability to do transfers. good app just wish i could do transfers between my bank accounts the same as the online version.
good app for accounting students. thanks quickbooks team 👍
. great software, easy to use
poor need lots of work. this app is terrible on the ios and android. i’m using it on both and it has tooo many bugs...
so far. i like the app, the only problem is i can't add my income i can't figure out how on my android please help, so i can give it 5 stars
the best. this app is the best for my businnes, when i use him as a contractor is the best, because i never lost money or forget charge any work. i love it.
"qué pasa?. la aplicación simplemente dejo de funcionar. óptimo el icono, ""abre"" y se cierra de inmediato. desinstalarlo e instalé, y el problema continúa. solucionen, es una herramienta de trabajo!"
great app on the go. view invoices ,do invoices and bids on the go no need to wait until you get to your laptop or computer
. installed on android yesterday. cannot see anything on dashboard. called customer service and they don't know anything about the issue and can't help. she said she can see it on her iphone. account can be seen on desktop version but the mobile app is useless.
fantastic app. easy to use and works very well.
. great app to use along side quickbooks online. i like being able to send estimates and invoices on my mobile device with the quickbooks app!
. i've been using quickbooks for a few years. it's been great. but lately i haven't been able to access old invoices or quotes. very inconvenient for past work that we've done. now i'm having a huge issue with latest data not syncing to my device and can't even get into my account. things should be getting better not worse. i've consulted with customer service which hasn't helped either.
the best business app ever!. i have been in business for nine years and have been using quickbooks desktop. i am now using the online and it is great so happy that i made the switch. works well with ipad and can do my work right on the site! thanks for the great work! ray's home improvement,llc
terrible, embarrassing. after purchasing and downloading the app, it worked fine on day 1. tried to open it and show it off...it would not open. the next day, i gave it another chance. i successfully created an invoice template and then tried to edit a service. the app then froze. i will obtain a full refund and never give this another look.
app crashing. after updating to the new version, app is crashing. kindly resolve the issue. not able to use
. can't view emails that it sends, it doesn't track when reminders are sent on past due invoices, you can not offer multiple terms (i.e. invoice net 30 but offer a net 15 discount if they pay early). tech support wait times are extensive (40 min on one call, 20 min on a chat). all that and it's expensive.
awesome. user friendly and far better than any application available... i love it
. great accounting capabilities for small and medium enterprises, compatible across all my devices. taxation is resolved quickly, no stress and most definitely no complains
best accounting software i ve used so far.. after using some 10 accounting softwares i ve chosen quickbooks. this the most easiest and best option available in the indian market....and of course most affordable also.
does not even log into my company. installed the app, entered my login details then tells me sorry it cannot download my company details and to report issue. i've reported and typically the response i get back is to redownload the app???
needs improvement. the bottom line is its a half attempt at a usable app the key features such as updating and access to registers don't work and the work around snare to tedious
shwetha. super app
office assistant. i am still a huge fan of the desktop version! the one great thing about the qbo is the online feature! it still needs improvements. if you have multi companies you have to pay individual packages for each company and log out to be able to log on the other. there is no switch between companies feature on the phone app like on the desktop and the full qbo site.
amazing. this is so much easier to use and access. we are out in the field more time than at the office and to be able to email am invoice to a customer in front of him is awesome.
. app opens, prompts to upgrade, no upgrades available. repeat. please make sure the upgrade is 100% released to the play store *before* forcing users to upgrade.
i was using quickbooks desktop. i really like using quickbooks online, especially like the synching, capabilities; it is much more convenient to login with any device.
. great experience. easy way to keep your business organized.
switching between companies. how come i cannot switch companies? cannot run p&l and balance sheet based on dates?
fantastic for when you’re on the move. this app has really helped me operate more efficiently from a mobile office. the ability to quickly and easily produce quotes and invoices from my ipad has been extremely useful. the app isn’t as fully featured as its desktop counterpart but it does enough to suit my needs, whilst i’m on the move. i’m running this app on a 10.5 ipad pro and it has been flawless.
. great app use it all the time
quickbooks app. does not work well. needs a lot of improvements. each time i back up my files i end of with multiple copies on my ipad. have called several times and each time they blame the app developer which i have contacted but never heard back from them. poor program that needs fixing to get it up to good standards. do not recommend until they fix problems.
nice app!. suits my needs...
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
outstanding. i love the new quickbooks app it allows me to invoice and estimate my customers in a snap it also allows me to bring the point of sale in the home credit card processing is very easy also my favorite feature is that i am able to transfer my contacts into my quickbooks customer list with the press of a button
. easy and quick to use for estimates, invoices , receipts and keep track of expenses and income
muito bom.. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
accounts don't always show. sometimes my accounts don't load hence i can't reconcile transactions from the phone.
. cancelling your subscription seems impossible. i've emailed, called, used their help menu. it shouldn't be this hard. still trying to cancel.
. not able to login to app since one month now.
. this is really a great tool for quickly adding expense to your accounts. definitely a time saver
why???. for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
. horrible, spent 2 hours trying to cancel subscription. they don't have the cancel button. called them...45 min wait. terrible service.
simple. très facile à utiliser
crapapp. quickbooks program is nice though the company's blatant lack of interest in the osx platform baffles me... this app is basically worthless and does not update to changes made online four weeks ago... they have light years to go before this app is worthy of being used...
doesn't work!. it hardly used to work, now it doesn't work at all. my boss is constantly on me for missing invoices, well i can't make them because the app doesn't work! crashes immediately when i try to open it. when it does open, it will let me sign in then give me an error.
poor experience with qb customer service. does not integrate with wells fargo merchant account. was very disappointed with customer service representative to get information on how to implement quickbooks pos. ended up going with wf, and would probably have gone with qb pos if we had all the facts. representative was flippant, condescending, and rude.
can't invoice to job address. no good
worthless!. until this app can sync with the desktop version of quickbooks, it is worthless to my business. i'm sorry i downloaded it. but i have already deleted it.
. not at all professional, still there is lots of bugs and team behind is not able to resolve the issues we are reporting
. awefull, not suited to non accounting folk. unless you fully understand the system it will not represent the companies financial status.
. i have had this app for my business for about 1 year. every time i spent the money new transection comes up 2 time . and it's too hard to remove on transection.
"didn't want to give in but i did lol. i didn't want to get quickbooks for our small business but finally did. i'm glad i did because now i don't have to go through each invoice ""old school""."
can't even create an account. american centred software. won't even accept uk mobile number when trying to sign up!! fail!
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
. great software. so easy to use and very reliable.
. very useful software all customers use
easy to use. keeps me on top of my expenses every day. should have started using it months ago!
. doesn't work for the last few months on any of my devices. called many times support and they said they are aware of the problem and they are working on it. this is insane!!! i'm paying every month to get the online version and it doesn't even let me sign in. it shouldn't take month to fix such a problem.
awsome. easy to use just take the time to set it up best software for small business
service date. been told by intuit several times that service date will be available on invoices almost a year ago....still nothing and it is crucial to have in the lawn care biz
. hi i'm unable to use it on my android phone.please help.
. this app not work in my phone .i am opening this the screen is black.i am purchased 1 year subscription in last two days back.
a+. awesome app. this makes my life so much simpler! super easy to use. 5 stars from this guy!
. really slow compared to desktop
great tool. i use this (on my galaxy note 3) in conjunction with quickbooks online on my pc and my ipad. each device has different features available to use, and all three together make running my business quite simple to manage.
. i have been experiencing some trouble when doing the banking reconciliation function. every other app works fine, and even quickbooks is okay until i use the banking feature. updated everything and rebooted phone, still very slow. using an lg v10
can’t enter bills. totally useless
. my only dislike is that on android it will only being up the last year of data... where on my daughter's apple it brings up all data from many years ago
. last night's update totally messed up our county taxes, forcing you to use an incorrect rate, less than the state and county expect. we will need to use a different system now do avoid tax issues.
great for on the go businesses. i have been using quickbooks mobile for about a year now and it makes keeping up with invoices and payments a breeze.
. this program will not let me separate my inactive accounts from my active accounts. also navigation is not intuitive to me.
the app have few bugs & the customer support sounds like they not familiar with their products. when you create a new customer and saving it and then you need to change some information in the contact it still shows the previous info contacted customer support few times and they are useless
. rubbish, cannot connect to hrmc, hard to then cancel payment
meh. so slow loading new pages invoice templates are ugly hard to view invoice view doesn’t quite seem “google” more like a government website that got a makeover
i run my biz from the app!. i use qb constantly to invoice clients and log incoming checks. it's great for following up on past dues & creating invoices on the go.
best app for invoicing. hands down the best invoicing app i have found, it was recommended by another business owner and i am very pleased with the purchase.
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
annoyed again!!. i did the latest update and now i can’t even open this damm app! terrific ay! any suggestions qb’s!? can you get this sorted asap. a few updates prior to this lasted one, after that particular update all my company details except my abn disappeared, why? the app didn’t seem to save my details properly as i added them and it was like that until the following update. then everything was back to normal. pretty annoying!!
valuable tool to have in the field. i installed the app, imported company files from my desktop and boom i was doing estimates and invoices in the field.
couldn't do it without this app. love this app. sooooo mobile friendly!
. great app
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
. accounting standard for small businesses
. the online version of quickbooks works well, but the app is terrible. we are in 2018 and the apps still can't do anything useful. why can't we have the same functions and features as the online version. i want to be able to view all my reports at any time. easily key in transactions. the app needs some serious work. no joke.
partial funcionality. useless for my business, i have to do my accouting work on a computer, this app doesnt have what i need
lots of errors.. there are a lot of bugs with qbo, and my accountants have noted errors in the reports. apparently qb is aware but haven't resolved the issues. we have also had numerous glitches in the program  including not being able to log into our account (only being able to log into my accountant's page). this issue has been ongoing for over 18 months without resolution. overall qbo has great potential if it only worked properly.
. love this app
. it is very easy to use and it allows me to keep track of invoicing estimate and banking
quickbooks. quickbooks has been absolutely amazing overall. main issue is customer service and their ability to provide customer support for the app. i was required to ph 3 different numbers, one being out of service. once i finally spoke to csr he was extremely friendly but did state they haven’t been provided proper training to assist with app related issues but would do his best to help. i would upgrade to 4 or 5 stars if they provide a user friendly option for support.
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
. je ne sais pas je connais pas encor
exactly as described. it does what it is supposed to. i am a longtime user of the desktop version and still do, however for a fledgling small business that is mobile the online version is incredibly convenient.
great software. i have come to really like quick books online. quoting, invoicing, reports and my personal favourite... it links with your bank account to automate expense inputs. you set the rules once and the next time a similar transaction appears in your linked bank account it automatically categorises the transaction for you, just hit 'add'. saves me so much time and effort and to me it's fast becoming a business tool i simply wouldn't be without.
. great accounting app
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
pretty good but, but no bill entry????. i have found this to be somewhat helpful for reviewing expenses, but it would be fantastic if i was able to pay bills on the go. i would love to be able to keep my business mobile by using the camera to “scan” invoices and submit them for payment right from the app. a core function that is surprisingly absent. this is a must for future development. without it, the app just come up short...
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
makes life a lot easier. thankyou. quick books
perfect. this app does just what i need to stay current with billings and payments.
four leaf hvac. love the app. makes my life a lot easier.
good app. very useful app when on the go.
my dependable business partner. over the years, as a small business owner, i have come to depend on quickbooks. initially that made me extremely nervous, but i have found that both the app and the online version have come to be dependable and it's very important partner in my business success. they have made the app even more intuitive. i recommend it!
. i have tried the thrial for my buisness and found it projected profits higher than actual and expenses that didn't match up regardless to synching it to accounts like square or my bank. if this is the trial then im not sold. if i had turned this apps inaccurate projections into the irs they'd audit the hell out of me. ill stick to good old fashion analog style accounting thank you.
. great app
discount. why in the world would you apply the discount after sales tax? in the mobile app, you cannot toggle the order. ridiculous.
great app!. super convenient to track all my business transactions on the go. recent updates have made it much easier and more features are accessible.
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
love it!. easy to use, great for mobile business. can create invoices with your own logo, receive payments and log them from anywhere. send invoices as well. i don't know what i would do without it! have a makeup business and recommending to my father too!
be careful. i resynced my bank feeds and two years of transactions got deleted. i spent an hour on the phone and was told they couldn't fix it...
#1 business app. after trying many programs, including all of quickbooks packages, quickbooks has the best tools for running your startup.
. i gave it a week b4 i changed my rating my qb is now working perfectly no more stress on updating my sales n payments... thanks team 5 star well deserved
good. app.
great app. easy to use app. very user friendly. a must have for small business owner
. great app. i manage my painting company from here ...
too many errors to count. i’ve been using mint for years and love it. this software on the other hand is terrible. save yourself the frustration and use anything else.
. i've been trying to use this app for months and months. it doesnt work, and nobody has done anything about the problems even though there are numerous complaints and bad reviews. i'm getting ready to stop paying for quickbooks and find something else. i mainly wanted to us the app for taking pictures of receipts, but due to the syncing issues, i can't submit more than one receipt picture without the app hanging or freezing. i've tried reinstalling, clearing cache, etc. with no luck.
one step submittal group. very good online software
quick books app. great app...use it everyday to run the business.
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
. great app
. does the trick. is easy to use and does not cost and arm and a leg. i'd reccomend.
love the app!. absolutely love this app. i can do everything on my phone on the go and hardly ever need to pull up qb on my computer. beautiful lay out, intuitive design and easy to use.... i'd rate it an a+ 👍
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
wouldn't know what to do without it. love it helps keep me honest in line and stress free
. very useful app that almost makes bookkeeping fun. almost... :) let's face it, bookkeeping is a dreary chore but this software makes it tolerable and even pleasant some days. good work quickbooks!
the phone app is practically useless. the phone app is very awkward to work with. the only think i found it useful for was just to look things up for reference. it's not worth taking the space up on my phone for that. i'm deleting.
missing data on iphone and ipad. i have an issues where invoices are missing for some customer on both iphone and ipad. the show up absolutely fine on the web. i can see the payments but get the error when i open the payment qbm.error.00500000.reason.iphone. please fix asap
best app. love this app makes it easy for me to track all my buisness transactions. recommend
. can't even get started. created an account and tells me i have 30 days but then tells me i have no subscription whenever i attempted to log in.
. best app
not support for iphone xs max. i tried to use for invoice purpose but always pop out and can’t use
. good app need less pricing for subscription
the best accounting app for sme. great product at affordable fees..i love the constant improvments that you guys make..i own a chain of smartphone retailers and it working great for me..missing the fifth star because inventory options need some improvments other than that its great..keep it up!
latest rev still buggy. when adding a new customer, cannot import contact info besides names. address email and phone numbers not automatically being added while accessing phone contacts. also receiving consistent home error message of being unable to access company info.
bills for suppliers cannot be viewed. as the title suggests. this is a big negative point for me.
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software.
. samsung galaxy s4 i rarely give five stars. i dont use this app like i thought i would but may in the future.
zero stars new version is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
customer service & support sucks. go with freshbooks instead.
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
. i have had repeated issues with credit card processing off mobile in clients homes. embarrasing to repeatedly attempt to run their card, only to have to make phone calls after to see if their card was run twice. emailing receipts does not happen everytime. trying to email receipt and system keeps telling me that new information is available, then nothing. often will not process payments while with customer. overall system is pretty good to work with. still recommend qb.
. quickbooks makes doing business easy!! the app compliments the desk top program!!
. great app for invoicing and tracking expenses
cost. does this app cost anything, i am a small business, i haven’t made a profit yet, and don’t have much money, any help?
would be great if…. this app would really be a great app if it woukd have all the functions as on the pc. for exsample i wanted to issue an invoice with a different currency, and the app blocked it and sent me to the pc. so for what is this app good if we have to go to the pc for almost each transaction?
invoice and estimates not saving after last update. you will have to delete app. then reinstall then it will save.
terrible. try to do estimates on the quickbooks for ipad. it is easier to do on the quickbooks for iphone. intuit needs to get some people like myself with an office any where that using qb online very hard and heavy to beta test there software.
. its great experience
. quickbooks has saved me so much time
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
garbage. i still can't login since last updated. it's been a freaking month
qb needs to hire a ux person. how convoluted can a simple task be? try quickbooks. or if you value your time, get expensify.
confusing. the guidance on using the app and getting the most from it is not very good  for someone starting out like me, i'm struggling with this.
so convenient. i use this app for work all the time. it is so handy to have it on my phone when i leave the office.
. why is quickbooks on ios so much better ??? please update it to ios standards
where the banking. i want to accept transactions while i sit in bed, this app is far from useful without that capability, come on intuit, make the app complete. as is, a total let down!
makes it easy. quickbooks has done nothing but make my life as a new business owner a breeze. i can expense purchases, write up invoices and so much more right from my phone when i'm out of the office it's amazing. i don't know where i would be without quickbooks
nightmare update. it was bad before the update. how could it be even worse now? unending refreshing bank data (constant spinning wheel) makes it virtually useless and beyond frustrating for reviewing and matching transactions on the iphone.
still needs some changes. multiple addresses for a company is still a drama as it changes all previous invoices and quotes. plus ipad app continually won't save edited quotes. have to use desktop version to edit invoices or quotes successfully. annoying!
. great app for small business!!!
. great app and can finally look at my invoices on the job.
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
makes business happen!. this powerful app makes my business happen! very easy to make sales on the go and keep track of all my ins and outs. thank you!
i use it only because i have to.... i'm still waiting for $10,000 worth of invoices that my customers never received thanks to this god awful app. invoice2go is 10 times better.
inapp purchase, but not stated in advance. rt
just ok. your misleading us when you say i can run my entire business from my phone. try opening an invoice with an employees time added. i also cannot enter time.
couldn’t be worse. worst customer service out there. pulled money out of my account when they made a mistake.
. i run a small electrical company and the app does not let you do cis payments like the online version of this. this takes the mobile out of this app for us and only allows cis payments to be done on a desktop with windows...its very annoying as apart from that its ok
app as of lately. every time  every single time  i open app, it tells me it must log out because it’s running critical updates. it worked fine until a week ago. not sure if it’s related to apple software but it’s getting old.
useless app. mileage tracking is grossly inaccurate, way too many inadequacies and limitations on the invoicing and accounting features. this app is a joke. i tried it for several months and have lost money as a result of it's shortcomings. the positive reviews here must be fake. do your research and search the web for accurate reviews. i recommend everlance as a better option.
. great and..comfortable. app. but they. should lower the price.to.small.bussines
. requires some changes. dashboard does not update data.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
fees?. i paid over $300 for the qb pc program. i wish they had something basic for free.
amazing app. so great to use! still missing few features but gets the job done
great app.. will help me tract expenses!!
. quick books online is perfect for a small business owner like myself. i can have a professional bookkeeping,payroll, and tax service with also being able to provide estimates and invoices out in the field. its perfect!! thanks so much much quick books. trey blocker blocket tree service
. great app very useful
easy. extremely easy to use
can't wait for more!. yeah, it's not going to be the only way you use quickbooks. but having the opportunity to have a mobile capability is immensely helpful. it's how you use it and when to that makes this app great!
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
. don't fill up your information for free trial it's easy to set up for free trial. they doesn't have options in app for unsubscribe your free trial. you have to reach them every day for unsubscribe your free trial. if you not satisfied from app then start call them before 5days, they will not answer your call till your free trial not get expired. be careful before you sign up.
please repair!. its a excelent, but in 1 mounth are problem to connect in sometimes!! i have problem to connect to app in my iphone and a need for my business, that is terrible problem.
progressive payments. love the accessibility and simpleness of creating invoices. would love to see progressive invoicing added to quickbooks online
great app. this app has helped me out tremendously. i have a bad habit of loosing paperwork in this cut that out 100%
. i travel for work and this app is awesome. i can write and email estimates, invoices, and recieve payments on the fly. it makes my life way easier.
"error. i dont even understand why massage always popup said ""failed to connect with server"" when everytime tried to login using this app..send several of email to support team but theres no answer n solution..please do something i am a quickbooks online plus subscriber.."
. a few improvements could be made but overall, excellent app!
works well so far. i installed the app this month. so far it allows me the flexibility to record transactions on the go. this is a big help.
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
at your fingertips. it's nice to be able to send invoices and check your books anywhere you are. haven't had any issues.
unique landscaping. it’s simple to use and helps to keep up with you’re accounting, totally recommend it
fantastic app for a superb product!!. i've been using quickbooks since i began my private voice and piano studio. i am able to easily track invoices and payments and send reminders to my students and their parents. the app has helped me save time when adding payments so i can focus my time on my students. i also love how i can send receipts and reminder invoices even when i am on the run! definitely a 5 star product & app!
touch id stopped working with latest update. touch id stopped working with latest update. otherwise a great update. please fix!
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
. great app. please keep your prices reasonable.
good for on the go business#. great app for mobile business. lacks some of the functionality of desktop version. i like the way i can record every transaction on the go, even invoices and payments. i don't like the fact that you can run only one business per subscription. much to expensive to pay separate for subscriptions if you have more than one business.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
awful.. you can't even add transactions to your account registers. ridiculous.
. great experience. great results. making me run my business. more efficient
happy and safe. at last. an easy to use app that work well for fast quoting and invoicing while on the go. my b2b clients are very impressed on how fast my quotesinvoices come in. it's a great selling point to my business.
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
. nice accounting apps.. very usefull..
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
can’t create pos in app. wish i could create pos in the app. we use qb online with shopify. i can only create a po to send to my distributor from my desktop. i am often away from my desktop, in order to send a p.o. from my phone i have to log on to the regular online edition through safari. i cannot use the app as i need it to function.
why doesn't it update banking?. all i want to do is import my banking transactions and deal with them. i would think this would be basic functionality. i spent spent over half an hour on the phone with support and talked to 3 different reps who ll claimed to know almost nothing about the app. seriously, why do you even have it.
saves so much time. i got this app to help save time and it does. it took awhile to set up and i have had to phone for help a few times and they have been fab. i can send invoices and receipts form my phone. i am able to keep up to date on my accounts without the effort.
. very good app
. i wanted to subscribe this application. when i try to signup i got error i again try to signup got message this application is not available in india.
. great app for small business. easy to use and saves me a ton of time doing my accounting. accounts payable and receivable couldn't be easier. i really like the free bank transfer option i can provide my customers in their invoices. taxes are quicker and easier thanever everything is in one place and no more collecting receipts. i highly recommend quickbooks to anyone running a small business.
. i am enjoying this app so far but would be much better if i could also use it on my kindle fire. please make an app for that too!
fonts too big and can’t be read anymore. since the latest update, fonts are too large and you can’t read the amounts of your invoices anymore. sent them many screenshot examples, still can’t use the app anymore. also, sometimes you can’t even “accept” an invoice on the app as well. useless for me to use now. what a shame, because i used it daily. iphone 11 pro with latest ios v13.2.2
. great app to get financial control of your business
app fails to load on iphone x. failed to start in iphone 6s and iphone x
stock. the app doesn’t show stock levels under the products tab ! need this feature asap
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
great that it exists, now it needs to be great. it's so awesome to be able to manage my business from my phone. but. that's not the same as the app itself being so awesome. it's frustrating to use at times and could benefit from some thorough ux work.
. works great for me sending invoices and receiving money
happy new year to me!. this will make 2017 a much easier year for me.
perfect. changed over from using sage about 6months ago and have never looked back, excellent software, the app makes it completely agile and useable on the move.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
love it!. simplifies life. amazing phone support. always improving.
. great business app
business owner. it's much easier than desktop version
great app. i have no complaints.
this has helped me have a life. without this software i would be buried in paperwork . it helps me stay organized. i have been using one version or another since 2003. thank you
. thanks for the quick reply, awesome app.
can't do my expenses on the app. i've started using quickbooks a few months ago. all was going ok but now i can't do my expenses on my app anymore. can't take pictures of my receipts to add them to my expenses. i contacted them and they said they are dealing with it but still no luck after a few weeks waiting. very frustrating. all other functions are working fine though. depe
. good app
. i personally had a bad experience with customer they could not or would not a simple question instead kept referring me to tutorials which did not answer the question
. ease of use with lots of support
great but needs to add acct payable. love the app but can't look up status of payments to vendors and outstanding bills to be paid.
. simple. efficient.
. makes my business easier and efficient
doesn't work. app crashes on load and while logging in. pretty useless so far. :(
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money and it's also good for on site reference
made my job way easier. been really useful for creating invoices and collecting payments for our company!
zero stars new version is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
. best app for tracking my personal expenses easily.
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
app needs major work. the app is useless, i have to pull out my laptop or wait till i get to my home or office. i would love to use my ipad pro, that i carry everywhere but the app is literally useless!!! please fix asap
good for on the go. good for on the o, definitely not the same as on the desktop, but pretty good app for most things you need to do quickly
. incredibly hard to unsubscribe, i have been paying for this app and do not need it after 2 years. i still cannot find the unsubscribe part on google play and have followed the useless instructions to do so. not happy.
total crap. this app doesn't work. it shows numbers which doesn't make sense, you can't rely on it. i just go to safari web and login to my quick books account. please change it if you can.
easy & convenient. love how easy it is to navigate the menu and do my business away from the computer.
quick books makes my life easier!. doing estimates and sending invoices is easier then ever!
rcborkert. so far this is a good program. a bit pricey. maybe they will make a better deal at the end of the term (year)
happy customer. i love this app.can do my invoices everywhere on my mobile or tablet.
typical intuit product. buggy, not awesome user experience. slow, lots of errors, doesn't work most of the time and no support. use freshbooks or something else if you care about running a business.
great app. love it real simple to use!!!
. xcelent.
terrible. glitchy. doesn't update new transactions. hard to navigate compared to desktop qbo app. honestly, intuit knows it can do better than this. they're just greedy.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
. i'm completely new to this app. because of that i might not know what to look for. but this makes starting up a business extremely easy. definitely plan on subscribing once the trial is up. 👍and would gladly suggest this app to anyone looking for this kind of help and ease.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
bugs & functions. fair but still a lot of bugs with tablets. mis more functions like crm programs. and would nice to have more control clients groups, commissions, as well as price list, like ,distributions, whole sale, or final client...
no multi currency = useless. i enabled multicurrency on my quickbooks account, which you can not revert once applied. and now i find that when i log into the app, it won’t show transactions or customers that use anything other than my base currency. useless. utterly useless.
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
qb online. very very good in all aspects of accounting. from home office or mobile app. you can do it all!
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
. was working ok then app was updated,. help centre can't give time to fix or troubleshoot to be able to use this whilst out on jobsites not happy at all costing money
bad user interface. the service doesn’t fully integrate with mobil usage. paying for the payroll service and can’t even use it. garbage, waste of money.
. compared with the apple version, the android version scrolling doesn't work
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
. very happy with it.
. really easy and all self employed services (invoicing, expense recording etc) in one place
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
. awesome app..
almost useless. the app is good for sending invoices only. don't expect to be able to do any other business on the app. the mobile site is about as good as healthcare.gov. you can look at some things but forget everything else. again good for sending invoices only. i expected more from a established company.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
". this app is trash, has me very upset won't let me add a bank account just keeps saying ""hmm connection error"". this is bs i just signed up for this service and won't let me connect your app sucks and most likely will seek a refund. have tried wifi, mobile, what the funk, not quick in my opinion..."
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
quickbooks = easy bookkeepping. love the mobile app, very easy to use. access accounts from anywhere, raise invoices, pay invoices. simplified bookkeeping!!
love it. so easy and confident love this app great for my freelance makeup business
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
clue live design. i'm a small business owner and pretty new on here too. since i have had quickbook payments i never receive any problem on the product via laptop, phone or ipad. i see the updates been give problem for others but it just work excellent for me.
. newer to the app, so still learning all the in and out of it. but easy to use
didn't work on my phone. doesn't set up on galaxy s7
. this is garbage
. works great to create sales receipts in the go and accept transactions into the register. have to do deposits on a computer. but love qbo for being able to use on all platforms.
easy and convenient. it actually made recordkeeping fun! and i can stay current instantly from my truck.
victoria. love this.
very easy and convenient!. i love having the mobile app. it makes it easy to enter transactions on the spot without having to stop and open up my computer to login.
". downloaded the app to be able to view estimates and invoices from phone while i'm away from my computer and someone calls wanting to know ""how much did we have in this job or that job"" well, the app is prettt useless when you have hundreds of estimates out and you're trying to find a particular one , but there is no ""search"" tool to look for what you're trying to find."
. best accounting app i've tried, much easier than kashflow for example
. this app is simple and really easy to use. makes my job way easier.
. great app, so easy to use
shiny, pretty and useless. the shinier they make it, the more confusing and unfriendly it gets. no reminders, no scheduled transactions and no searchable help. i have the ipad app to make accounting quick and easy when i travel not to have something new to learn.
. was working for a couple months. now i can longer link to my bank account and the app constantly freezes with either a blank screen or white screen. completely useless..
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time. it works great with my small business to easily access invoices as well as the payment logs.
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
missing functionality  registers updated. the app itself is pretty clean and easy to use. however it is missing some important functionality, namely registers. there is no access to your bank or credit card registers, or to check their respective balances... for a financial application, this is a major missing piece. here's hoping this will be added soon. update: this has been fixed. now waiting for making deposits...
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
much better after last update. this app came a long way, for canadians its now usable and competitive to the other services, it took a while but its very nice now.
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the phone app is all but useless.
"good app. quickbooks is just about perfect for my small business, one addition i would like is to be able to easily see a ""spend per customer"" button so i can easily add up the amount any repeat customer spend per yearmonth."
update the update, please.. i love this app. i use it every day, but the new update (4.5, released yesterday) will not let me record payments or save new invoices. it forces me to cancel each time, which doesn't save any changes made. please fix asap.
. great app
complete garbage. does nothing but give me an error when trying to sign in... fix your crap qb! followed your instructions to uninstall then reinstall.. still does the same thing...
new update issues. the previous update solved these issues, but this current update causes error messages with sales rep login whenever creating invoices, and also causes printing communication errors constantly.
whatsapp on iphone. the experience is very good with quick books on iphone. but it is not connecting directly to whatsapp while sending the invoice. the invoice have to be first downloaded into the folder and later it has to be sent.
great for small businesses. easy to use and track expenses, and income so when you get ready to file your taxes you have everything you need at your fingertips.
won't sign in, incorrect subscription error.. like the title says, can't login tells me my subscription may have expired. i can log in through website easily.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
just started with it.. can i attach a file to an invoice that i create with the app? i don’t see the option and we need to be able to do this or this appprogram won’t work for us.
crash. crashes each time i try to add a customer. i can't do anything with it now. iphone 6
user friendly  no need for anything else. this is an amazing app to use on all devices with my quickbooks online package. managing all aspects of my business from wherever i need it. highly recommended.
nothing quick about quick books. not easy and not quick. out of all the invoice apps i’ve used this has been the most awkward
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, dient handel banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
. jai presentement un bug. perdu les taxes
easy to use. really like the app because i can keep up with accounting on the go for my business.
. doesn't allow me to add my other business. i had to go to the website, add it, sign out of the app and back in again before it showed up. given the app has an setup business flow, you'd think they'd let you use this to add another.
. already pay for online subscription qb pro why do u charge for the mobile companion. rip off. software is already expensive. american greed!!!!
great to use on the go!. love this app. i use it alongside the website, this is on my phone. it's not as easy to navigate around as the website but it's not intended to use totally on its own. i love being able to send invoices whilst doing other things  really helps me to consolidate my time.
. lo ove it. load expenses with receipt easily
. i am able to organize my expenses.
stopped working after the update. this was working great until the software update last week. now i end up creating multiple copies of invoices and estimates and the app just freezes on the saving screen. i can only finish off by logging in through a web browser and completing the task. please fix this fast intuit!
. muito bom app!
crashes constantly. i hate the mobile app so much. i will be talking with a customer and try to pull up their account and then it will freeze and crash. the worst.
love it!. nuff said
can't see vendor activity. needs improvement. when a vendor is asking for info about payment, i can't see any of that info from the app. i have to go into the computer to look at vendor activity, which means i also need to be in a wifi location.
great app!. this is a great app! only reason for 4 instead of 5 is that there is restrictions to the app but not online. i do all my business from my phone so it would be great if the app was more adapted so i could do everything from my phone.
almost five star. the app is good, no crashes , only problem is that there has to be away to enter supplier bills , posted to accounts payable, not only as cash credit card payments
. would give 5 if... i could view an invoice after it has been paid. the information is incomplete
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
great app. great app
have to improve in customer support. an ok app for small business.. but horrible customer service.. first starters, you have to call them only during pacific time hours..? so i’m in delaware, which means, if i want to reach them i have to wait to get a live rep. then, their wait time is terrible.. 30+ minutes. ??? so one star for now.. once you guys improve in this area, i’ll be glad to recommend and change rating...
does everything i need it to do. the app is easy to use and does everything i need it to do.
. great app! use this to manage my small business finances. everything you need in one place. also accept payment directly through the app! recommend this to every business owner.
ouickbooks. setting up this quickbooks app is a joke , the system does not work and customer support has an attitude that is not willing to help!
. keeping on track with my biz for the first time ever really! i wish there was the ability to add a pic for expenses in the memo part on the mobile app tho. edit, figured it out, dope~!
great app. this app is great and it supports an even greater cloudbased accounting programme, i wish i had started to use it sooner. it is making my life so much easier.
. revising my review from a 5 star to just 2 stars. i feel the android app provides very basic functionality. you cannot access the vendor data. any new products added will be default be considered as services, hence you cannot capture cost, inventory account, etc... it would be much helpful if you can access basic reports on the app too.
". refreshing bank transactions doesn't work. after refresh and upade still say "" ! error 22 days ago"". causes double entry after entering expenses manually by no refreshing and posting them. doesn't refresh bank data."
. quickbooks makes it so easy to keep track of expenses, invoices, payments, mileage... everything really. i'm glad i chose this over the other options.
. signed up to app. no clear pricing. my invoice had vat numbers all over it but i'm not vat registered. seems impossible to take vat number off invoices. customer service very slow and hard to get though to. no tel number.
i rely on online sync with my external banks. i'm disappointed the subscription i pay for is not mobile. i imagine it would take a lot of programming to include sync on mobile tablets but if it's already hosted on the server, why no access? i'm not a architect but i imagine outsourcing the sync hardware off the tablet you could get your current transactions on mobile . maybe i'm crazy
great app. convenient. quickbooks app is very easy to use and makes tracking expenses quick and easy.
. love the ease of the software
. great app. easy too use
update google signin never works. update: quickbooks support contacted me. i uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it works now.  i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google signin. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
. good app
great idea, poor execution.. intuit needs to hire better programmers. if they could just make it possible to see transactions within a report it would be so much better
. this app has made tracking my expenses a breeze , now i don't have a big pile of receipts because i enter everything as i go
can't find internet?. every time i try to log in i get an error message that there is no internet to connect to which is bull. it's on my cell phone so there's wifi and data. very disappointed.
doesn't work. every time (every single time) i try to use the app (on my galaxy s7), it throws an error. it has never worked one time. i login and it throws an error.
"enjoying quickbooks online. easy to use interface and they are frequently updating features. my only complaint is that sometimes when searching for sent invoices it won't recognize, for example 74, when it's ""invoice 2015074"""
doesn't work!. it hardly used to work, now it doesn't work at all. my boss is constantly on me for missing invoices, well i can't make them because the app doesn't work! crashes immediately when i try to open it. when it does open, it will let me sign in then give me an error.
. they did a great job on this app. it's easy to use and i'm able to do all of my invoicing on my phone or tablet.
. amazing. intuitive. simple to use. love it.
. this is not the full quick book experince togo, maybe if you only sell 5 products and dont need to go through and verify invoices. for me this is usless, full features or no go.
quickbooks online. does everything i need without problems.
. quickbooks lover for years so app is right for me
user friendly. this app is simple to use, easy to grasp, and professional in presentation.
nifty app!. i really enjoy using quickbooks mobile app. can't get to the laptop or pc? no worries. i can work as i go. love it! love the layout too!
. when it comes to converting an estimate to an invoice or processing transactions, the app experience is excellent and even preferred to the desktop version. smooth and easy to learn.
. would like to be able to send invoices
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
nice app that works well!!. works well, well thought out and presented. helps me day to day for sure!!
great for both business and personal use. i have both complex personal and business financials and quickbooks is the best product i have used to date to track both. there is a bit of a steep learning curve to use it, but once you learn the software it is very powerful.
horrible app.. when the app is down more than few times a month, it's not convenient especially when you have to hand write the invoice and than redo on qb later on , it's frustrating when this becomes an every week story.
self employment. great app
they do not fix bugs at all.. constant new annoying bugs that have been around for years now. i have written multiple times to help make them aware, now i have been writing complaints and still no fixes. am literally logging into the app every single time i open it. i have to use this app for my work. no choice. but if you have a choice then you should choose literally any other app. this company is terrible.
simple and easy.. great program, easily accessible. this program does seem a touch too simplified, and an enterprise version that runs and feels like this would be great.
. easy to use. the only reason i did give it five stars was because you can't add custom fields to the customer data.
works great for me!. i love this app! it is nice to be able to create invoices, accept payments, and email invoices on the spot. no more waiting to get back to my computer for data entry.
too many errors to count. i’ve been using mint for years and love it. this software on the other hand is terrible. save yourself the frustration and use anything else.
mobile app. not happy. i am on the phone with support everyday. won't print on app or on chrome. they don't know what to do. this mobile is worthless to me. i don't have time for this!
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
very pleased. very happy
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
bad update. can no longer accept credit card payments. keep getting error code 6000. tech support advised this is a known issue but no eta on fix. please revert back to previous version.
invoicing easy. easy for invoicing etc, but less intuitive for expenses and linking accounts etc. especially as it will or allow me to sync my main business account!!!
business owner. used desktop for years and now after switching to imac and iphones this app is perfect and couldn't be easier. recommend this to anyone looking for an accounting app.
. this app runs silently in the background and tracks your vehicle movement. it used 47 gigs of data in two months.
quickbooks lies again. this app does not track mileage as advertised
. awesome app. makes running my business so much easier when i am on the go!
feed. need to be able to change from sales receipt to invoice without canceling and starting over. would also be nice if every few months we didn’t have to delete and reinstall
finger print touch does not work. generally ok, not impressive. please fix problem with finger print touch open feature. i keep trying and it will only work one time. i'm still being asked for password.
user friendly. this app is so nice when i am out and about getting good items for our business i can input them right then and there. i don't have to come home a do it, sometimes i forget then i get unorganized and have missing receipts that i later find. i love this app.
very limited!. i prepare weeks of invoices on my desktop for my 3 crews. unfortunately the online version rarely finds the invoices, and i end up having to go back to the old way of exporting pdf invoices. i feel like the desktop has so many flaws already, and the app is basically a worse version. i expect more from a legit company, but maybe i'm asking too much.
. it's a great app
convenient. great app now i can do the books from anywhere
so far. i like the app, the only problem is i can't add my income i can't figure out how on my android please help, so i can give it 5 stars
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
user friendly. come from using myob. quickbooks is easy to use, calculates gst, bas and invoices. highly recommend.
great app for small business. simple easy to set up and use on the road.
. great app, easy to use, very helpful to track your expenses
. i'm amazed by how much i can do quickly in the app, but the number of touches it takes to switch back and forth between screens gets old fast. the app dies every time i switch to a different app to look up a piece of information, and when i start the app back up, it has completely forgotten what screens i was last in.
expenses. how do add an expense thats on a 30 or 60 day account?
absolutely love it! best business accounting app. great mobile online app tool that syncs with your online quickbooks on both mac and pcs. is everything that you could ever want or need for bookkeeping, accounting, invoicing and estimates.
great app and the best accountancy system so far.. i've tested many different products from competitors and quick books is the best so far. i've used online version first and then downloaded mac app which is quite fast to use. mobile app works seamlessly with both and its great business tool. i don't really understand other negative reviews and people having issues with software. please make sure you're using latest updated version of the app and your ios. thanks matt
. origionally i wanted to use this app for easy application of spreadsheets and invoices, unfortunately when everything wasn't working out for me, i decided to pull the plug and cancel my subscription. unfortunately, it is hard to get a cancellation and stop the reoccurring payments and it has brought me here. i would recommend that you guys make it easier for others to manage your subscription accounts.
mac's tint. just started with quickbooks, so far so good 😊👍
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
. quickbooks online helps my company operate from my truck & my house it is very easy to use & once you get the hang of it organizing my business for my accountant it helps in ways i can't explain
. quickbooks technical support is very bad and technical support dont know about how to customised form of bill and showing in their theam but donot show in my bill how to solve it thay don't know ..... and my network speed is 5mbps but opening quick books need time 10  20 minutes to open ... i don't recommend any one for supscription or purchase .... this is a overall very slow software
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
. sometimes an app or service gets worse with time. this is one of them. it is stupidly expensive and incredibly unintuitive. please fix the random sign in and sales receipt bug and improve the ui or i will find another product.
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
. this app is very useful for preparing and sending quotes and invoices on the go. so if i'm out of the office for the day, i can get work done.
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
i love it. quickbooks makes so many things easier
. as a company you are charging too much to have such a lousy application. you can't make any invoices with android phones, it keeps giving me 'error' messages even after uninstalling and installing it a couple of times.
. user friendly
thankful. i'm so thankful for quickbooks. i'm still learning a lot about it, but i don't think i would not survive without it. i started a small business 1 yr ago. i love the app! i'm always on the go and can access it from anywhere. highly recommended by us @ the hygienist helper, llc!
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
ease of use. simple and intuitive. makes it easy to review accounts on the go and create invoices onsite.
one of the best accounting software.. very good and well made accounting software. very easy and friendly to use. the things i especially like about this application is that i can book an expense on the go through the mobile app and i can access this accounting software from anywhere and on any device!!
. can't log in, useless!
amazing!. this app undoubtedly helps running multiple businesses on the road possible! when i finally switched my businesses from desktop to online there were a few things missing. i wrote a few complaints and spoke with their development team...few short months later...boom! additions were made! one if which is being able to switch businesses within the app. definitely much easier than logging in and out all the time.
. hi, is there any option for download ar sheet inexcel on mobile app. kindly let us know.
app need more functionality. it would be great if we can do transfers and journals on the quickbooks app.
only a trial. would have been nice to know it was a trial only, i saw the in app purchase option but no where did it say trial.
pretty good. love that i can enter payments wherever i am. don't love that i can't easily see my account transactions.
. great app i love it
. very disappointed, missing 6 months of transactions from my bank, tried to fix it as i was instructed to but couldn't, you can't get someone to speak to, no customer service. big joke, i don't recommend it to anyone
. very efficient and works great on my tablet.
no employee section. this app contains nothing to help your employees, only the business manager. quick books could’ve at least added support for timesheets and such since they no longer allow you to save your timesheet in mobile browsers.
simply doesn't work. my companies all use qb online. i access it via browser almost daily. this app routes me to an advertisement to switch to qb online, even if i use the admin credentials. i'll assume it's something with all of my accounts and not a shameless advertising plug.
"soooo slow. i have been using this app for about three years , and it was very functional and useful, but now, almost every time i open it, it says ""downloading data,"" and stays there... for 35 minutes doesnt matter whether my phone is on wifi or cell coverage. i hope they fix this bug."
. terrible. my bank account will not sync and support refuse to contact me. no transactions show up other than the ones that appeared the first time i downloaded this app. definitely not worth paying for the full version.
. good app. always improving.
lots of errors.. there are a lot of bugs with qbo, and my accountants have noted errors in the reports. apparently qb is aware but haven't resolved the issues. we have also had numerous glitches in the program  including not being able to log into our account (only being able to log into my accountant's page). this issue has been ongoing for over 18 months without resolution. overall qbo has great potential if it only worked properly.
doesn't support timesheet entry. i have an account through my employer that is only used to enter timesheet information. this works great through the quickbooks online website from my pc, but when i try to log in through the app it tells me that i do not have a quickbooks online subscription.
. exceptional experience and great customer service.
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
the essential app. who thought being on top of your accounts would be so much fun. benefit from the experience of the pioneers. you will be impressed to see how easy it is to use. trial this and you will thank your self for doing so.
so good.... love qbo! makes doing bookkeeping in the fly so easy and allows me to capture expenses on the spot!
"error. i dont even understand why massage always popup said ""failed to connect with server"" when everytime tried to login using this app..send several of email to support team but theres no answer n solution..please do something i am a quickbooks online plus subscriber.."
c'mon man. still won't let you attach items. ...... please fix!
. they make it very confusing to cancel your subscription. i've been playing around eith my account for 30 mins and still can't find where to cancel my account and not get charged by them. i swear i'm not stupid either. also half the pages don't load when i need them.
. super easy to use. simple and efficient. perfect small a smallside business.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
awesome. i love how simple it is to create an invoice on the go. this app is definitely essential for any small business owner.
best thing i did for my business. very easy to learn and work with. now i can make invoices on my phone, tablet or computer and get paid fast. plus it is easy to pay employees and keep track
it's broke :(. wonderful app, latest update has caused many issues, including signing in with fingerprint or app code. have to do a full sign in each time with email and loooooong password. hope they can fix soon! 😩😖😤
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
. perfect! never have an issue & do not plan ever going to a different kind of software.
iphone 7. ios 12.2. the app was okay with its limits. but now it won’t even open my company profile.
. the app is fantastic everything works well little exhausting to set accounts and banking but once everything is done and working it's very efficient and my customers can get their invoices very quickly plus in my electrical construction business.
. so far total garbage app. i connected my app to my qb online account. i opened the app. snapped 3 receipts. camera worked well isolating the receipts. after that totally useless. despite a new tab appearing in my banking section online i cannot find the receipt copies in either the app or online. i really needed one to return a product. qb cs of no help.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
mr. doesn't work on ipad pro or iphone. it says my subscription has expired. i have had it for several years and it still works on macbook but on ios it thinks i am on a free trial until 13th april but still locks me out saying i need to update my subscription. it is useless to me if it won,t work on ipad because i photograph all my receipts into the app. will cancel subscription if it doesn't work soon.
hard to use. i recommend the version you load on your own computer. this is unwieldy
good but needs more. i wish i can record bills in the expences area, and on the banking it will be nice to be able to do transfers, and deposits. other than that this app is been working ok for me.
. now, can't even access some of my clients from the app. i have sent the error logs several times to intuit, but no response. it keeps getting worse. lacking the fingerprint option to login. also, accepting transactions from bank feed in android not as smooth as it is in iphone. app starts freezing after accepting a few transactions. additionally, progressive invoicing does not work in the app. should make it more useful for accountants though, adding bank reconciliations capability would help.
a complete joke.. the quickbooks ipad app is pointless. the it team who did it either ripped you off, or, you asked for something ridiculously cheap and the it team delivered exactly what you paid for.
. propaganda enganosa falava qu e o aplicativo estava media de 13 reais fiz a assinatura sem o primeiro mês de teste já quererem cobrar quase 49 reais não quero isso por favor cancele. além de não dar para usar um aplicativo tão complicado agora anuncia um valor barato depois cobra mais de 3 vezes esse valor. cancele não quero. nem usei. instalei hoje e já estou desinstalando.
. most used app on my phone
. this app is not syncing my data from last 15 days. even support team is not responding with resoultion
works great. i love the syncing between all my apple devices. since adding the touch id it's more easy access and conduct business.
whatsapp on iphone. the experience is very good with quick books on iphone. but it is not connecting directly to whatsapp while sending the invoice. the invoice have to be first downloaded into the folder and later it has to be sent.
mr. brilliant accountancy software,simple to use in the office or on the go.
not good.. application works well on my iphone , won't work at all on my nexus 6p? won't open at all. send several notes to developers and nothing yet needs a update
a & e blue dreams inc.. excellent app. i like it....
i'm trying the app now i have a question. can i acess from a pc too? or is it only for the phone?
easy for new users. i have a virtual operations management consulting company & use qb for invoicing accounting. i find it simple to create, send & receive payment from my clients & recommend them to use it as well.
. it works great on my phone, and tablet. i'd recommend it to other people that use quickbooks if it could be used. i use it constantly, but would use it all the time with a tablet. it sometimes has issues with launching. i've had reinstallrelaunch several times.
. want to cancel my subscription doesn't even tell me how.
worked awesome until latest update. just says error every time i log in. worked great before update however.
hideous to use on smartphones. before accessing, must always get email code, and switching screens hides quickbooks application. then, can't access checking account balances. very typical of a quickbooks experience.
. still relatively new to quickbooks, but the more i use it the more i like it. the mobile app is proving to be a huge benefit!
kicks me out. i'm a try to load customize it kicks me right out maybe it's because i have a demo i don't know but it doesn't entice me to buy it.
. keeps crashing when entering receipts. it's infuriating. updated review 6 months later still crashes when splitting an expense. tried deleting the cache. it's useless.
tricked. had to provide all my email and phone information before being told it was a free trial, felt tricked, if you want to save money doing your books you don't want to pay for an app to help you, just learn to do it yourself for free
. awesome app
. account function is good . but technical support & help customer service is poor, not responding. wrost app
. easier to send invoices via the app than it is on the computer. only flaw is i can't enter a negative number for discounts but that could just be my phone and not the app. overall i highly recommend it for anyone.
crashes on open. useful app until this update. it crashes on open, both on ipad and iphone. cannot do business this way...
productivity. love all the intuit products. helps run my business professionally. been able to do my own scorp taxes and payroll for a couple years now. saving me thousands over a cpa and payroll company like in previous years. business owner now for 26 years
. its a big help sending invoices
all that you need at the same app. great app, easy to navigate
. i was asked to update which i did and now it won't open
crashes upon opening. do not install. keep your prior version until they fix this. upon updating the app no longer will open. i called quickbooks and they said it must be a known issue then.
. i use quickbooks on a daily basis and having a mobile app makes my job so much easier!! you can do anything on the app that you can on the computer. i'll continue to use this great service and app for my business.
"too many free apps for me to pay for this service!!. if they are a ""top developer"" then make a free version with limited functionality for basic users like myself and a full subscription app for small business owners like your competitors do."
. the update sucks
. does every thing i need it to do, and i can do it on my phone. so easy to navigate. wouldn't want to run my business without it.
owner. i actually have never written a review for an app, and i've had an every iphone since the 3gs, i read the first review for this app and was so disgusted at the panning i just had to write one in support. i have a small business and use this every day! it's great, well designed and very user friendly. i run a carpet cleaning company and run basically every part of my business with this app.
أفضل برنامج محاسبة للشركات الصغيرة. من أفضل برامج المحاسبة سهولة في الإستخدام إصدار الفواتير إصدار إيصالات إستلام المبيعات مركز بيانات للعملاء إصدار تقارير شهرية وسنوية جميع النشاطات حساب الميزانية العامة للشركة مزامنة البيانات مع حسابك إمكانية الدخول من الكمبيوتر الشخصي  ماك  ويندوز وغيره الكثير شكراً لكم على هذا البرنامج الرائع
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
quick book app works amazing!!. love using the app for my tree company lets me be on the road and make up invoices.
. awful, just awful. will log me in then never actually connects to my qb account. utter crap. make a product that works before advertising it on tv.
touch id fail. qb  please fix the touch id feature. it's useless.
. great if your a plumber and on the go all day
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go but would love to have the actual versus budget comparison on the dashboard instead of having to bring up a report.
not syncing correctly. the sync with their merchant services is not consistent. sometimes invoices are automatically matched and other times they art not. this leads to not easily identifying open or past due invoices with customers which can be challenging.
. looks good in theory... bit hard to use and not real keen on all the permissions....
solved my invoicing problems. now i can invoice quickly from anywhere. then track and record payments. very simple yet powerful. love the mobility.
. this app is horrible. why make something so bad? it needs a complete overhaul. i can't email receipts to an inbox, income transactions don't show gst amount like expenses, i can't view pdf receipts. it's just all round ugly and cumbersome and i've only used it for five minutes. i thought the xero app was bad but it's 5 stars compared to this trash. deleted.
. one of my favorite apps this app is so convenient. i have the ability to check my book anywhere at anytime.
. never works. every time i log in there is always some technical difficulty. makes having an app for a busy business extremely hard. l
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
great app, continues to get better. best decision i ever made for my business was moving to qb online. saves a ton of time being able to conduct business on the fly.
useless app. takes forever or even never to load
. awesome app
highly recommended!!. makes it so easy to run my business from anywhere. definitely worth setting up if your out n about all the time or not to tech savvy. simple to use, there is tons of tutorials on their website.
. its ok. but yet to improve to being a user friendly.
. love it. customer service is fabulous. it just keeps improving!
love it. easy to use and understand. have recommended it to everyone i know. great app.
. works we so far. just started using it. i like that i can create and send invoices from my phone.
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
useless app. used to a quickbooks user a couple of years ago, and it was ok then, but now i have recently returned and find it rubbish. a simple thing like adding a company address is turning out to be an impossible task. total waste of my time. it you are a small business using the app via iphone or ipad forget it. stay away
no activity?. none of my vendors have any activity (transactions) available within this app. almost rendering it completely useless in our business.
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
. quickbooks accounting app is convenient an easy to navigate.
". worst backend support ever! the engineers are unable to resolve a simple ""save"" feature which is a necessity in all softwares. and when they cannot resolve, they just shut you off by sending you a thank you email. waste of time and money. unreliable and lousy support try it at your own risk"
fantastic app with room for improvement. this is a really great app allowing you to perform your data entry while on the move. however, i really wish u could of saved your electronic signature and that it was available for the web app. the bills feature is also missing from the mobile app.
last update killed this app. i can't even.... will wait for the next update g to then i can't use it.
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
best app ever. i am a tech on the go , and we made the switch from paper invoicing to quick books online. i cannot tell you how much this app saves me on time and frustration , everything is there at the tip of your finger. thanks intuit for making my work that much easier!
. thank you for streamliningthe company... accessto everything on all devices makes it even easier!
. it sucks scam!!! so i tried quickbooks just for hel,p i got logged out of the app and now i have to pay $400 just to restart my password other companies are free.
wonderful app. this is a great way to keep books. thank you.
great support but app is flawed. i have several companies setup on one login. this was done by qb themselves but it keeps crashing, stalling or telling me there is a fault. also don't choose 'other' as business type as list of income and expenditure categories is massively reduced and you will have to add the ones you want manually. customer service is excellent but i shouldn't need to know this!
ok but frustrating. doesn't do as much as online version. lots of error messages when downloading bank data. poor customer service, not responsive when errors flagged.
excelente aplicación. muy completa, fácil de usar.
. i want & need a 5 star but i cannot get any kind of help with my issue , which is i cannot get my invoices to go out via gmail. help!
. awsome. able to do almost everything on my phone. i literally only use my phone and have done just fine. have only had to use a computer for some settings but other than that it's wonderful. easy to operate . 👌
seems good so far!. i just downloaded the app, however for what i use qb for, this app is perfect and will definitely make my time more efficient. i am always on the go and handwrite all checks. from what i can see, you can quickly enter checks written (and even take a picture) and also manage your online banking. which is perfect for my needs.
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
. this app works perfectly for making and sending invoices, addingediting new items, reviewing bills, etc. i haven't figured out how to download an invoice as a packing slip...sometimes i need that function, so have to go to my computer.
live it a lot. convenient and simple
crashes when downloading. crashes when downloading after initial setup. have not been able to use app. disappointing.
best bookkeeping and accounting software. quickbooks is the best bookkeeping and accounting software that is to be found. i highly recommend it!
. i though it would be difficult. once it's set up, it's a breeze. the importing of bank transactions really makes things easier.
pretty good. i'm a musician. very convenient for tracking my business. would be even better if it tracked mileage to and from my gigs. then perhaps a report on that too. otherwise, great!
bull. don't work. won't let u log inn. all bullshit. i'll stick to the one that works. invoice to go
tonya pitchford. app and product are useless for my particular business. very hard to deal with, fees are high
h2a solutions. best way to invoice my customers
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
. it works very well for me i've been able to track my work alot easier
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
. useless app. waste of money. lousy support. subscribe at your own risk. i am cancelling mine
. when it comes to converting an estimate to an invoice or processing transactions, the app experience is excellent and even preferred to the desktop version. smooth and easy to learn.
tons of bugs and glitches. there are lots of glitches and lack of features in this app. the vendor transaction history is spotty, many vendors and missing history all together. profit and loss report doesn’t scroll. can’t see the true checkbook register of checks that are written out but haven’t yet cleared. it’s really not very good.
highest return on investment expense i declared as an llc. i honestly believe that quickbooks has help me get to where i am today! i am proactive and proud!
has its benefits.. very nice to write an invoice on the go. but need more invoice templates for the app version. online you can switch templates, need to be the same in the app. effective once you learn the app. not perfect by any means.
not working. great app when it works which is 1% of the time between it crashing and freezing i cringe every time i have to use it on the road
great app. this app helps tremendously! great work and thank you for making book keeping so simple.
. good but could be great i tend to use the app just to get a summary. would like it to have more of the features that qbo.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
. app filho da p#@.. n sai da parte de criar conta
. love the program, but still new to it, and ned to learn more about it.
. not sure if emailing invoices work. so far real cool.
good but............... this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
great app but one major flaw. overall this is a fantastic app that allows me to keep up on my books. there is one thing that is extremely annoying though.. the camera and auto crop feature is terrible! please don't assume my images need to be cropped because the tool cuts off the image most of the time. maybe make this optional?
the best business app ever!. i have been in business for nine years and have been using quickbooks desktop. i am now using the online and it is great so happy that i made the switch. works well with ipad and can do my work right on the site! thanks for the great work! ray's home improvement,llc
. excellent app. i've been self employed for many years but have only starting using quickbooks recently and it saves me so much time...
one of the best accounting software.. very good and well made accounting software. very easy and friendly to use. the things i especially like about this application is that i can book an expense on the go through the mobile app and i can access this accounting software from anywhere and on any device!!
. terrible service. automated systems will keep hitting your bank account causing all kinds of problems. be ware giving them access to your bank info
very easy to use and good app. very easy to use and good app
good program. qb online is very accessible
brian burke. very user friendly!
no bank rec?. how do i get bank rec. myob n xero do
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
love quickbooks. we have a small business and quickbooks is so simple and straightforward to use, it saves us so much time, and i can write and send invoices straight from my phone! love it.
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
no support for timesheets. also no custom reports
subscription error. while i love the program, it had cancelled my subscription and won't let me do anything. get this fixed and you'll be back up to 5 stars.
don't bother. been using qb desktop for years. disapointed in the sasmobile version. mobile app is slow and frequently fails to load at all. not much functionality at all besides creating invoices. checking account balances or customer ar is not worth the bother on mobile app. this is an ok solution. i bet there are better options available than qb mobile app.
esd works well needs one more feature. works well for the features that it offers could be better with if it included pictures for invoice transfer to portfolio
simple.. i'm a 30 yr old first time entrepreneur and small business owner. i wish i had paid a little bit more attention in that intro to accounting course in undergrad. but the beauty of qb is someone like me can get up to speed pretty quickly. what i love about intuit's products is they simplify your life, and qb makes keeping accurate and precise books very gratifying.
easy and efficient!. the app serves perfectly to capture transactions on the go, snap a pic and enter amount and accounts then review later if needed on a computer. simple, some people expect this to be fully functional for some reason; if you need a fully functional program then you really should have the appropriate expenses towards computers and software anyways. this app makes the book keeping process easy as cake for clients and the accountant.
quickbooks. super easy to use! i was able to backlog and bring my business up to speed with quickbooks within a few hours after downloading quickbooks! operating the app is fun and accessible!
crashes no bill of lading. missing two things, send invoices by text message and create bill of lading
. great app
saving issues. a lot of problems with saving customer information or updating invoice. also have problems updating information after it has been saved.
absolutely fantastic!. this app is incredible. having been using for 6 months, and it has revolutionised the way we are able to do business. so easy to setup, use and understand. i highly recommend to anyone that needs an easy orderinvoicesales system for their business.
michael. great for my business nice to alter estimates and convert to invoice on the job, why do you need acsess to phone and gps
super app. very satisfy with demo. app looks and works super but expensive! :(
great app. first time business owner and have to say it's a great way to stay organized
love online access. i love that i can access from anywhere. i like the desktop version better than the online version, but still a good program for a small business.
. 30day trial
. user friendly
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
qb app. excellent app is very funcional
very useful. i use it every day for my business.
serious billing issues.. the app started out wonderful. i could do anything i needed on the fly, then my monthly renewal came along. my card had expired, so i had to update my info and resubmit, not a big deal. it has been 8 days and they say they can't do anything about it, except convert me over to intuit billing, which is almost $10 more a month. i would not recommend using this until they get things figured out with apple billing.
best financial app for nonfinance people. the most user friendly, cutting edge, accessible and collaborative financial app you can find which is affordable and does the job with least amount of financial knowledge.
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
much help. other then the normal bugs, this program works well and is easy to work with. nothing in this life is perfect but they strive to make it so. thank you staff of quick books. keep up the good work. peace & blessings.
. why are you advertising this app when you're not servicing in india.
editing invoices on the go!. i love it! when life is such a bustle and you need to create an estimate or invoice for customers, quickbooks makes it easy to do.
needs improvement. with every update the app gets worse and worse. not mention the desktop online even worse the ios app
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
easy to use, even for a newbie!. great app. easy to use, even for someone with little accounting knowledge.
. user friendly
what happened?. this app used to work perfectly. after the last update i can't use it how i used too. if they do not fix it soon i am going to have to look into other options
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
. really handy app, does what it says on the tin lol
quickbooks online. there are a few little glitches between phone tablet and desktop but all in all it's a great program saves time works really well for customers send an email to confirm payment is nice adding a customer in your phone does not work but as long as i use the administrator adding names as i go it works well in the field
it works ok...but, be warned!!. they state 25 business days for payments to clear to your bank account, truth is it typically takes 510 days and way longer if payments are more than a few thousand dollars. they make you wait on your $ while they snag a chunk of interest on your funds. it’s been almost 12 months and we’ve decided to go back to square for their faster processing.
user friendly. easy to use!
. it's a great app but needs to simplify some processes.
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
. it takes a working knowledge of what this app is capable of doing to fully grasp how useful it is. i am learning more every time i use it.
customer service & support sucks. go with freshbooks instead.
crash. latest update causes app to crash on loading.
so much effort!!. downloaded this to try and make my life easier but setting it up is so much hassle!! can't add my bank account for some reason though i believe i'm typing the right details in  zero replies to my emails for help and whenever i've called for help i end up speaking to someone who obviously has no clue about the app for 30 mins  why is it so difficult?! don't bother.
great app. so easy for me to bill from anywhere.
good, getting better. not all of the functionality that i want but features are being added. very useful for seeing what's happening.
". checked this app out to see if it was good for my business. i was charged 7.99 for a ""free"" 30 day trial. decided it wasnt the right app for me. thanks for the 2 days i used it and was charged for. awesome!! (insert sarcasim here)"
brilliant, simple and seamless. i've been a big fan of qb for the past 10 years or more...and now that the system is online and in app format...it's all so easy and user friendly...very intuitive. you have to have this.
so so. the app is not the greatest. i've worked with better.
. very simple and easy to use. great for on the move banking, recieving, and invoicing.
needs better support. i thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
time tracker missing. the online version is friendlier then the online desktop version, but all in all a great app. one thing missing is the time tracker. would be great to be able to track your time spend on a project and book it to an invoice.
great app. awesome
. qbo much improved over original launch product, and tge app has brought qbo up.to date. i love the ability to upload receipts tgat immediately sync with qbo and match to vendorsexpenses. qbos ability to have multiple ysrs working simultaneously is huge . realtime collaboration with my bookkeeper and accountant is now easy. no more thirdparty file sharing apps and concerns about version control. with the app i can now monitor financials on the fly. highly recommend!
. like it so far. i'll give update late if anything changes
amazing!. i have used everything but quick books because of the price point mostly but because of a coupon code i received i decided to give it a shot and i don’t know why i didn’t start here in the first place. thank you guys so much, it has made my life so much easier!
. half the time things don't work and some people can't pay their invoices. keeps loading the page. looking for a better payment processing company. i pay over $4900 yearly for fees and $12 monthly. just not worth it.
no multi currency in app. there is no multi currency function in the ipad app making it useless for entering overseas travel expenses.
sync problema.... does not sync transactions with business bank and credit card unless you login to the quicbooks website...i have to login to the website all the time to use the app..what good is the app..disappointed that such a well funded company can have such a poorly developed app
. the newest update has completely wiped all of my information. i cannot see any content at all whatsoever on the app. i use this for everything. horrible
. like others have stated, this was a great app until the last update. after a few tweaks the app is up & running fine now. every so often it will ask for me to log on again even though i just used it. other than that it works fine.
. make sure you know what services they provide, as customer support likely knows less than you do.
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
handy app. useful when adding info onsite. can be a little confusing to tell if the data you are working on is current, or needs refreshing.
crashes. this app fails all the time, i keep having to reinstall to log in.
new horizons glass wa. works great. do all my bidding and estimates with this app.
. very unreliable. get frequent errors trying to edit expenses. ui is clunky and errors all over the place. i don't trust the numbers on the expenses either. actually, the expenses are completely wrong. literally doubled versus the website. what a joke.
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me. still good!
no purchase order function!?. had to edit comment because the replier only read the title and not the content. cannot place pos with vendors. can only add expenses but can't place pos with vendors...
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. great tool for our business. definitely makes life easier!
integrated desktop platform. i wish they made a desktop software and qbo for mobile. not qbo for all.
very useful. would like to be able to send statements.
not easy to do it all on app. find trying to complete and send vat return a headache. also we use coop bank doesn’t tie up with qb nor does it with starling business bank
convenient. works great. i love that i can keep track and update transactions wherever i am.
lacking bank register. i don't really touch the other features, i'm solely interested in coding bank transactions when i have a few minutes spare. cannot be done via this app.
won't save receipts. try to record receipts in expenses, just get error message. called the number the message had, person they don't offer support for mobile devices or their app.**** update i did as you requested the day you requested and to date have not heard back from your staff. same issue with samsung 10.1 tablet and s6 phone.
very good app. good
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
truck driver. love this app. i'm able to do all my invoicing from my phone and don't need no printer
. cant even login. keeps telling me to restart app amd try again
president. this is a great app to use wherever you are. it actually works better on my ipad better than my computer in my office. i completely recommend this app and quick books for any small business owner. love it!!!
. not easy to work with and cost. can't recommend.
. quickbooks online has been an invaluable management tool for my small business. i give professional estimates for services & am able to create invoices, receive payment, & track income, expenses, etc.
game changer. changed the way i handle my business transactions. from a simple to complex my invoices and estimates are presentable, traceable and accounted for. my reports help me secure loans in a flash. and my accountant loves me.
good but............... this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
. great app. for on the go. can sync with any device.
can't add or view expenses. the expenses option is not available! so why to have this app then?
. love the app feature! i'm getting work done on the bus!!!
poor. need to put password in every time i start can't write a service invoice and an amount
refund made impossible. i’ve been making payment on this stupid app not using it at all. there’s no easy way to refund or unsubscribe this stupid app. who do i bring the attention to since quickbook site says they have nothing to do with the billing and subscription?
. sending invoices from my phone is super easy and i love it.
. very happy with this program an app hats off to u for such an awesome buisness solution
opens the closes. after the last update of quick books i can not access it on my ipad. there for it is costing me money. i hit the app it opens the closes right back. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it is the same thing. i have 3 jobs i did today that i could not take payment on because of this. please fix asap
"no timesheets?. has no access to entering time or reviewing my employees time and expenses. entering and reviewing time and expenses are the only things i need on the go. it shows me summaries, but im never going to be away from my desk and all of a sudden need to check the ""big picture"""
can't add or view expenses. the expenses option is not available! so why to have this app then?
ios 11 not ready? lot of bugs and crashes. every time i’m make a new invoice it crashes and take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
pdf note on ipad. why can't we add a pdf note on ipad app. i can do it by accessing desktop version on ipad. but it's a pain doing it that way. the writing in the download box. the ipad wants to copy that. instead of accessing icloud or other cloud options. it takes several trys to do it that way. it would be simpler to add that option to the app. come on guys keep up with the technology. quit lagging behind.
not reliable on weekends or holidays. times when i have to work on weekends or holidays i have the most issues logging in and being able to invoice customers. there is also times when i can’t login during the week, i’m guessing due to quickbooks working on servers! wish i could install as a program on my tablet instead of a app or still be able to use offline to print an invoice and receipt
love quickbooks. this is the best accounting software there is. quickbooks makes my life so much easier and running my business is so much smoother with the available accounting options!
game changer. been using the desktop version for over a decade. now that i’m using qbo along with the mobile app i feel like i have been living in the dark ages! this is simple, useful, powerful and most importantly convenient! no more keeping up with paper receipts and forgetting to keep track of purchases.
. this app does not get sign in its just waste of time not getting sign in
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. quickbooks please make it so there's the option of where payments are deposited on sale receipts for the android app as its available on ios. other than that is not a bad app.at all. 👍🏼. still waiting for the option on android of where funds are deposited.
honestly i would rate this app 0!. app doesn't work at all, getting error every time i'm trying to login. no respond from team during a week! just stay away of it!!! if you think that your advice to reinstall would help  you are wrong! i did it already couple if times before your advise finally came in. this app just doesn't work and i wouldn't spent more time for it!!!!!! stay away of it!!!
fair at what it does. still lacks time entry, which remains a problematic task for new and occasionally seasoned employees using our tablets on the shop floor since qbo time entry mode does not support mobile browsers and uses a antiquated interface. can not issue or do anything with po's. will not refresh bank data (from bank).
good app and getting better. really good features and helps when you are on the run. new reporting and features have been added which gives you quick company snapshots whilst you are away from the office
business owner. qb app is so hard to use and is different on every device. if you lose connection while creating an estimateinvoice etc. you will lose all info imputed and have to reenter everything again
like. loving the app!! thank you!!
so far so good.. love the app. i think it's great any time i can give an estimate, invoice on the road. thanks.
. unfriendly interface need to load inventory data on invoice costs profits etc no facility
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
*terrible app*. do not take the chance with this program its flawed at best and is only designed to take as much money off you for as long as possible. it has multiple errors all the time. find something for better value and don’t pout it in control of your business because when it fails you have no control whatsoever.
. does everything i want it to
broken in ios 13. need a fix urgently
. very poor and limited app. information displayed is quite different from the web view. i only want to see one thing  supplier invoices and outstanding balances and this app doesn't show them.
so much effort!!. downloaded this to try and make my life easier but setting it up is so much hassle!! can't add my bank account for some reason though i believe i'm typing the right details in  zero replies to my emails for help and whenever i've called for help i end up speaking to someone who obviously has no clue about the app for 30 mins  why is it so difficult?! don't bother.
zero stars 10.3 is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
. you don't need to understand double dutch accounting to use it.
. easy to use and make life way easier to keep track of inventory and sales.
. works pretty well. would be nice if you could customize invoices.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
nice. nice software
new to qb on line. brilliant package but did need support on getting the data i migrated over sorted. but worth the monthly charges. great job quick books.
like it but has its let downs. i like being able to get stuff done on breaks throughout the day. givea me more family time when i get home but the computer version is 10x better. if the app were set up the same would get 5 start from me
quickbooks is genius. i don't normally write reviews for apps. but quickbooks online is simply amazing. i've been using it for over a year and i absolutely love it. i can download transactions from the bank so no boring data entry and can create invoices on the go on my phone. so good.
quickbook. on trial will notify later
. the app works good.....when it works. but it freezes often......and when theres a technical issue it takes 45 days for them to resolve the issue. wasnt what i expected at all from quickbooks.
. it takes a little while to get used to the interface after switching from desktop, however having all my financials updated in real time and at my fingertips is awesome! wish i would have switched years ago!
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
qbo in general needs work. this app is limited in what you can do. qbo was rolled out before they were finished developing even some of the most basic features.
easy to use and quick customer service. love this app for my business. makes it easy to keep everything up to date and keeps the books accurate. i recommend it to every business!!
confused. unlike using my laptop to filter purchases, payments, and deposits the app is extremely confusing and when purchases are made you cannot view them live or even see previous ones, instead i have to spend a lot of time logging them in. i purchased the quickbooks online through my laptop in hopes that the app would make my accounting easier by using my phone, as i do not have time to constantly log into my laptop. the app is too time consuming and confusing.
. app freezes and crashes several times a day. the photo receipt scan feature is probably the biggest culprit. even simple things like updating my business contact information yields an error message which is usually followed by a crash. the mac version of qbo isn't any better. similar issues there. very clunky, buggy applications. too much time spent troubleshooting. time for an alternative.
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
. never received money from paid invoices. terrible customer service
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
it's not like the desktop version. why doesn't this have the same functionality as the desktop version? what a joke it is. i am so ready to switch to anything else!
mobile app. you cannot check your inventory or edit invoices from the mobile app.
. great app that makes accounting easy on the go! it's flexible and terrific for our business!
great app. this app has been a big help. flawless!!!!
. very frustrating app to use. as an employee i am required to log my daily hours using quickbooks, the app however won't let me even login to it. i go to login and it gives me a message telling me that i am trying to use an u supported role and it will be fixed in future updates. i have to go through the website which the mobile version is not great to use.
the best software. this software is just great
great for pimpin. i keep track of all my hoes daily sales & expenses with quickbooks.
. easy to use, great for keeping track of expenses, account payable, billing invoices, service. link to your bank account to keep track of everything all in one place
great app. easy to use
. you did an update on friday afternoon while i need to use the program. now i can't access the program because i need to do an update that o cant do because of a glitch in the update
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
great app love it !!!. makes my work so much easier
. great app makes my life much easier.
great functionality on finger tips. very handy app. looking for the timesheet option to be added as well.
easy to use, even for a newbie!. great app. easy to use, even for someone with little accounting knowledge.
incredibly glitchy. the app is glitchy despite updates. i’m not super impressed by intuit in general. i use their payroll for my business, a lot of glitches there too. app crashes or spontaneously exits my selections to “accept” for no reason and i have to start over. does not learn well, i have to reteach things over and over.
please stop making my sign in. every other fingerprint authentication app on my phone (banking, password manager, file managers) does not nag me to log in via password every other day. why does this app do so? please fix.
. the app isnt bad, but what is bad? quickbooks itself.. 1st part of 2017 it cost 39.95 per month then went to 50.00 by the middle of 2017.. and today i get a charge of $60.00!!! they randomly keep going up on their prices without any warning or reason!
overdose on ads. screenlock adsdo not like this. plus, too many ad notifications. i want notifcations to see my alerts not be solicited and have my lock screen taken over by quickbooks. what a shame.
terrible support. the feature that you promote in your advertisement for this app shows a person recording his receipts wich mainly are cash or card paid. the options that you have as type of payments are cheque, credit or other. nobody this days pay by cheque or by credit receipts for small amounts!!!! totally useless!!!
. good app
. i think the software is great
greatest app ever. i love the “capture receipt” feature. makes life a whole lot easier.
. this programapp has paralyzed me from carrying out business transactions and estimations due to a failure in the app being able to sync my data for 3 days now, customer support is next to nothing when day after day they told me i will receive an email once the issue is resolved. i am losing money and this does not seem to be a priority for quickbooks.
. where do i start. purchased to help with accounts for small self employment business. did not upload new transactions from bank account or paypal as advertised on app or the full site. mileage tracker was not accurate. user interface too basic. so frustrating as i would use this constantly but as it does not upload my transactions properly, it is unusable. far too glitchey as an app. wish i had done free trial and not wasted money on it.
unable to access quickbooks through ipad. everytime time i try to access the quickbooks it says i need to verify first my login which can be verified by sending an email. when i choose this option it says the time has ran out and goes back to the login menu. i am able to get in through the web but never in the app
"fees on fees. while the app itself works and is fairly handy, i strongly advise against quickbooks as a company. i signed on as a business owner for $6.95 a month and was immediately slapped with over $100 in fees hidden in ""fine print"". worse is the utter inability to get any customer support from intuit. i canceled my subscription and despite already paying for the month, lost access immediately and lost all of my records. then i got billed again. stay away."
. not sure if this was resolved but in reviewing past expenses and invoices, it looks like 85% have disappeared. if i entered more than 1 expense on a single day, it kept 1. some days i entered 56 receipts if not more and now i'm redoing them all. switched to a bookkeeper this year so haven't used the app in 6+ months.
. awesome tech support
. the online version of quickbooks works well, but the app is terrible. we are in 2018 and the apps still can't do anything useful. why can't we have the same functions and features as the online version. i want to be able to view all my reports at any time. easily key in transactions. the app needs some serious work. no joke.
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
. user for 2 years, samsung s8, app fails to load now. when it did work, it never showed historical customer transactions. never properly refreshed bank connections oh, you would have to go to the online portal and update first before you could use or see your transactions on this app. i'm pretty fed up at this point with this app, only thing i really wanted to do at this point was use the receipt scanning but i can't even do that now. uninstalled..
. so handy. like having an accountant in my back pocket.
very convenient and usable. great app that connects me too my work platform everywhere i go!!
very nice!!. have been using this app and computer software for 2 years now. very easy to use, have had no errors or screw ups with the app. it's great to link bank accounts to app for instant payments from invoiced. it's helped me with my business and accounting dramatically
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
brilliant. used other software apps before now and this one knocks socks off them, can access all my account details and add bills and send invoices so much easier during the day now, knocks about 30minutes a night off my admin
awesome app!!. seamless and intuitive. can accomplish so much with this app. thank you!!
cornered into online version. not an easy transition from desktop for contractor version. poor interface for entering time to bill for. hard to tell what time and materials i have not billed for. mobile interface is fairly limited.
. alittle tricky to learn but works well and makes running a buisness much easier.
very convenient. app is great when you are not in your office.
. this app made me feel more in control of my own books
crashes since ios13. i can no longer open my quickbooks on my phone since the ios 13 update has been released.
disappointing absences. so disappointing that i cannot see qty on hand on the app. also, limited reporting on app!
. this is my first year using quickbooks. so much easier to track all expenses and sales.
. keep having to login which is annoying. very slow in general. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. after 3 years, still quite disappointed with it.
. nice...love this app a million times. please download.. very useful and helpful
. the app is really handy when adding expenses. easy to navigate.
expenses tab stopped working. please fix the expenses tab. it's greyed out on this version and i can't use it.
. i haven't been able to update a draft invoice via mobile in over 2 years and it's been a known issue? instead of adding new reports all the time, work on the basics please.
very effective. i’ve used very expensive accounting software but quickbooks offers just as much as many do at a fraction of the price.
very convenient. nice format for creating estimates and invoicing. although, it is frustrating having the keyboard cover the un scrollable typing field on note 4. you must continuously press the back button to view the text.................i just realized i'm having the same issue typing this review. could be the note 4. hmmmmm
dig it!. i mainly use the app for looking at financials, but the invoicing, reporting, and such is great too.
a pretty good app. all in all, this is a pretty great app. it does just about everything i need it to while on the go, but it is missing one key piece of functionality. it does not allow the recording of deposits and that is really important for me. other than that it functions flawlessly and has never given me any trouble. overall, i love it!
awesome app!:. this is perfect for on the go invoices and quotes for businesses.
. great app great aap for my business for all my on the go needs....lacks some features but worth it
". latest update to my pixel made the app very laggy, and the ""feedback"" popup appeared again after i submitted it the first time! however, rebooting the app seemed to fix."
. you have priced me out. i'm going to find another program. $40 a month is ridiculous.
love it. i am an accountant and this is the software i use and recommend to all of my customers.
just easy. safe and secure . superb app ..
great. great app i use it everyday, makes invoices a breeze and makes it easier at the end of the year for tax purposes.
works for me. little tricky to set up, that's mostly me. i like it, does what i need.
. this is an awesome app. make my life so much easier!! it easy to use for my home business.
keeps crashing. crashes every time i try to delete an item from an invoice i’m creating.
great app for the ipad. great app for the ipad and small buisness
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
. geeat app
good app. i like simple, this is efficient for my small busines, updates are making the app better. i can recomend it is supper easy to use.
easily the worst app on ios. this is the single worst and buggiest app on the app store. it is buggy, gives random permissions errors, and generally fails to get the job done.
. app start hi nahi ho raha he,add company karte hi restart ho jata he
. this is a easy to use app and makes keeping track of finances easy
a good portable quickbooks app. the app has most of the important features, is easy to use, and is certainly a better option than trying to use the quickbooks online on an iphone. it is not a complete substitute as there are several features not available on the app,but it does allow recording time and expenses while on the road and even allows checking on and updating bank balances.
simply functional. app makes invoicing easy, and allows you to track any outstanding receivables. should make tax time much easier.
love this app!. i actually find this easier to use than the desktop version.
can't attach images or accept signatures. really!!?? so many features i would have expected. track expenses, milage, accept signatures.
utter crap. if i could give no stars i would app crashes all the time won't send invoices to customers i have had for years have been struggling on with quickbooks for several years but now can't take the frustration anymore caused by this utter waste of money.
changed my rating to 5.. i used to upload all my account transactions from this app. now they are gone. that was the only thing i used the app for. it is now useless to me. ***update*** your suggestion worked. changed my rating.
great update to already great app. the latest update is great! being able to reconcile through app is awesome. best accounting app out!!!
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
nice app. works better than the online version
". i am a new user to quickbooks and to the quickbooks online, and i have enjoyed the flexibility the app allows those of us who are constantly ""onthego."" it is a beneficial convenience for our employees who office out of their vehicle daily, traveling from plumbing appointment to plumbing appointment."
. great app. makes paperwork a lot easier.
can't work offline.... mobile tech service. can't work if not in a coverage area on my phone. no receipts for customers or transaction entries. sucks!
great app.. i am new to quickbook, but found this app as very helpful tool to run a small business, no matter where i am, at home, in the office or on the road. thanks +++++
. superb app superb app
wish you integrated with monzo. my life would be complete!
. there are many bugs and glitches. the ios version allows bank feed updates and this one doesn't!! still doesn't. still buggy.
. denver's is it possible to have a look at the attached file of my resume
simply the best. simple and easy to understand and use. above all, the free technical support is out of this world. go for it, you cannot go wrong.
very disappointed. i'm very disappointed because i have been unable to login on with my iphone or macbook pro. i tried to get help through customer service but all i got was a link. very disappointed!!
"finally. my clients can take pictures of their cash receipts and upload so i don't have to worry about an audit. i'm a qbo certified user so ""i"" know how to use it, but it's friendly enough that they can too. thanks."
love it!. we use it for invoicing and i has been a great experience. we love that we can access from anywhere including our smartphones through the app!
there’s just 1 thing... i have been loving the way this program functions. the only thing i continually wish for is that i would be notified when a customer opens an estimate, not just the invoice.
app glitches. i get an error message 6000 every time i try to add a customer, payment, or any new information. basically it's not functioning, i have to use the desktop version.
. keeping on top of expenses and invoicing is easy with quickbooks online.
easy to use!. a 5 yr old with a lemonade stand could run this application. it is very useful and easy to get things done. such a great tool to keep track of your business
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
how do i remove this app from my iphone?. i do not want to use thus app and now i cannot uninstall it from my iphone. l try by holding the icon and get a message asking if i want to share it. does not show in my settings so i cannot delete it there either. can't find online help.
copy & paste. we are unable to paste anything in quickbooks app if we copy anything from another app
. i have been learning a lot about quick books. it's helpful to my company. i keep up on my invoice do date's, and spending.
limited, no balances. it allows you to enter expenses and sales oriented transactions, but does not allow you to view account balances. right now it's of limited utility
. great app, should let you see vendors as well
. just the request for this app. i want to use it in my mobile also.
unreliable. i don't advice anybody to download this app it had a major problem since two months and till now not solved.
. won't send invoices to customers, complete waste of time and money would not recommend to anybody.
super efficient. this app has streamlined my workflow 100%
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
great app. user friendly. simple and intuitive!
starting with errors. i am just starting my beekeeping business and trying to track expenses. quick books somehow has me making a $164 sale. i can't erase it because it doesn't exist. would love it but can't reconcile the books if random numbers are calculated out of thin air!
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
". constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
fantastic app for small business. i have been using quickbooks for a year now. before i used to use myob and it used to cost me double what i pay now. it has all the features i need and usually works without any problems. i can write up quotes onsite, and send invoices before i leave the job. i highly recommend this app for small businesses.
. a very good app for accounting. has made my life better.
mobile app works, but can be better. edit.. android works better now. i can see more info, but keep adding more features till it gets closer to the standalone program
. i'm having trouble getting this app to download to my tablet everytime i try it tells me its already downloaded but to my phone? can i only download on one device? thanks nell
. the service online is terrific. the app errors anytime i try to update from my smartphone for over a month now. support is unresponsive via email.
it's ok but don't get the most basic package. it's a vast improvement on another app i tried but the most basic pack makes me want more, upgrading now if i can so recommend you start with a higher grade package rather than the cheapest.
does most things well. title says it.
. good app
business owner. this is a great product ! i don't know how i would keep my business organized without it. also customer services is awesome. this is a must have app!!!!
. easy to setup & customize invoices, accurate, i am pleased!
. the app doesnt refresh my inventory or reports as the update is done via the app or the website
. the worst app in the entire google play store its useless dosent work correctly impossible to navigate the person who made it ought to be fired its a disgrace
ouch. does not have my bank listed. does me no good. been paying for 1 year now. and i see no where how to stop subscribing. cost me over $10.00 a month.
where is the cost of the app?. where is the cost of the app. you gave me all kind of information but not the price of the app!!???
problems with touch id. the touch id feature has a lot problems, doesn't work properly, please fix it
exporting and texting invoices. anytime i export and try to forward an invoice to a customer with an android it will not send it. iphones are no problem, but androids do not accept it. i have to screenshot it. recommend patch to fix this.
simply amazing for the newbie!!. as a sole trader, i am so impressed at how simple this product is to use!! it has saved my bacon on a number of occasions!! collating reports at an instant!! not to mention looking professional to my clients every time i send an invoice !! highly recommend this to anyone wanting to commence on the journey of being your own boss!! what a game changer indeed!
expensebill data missing in app. expense and bill data is not available in the iphone app while accessible online. what is the meaning of the app when i can't see any of my vendor bills or company expenses. development team???
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
great. not perfect.. very useful program. could use a little bit of polishing though.
love the app. excellent app just wish you guys would add the ability to turn on quantity while leaving rate off in estimates and invoices
never has worked on my s7 edge. i loved this app when it worked with my htc. since i switched to this phone, it keeps giving me an error message and despite talking with support multiple times, nothing has been done to resolve this. i have uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times and it has not resolved the problem. i have seen similar issues reported with this phone.
. app crashes every time i try to go into banking section. have kept giving it a go over last 12 months as desktoponline versions are brilliant but mobile version still crashes
. great app once you get use to it. very handy business tool. changed my review from 2 stars to 5 stars!
great app!. very userfriendly and easy to use!
missing a major key demographic.. although a good application, there are some things missing  like the ability to do business income taxes for t2 (corporations). this feature should be able to send those docs to cra in a format that ready to go. especially when small business corporations are being targeted in the media. help make this easier  there's no reason this feature should not be incorporated into the software.
great app. does what exactly it has to do
". was great, while it worked. like the previous review, on a galaxy s9 i just get a blank dashboard and cannot enter new expenses. so the product has no use. not very impressed with qb's ""we're working on it"" response. this should have been basic testing done by the team, not by paying customers."
i can't get in. once i log in it loads and says error an d doesn't work !
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
we are using this with the construction side of our business and so far the customer service has been wonderful. there are things missing or not working but customer service had said they are working on getting them added or fixed. makes it really easy for our employees in the field to create invoices and send them to clients as well as receive payments. will change to five stars when missing components are added.
limited. not much functionality compared with the desktop app, frustrating. unable to access banking or create bills.
great  when it works.. app crashes often and has trouble down loading data
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile i am a paid version user and i am pc login all options are work properly but mobile apps issue i have made complete 4 tims in call center but agent ask me team work this issue
messed it up with update. i don't like that invoices send through intuit, nor that the app no longer integrates with gmail for emailing clients. please get rid of the pretty colors and fix the functionality. this update really makes the app much harder to use.
. this app is super easy to use. love it. idk how many estamates iv created on the fly and converted them to invoices.
great so far. hoping it keeps things simple for me
ridiculous omission. i can not believe that with all of the updates that you still can not create a purchase order with this app. ridiculous.
constantly signs me out.. it’s infuriating. just leave me signed in!!!!!! even worse sometimes as soon as i sign in it says “please log out and log in again” this app is bs
. malfunctions on every level. did not attach a single receipt picture to the transaction. brought in the bank accounts and scrambled them. even on the desktop deposits are expenses and you cannot edit them
not worth the effort. absolutely horrible experience. we had qb before so now we have two accounts and they are interfering with one another. sat on hold forever and finally got instructions to cancel the oldest acct. went through all the instructions to where i’m suppose to select cancel or cancel trial and that option isn’t even a choice.
. not all customer payments showing on android, on iphone was no issues except some crashes from time to time and signing out by itself.
still unresolved issues 3 month later. i’ve had quickbooks for over 3 month now and since i’ve had it i have been unable to allocate my bank transactions on my app. i’ve flagged this to quickbooks and had responses but no fix. keep being told to use desktop version for now! 3 months and still not fixed isn’t good enough for a payed for app.
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
my everyday app. love how easy this app is to use
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app
no longer works with ios 13. i just updated to ios 13. the app now crashes immediately after it tries to launch my company. i tried reinstalling it but no luck. please fix this asap!
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
great softwsre. multiple devices awesome
works like it should. the app works like you would expect it to and i have nothing but good things to say about quickbooks support!
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
can not even create account. i am from indonesia. please create apps that apply internationally
fantastic app. allencompassing and very user friendly
it works ok. using this app for serval years now. mainly i’m bothered by the small glitches and performance of the app, not so much quickbooks. every so often a new annoyance will pop up.
good app. this is excellent for small businesses the only thing i think they should add is a quick way of entering vat on mileage money.
easy to use. i love my quickbooks app. this is the first year my taxes will be done on time because i didn't have to spend hours at desk!
. so far so good; this app should provide a snapshot of the company as first view.
. do not use unless you want to be on hold for over an hr and transferred multiple times. if you are a business owner and value your time go elsewhere
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
. very easy to use on a mobile. means i can invoice on the go
can't tap anything when looking at an individual transaction. banking > new transactions > view transaction let's you see what quickbooks added but doesn't let you edit anything.
. everytime wont open says error etc etc
. love this app great for my small business
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
nice, but they increased price a lot!. i like the app but am concerned with how much they just increased price for my service.
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the ipad and iphone is useless.
. cant log in. the google app version does not communicate with the regular qb site. it's not useful if i cant log in with the app on my phone.
. love this app.so simple to use. saves you so much time with your paperwork keep up the great work guys😀😀
sooooooo easy. each update gets better and better, making bookkeeping easier and easier.
just what i needed. i run a small contractor business doing remodel work. the mobile app has been a godsend. i can track all my estimates, invoices & expenses in one place. helps me track clients that are late payers too (which sometimes happens). i like it. 100% worth the subscription
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
cis unfriendly. useless if your a contractor or subcontractor. if your in the construction industry, this app is useless. you cannot create cis invoices which renders this app useless.
better than before. i like the ability to record expenses on the fly and take a picture of the receipt. would be better if the smart logic time saving features in quickbooks online were incorporated.
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
. conforme já relatado por outros usuários, o app oferece uma promoção de r$13,99. porém ao efetuar a compra o valor é quase r$50,00... engana na propaganda então já parto do princípio que o restante pode não ser bom!
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
slow to update. pretty useless app.
. very disappointed this is a spotty business resource. sync issues. i entered a customer contact once and it appeared as a new payment in my activity tab. update: i have cancelled for other reasons. looking elsewhere. wish it wouldve worked.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
. sucks. cant login. all intuit apps are broken. support takes weeks to respond. i going to cancel my monthly service and go with a different accounting software. longtime customer but no longer.
very powerful tool. the app is really nice and efficient. will get even better when the ability to create a credit note is made available on both ios and android devices. i really don't understand why this must have feature has not been added yet. thanks!
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
very frustrating. i can't understand why quickbooks refuses to put time tracking in their mobile app. time tracking is weak at best on a desktop but excluding it on mobile makes no sense. as a graphic designer who only sells time, this is close to worthless.
great app. very happy with this app!
. it needs customizable products and services. it updates to often.
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
. love my qb app! keeps me organized and ontrack... in real time. my accountant loves that!
. your app is garbage. i've had to reset my password 4 times and have the verification code texted and phoned to me several times and still nothing. thanks for wasting 1 hour of my time that i cannot get back😠😠😠😠😠
. it's good but could be better. limited functionalities on the mobile app.
good app. very useful
. i can't use this app at all because it will not sync to my bank. not the app or any of the services offered. i'm trying to cancel all of my subscriptions and services and it seems impossible to do. directions for canceling do not work. i have yet to see any cancellation choices in any drop down menus. i'm paying for services that i can not use and unable to cancel which is a scam.
auto service. makes my invoicing a lot quicker and easier to get taken care of.
can't even register. server error when creating company 1000x sgxs5 + sgxts (lollipop)
. great app. no problems
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
tooooo good app for business. good to make business easy
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
great app. being able to use quickbooks on my phone has really helped my business run more efficiently. i'm able to manage customers and employees all from my phone.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
. decient mobile program to use, prefer the desktop version though
. i am happy with the app. it means i can get work done in the field.
easy to use and quick customer service. love this app for my business. makes it easy to keep everything up to date and keeps the books accurate. i recommend it to every business!!
. great app! i do wish the pricing was lower
great app!!!!. i am a simple tradie and this app has made life so easy! not complicated easy fast and effective.
. i have not been able to log into the app. i keep receiving an error message indicating i need to install the latest version, but it is already installed. i even attempted uninstalling and reinstalling, to no avail.
could be much better.. this app needs lots of work. is not possible to assign an expense as billable. is also not possible to add markup from this app. lame.
convenient and efficient. this app allows me to create invoices and collect for my plumbing services in the field and takes care of the book keeping simultaneously! i can also email the invoice to my customer instantly, which my customers seem to appreciate.
. okay but needs expenses option like on iphone. i justed switched from iphone and ios and am really bummed out you can't enter expenses: checks paid, credit card, or cash transactions. this is available on ios already why is this still not ready for android?
easy to use. should have done this sooner!
invoices and estimates design. the design and layout of the invoices and estimates templates are outdated. seems like a small thing, but it reflects poorly on a business’ brand, and it is so easily fixed on your end. hire a professional designer and give clients a template that says quickbooks cares about our brand too.
great app. convenient, reliable. constantly being improved. keep up the good work!
. good app, but it is expensive....
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
". just signed up. you get a 24hr trial and then it asks you to spend $7.99mo with a 30% off discount (not sure if that is included, or what). so much for a ""free"" app."
forced payroll system not working. since march 2017 our payroll that they force you to pay for if you have employees has not working correctly. edd efile is non existent, cannot archive reports, and irs efile is sporadic. customer service wont credit any amount nor can they fix the problem even after “escalating” it to priority customer support. three “cases” opened, none of which fixed the problem. do not buy this product.
great program. i find myself keeping better records. very user friendly. great program
. it's an amazing app, very helpful and fast responsive
. i was not aware that you needed their main subscription of $25 per month to access this extra monthly charge. also i am still being charged my one month payment for thinking i could use this on my andeoid only and signing up. not impressed for a co.pany i worked with their software for years. now like microsoft, it's a money grab with subscriptions. sad. loved them for years.
the best app out there by far. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far. every update includes a very useful useable option. 👌🏽👌🏽
defects still in app. app was brilliant until it started alerting that my trial expires so need to upgrade when i'm on a full package and not trial version? fix needed intiut.
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
great app. far easier to use than desktop quickbooks. great software
. love the flexibility of using the app in keeping the business running.
book keeping made easy. with constant updates this is the go to program for my business! this app assists in daily activity and allows me to be on the move.
muy útil. la app es excelente, súper útil!! pero estoy pensando en dejar de usarla por que es demasiado costosa.
not free. unless i missed it this app says free. when you try to utilize it, it asks for $$$. if i'm wrong i will change the review immediately.
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
great app. this app is great and easy to use
. can't create journal entries. super slow app, super slow pace of mobile app feature rollout
good app.. it works good with my ipad mini.
qb online. app
great app. very happy with the app so far. there is a couple thing that would be nice to be able to do from my i pad and not have to go to my computer hopefully in the next update they will.
. convenient, but sometimes it freezes.
very handy.. great app for when i'm away from my pc and need to sort invoice or sort my accounts.
. does basic accounting. cool. i paid money for this. clunky interface. settings buried in random locations. the desktop, browserbased, application is equally, if not more, terrible. this is a professional product?
great app.. will help me tract expenses!!
i love it!!!!. i've been a real estate agent for over ten years & keep my expenses & income on spreadsheets, what a pain. this is awesome! i do wish however i could keep my mileage in this app also, do that & i'll give you six stars.
. great smb accounting software. use it for my company and have had no issues at all. customer support is responsive as well.
. the app makes use in the field easy.
. umhhh love it yar
quickbooks online is a nightmare!. big mistake. if you are considering quickbooks online talk to some bookkeepers first or you may find yourself doing the books because so many of them refuse to work with the online version. once you upload your data to the online version there is no way of downloading the data to go back to regular quickbooks! as for the app, well it's as frustrating as as the online program.
. best accounting software! worst customer service ever!!!! hold times are hours & when you finally get a person, which is a miracle, they get offended if your upset & will hang up on you!they do not want to help you, just keep you trapped in their maze paying that monthly (rediculous) price! all they want is your money! & will hold your important business info & data entered as ransome. *horrible business practice*
so far so good. i’ve only been using a short time, but i like the speed and usability, more than on the desktop app.
. 3 years and the app still doesnt show bills????? support case opened 3 times and no one care. wonder how can we trust them with our data
accounting. best program for my business. great access and easy to use.
love!!. the quickbooks app is absolutely perfect! when handling business on the go and clients are making payments, i can easily create an invoice andor sales receipt. makes my job easier. it tracks all of our business expenses, profits and losses. this is great!
. great app, can generate invoice on the go and get paid!!!
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
makes books much easier to keep updated. this is a powerful combination of mobile, camera, and bookkeeping. much easier than relying on the desktop.
best addition for any business on the go!. the free trial was amazing. my favorite part is having the ability to send invoices. while setting up my merchant services, customer support was kind and easy to work with. now it's easier to bill my clients from my phone. i track everything. get the quickbooks app. you won't regret it!
. good experience
onion vs. desktop. i have just purchased the desktop version. i would.like to use the app to record my expenses on the fly. from what i can tell you need to have an online account to do so. please help if there is a way.
broken after update. not updating customer data, crashing, please fix it, i have a business to run!
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
. i couldn't connect my bank account to even try the application. despite all the reviews i read about the connection issue, i tried anyway. my stupid mistake and i paid for the first month...ugh. you have to do way more work to get the refund than it takes for them to take your money. i'm sure it would have been helpful, if it worked properly. qbo, you guys really need to fix that
fantastic app. easy to use.. i wish they give more invoice customization options..
. software is meeting all my expectations for my small business needs.
pretty useless. very slow and painful to use, doesn’t let you bank any payments etc. probably only useful for those who wish to produce very basic invoices
great product. i couldn't be happier with this app is the best of the best, probably the purchase i ever done for my business
another weak quickbooks mobile app. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my pc...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then?? i love how i can only rate this useless app once in the lifetime of having it,i would give it no stars if i could!
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
. the only thing it does is say my account doesn't include mobile app use, i try to log in from the browser and it shows the same message....so much for trying to give you money, i'm off to look for something that'll help me keep track of my business and let me log in.
. excellent app for any business.
. parfait pour la compta et la gestion de la facturation. simple, intuitif et pas cher.
liars. they lie about the app and what u can do with it. run away fast.
. works all fine and easy to use. pro tip: if anything breaks, delete your local cache and try again 😊 (thanks to the qb support)
ios 13; don’t do it!. if you need this app to work correctly do not upgrade to ios 13 yet! many bugs... my worst bug: can’t look at any customer info anymore, does not work. yes i uninstalled and reinstalled...
recurring payments.. i really wish i could set up recurring payments from the app and also delete invoices
. it is easy enough to use, however guidance from an accountant opens up more doors.
quickbooks online keeps me up to date. i am able to get my business information at my fingertips. i can copy receipts and invoice customers in 2 clicks. fast and simple!
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
purchase order. i like the app it's a good app there is one screw up and a big one i wonder if it's only me who uses it why can't i make a purchase order on the app ??? other wise it's a great app
keeps locking up. the app keeps telling me i need to update to the latest version, but i already have it. it won't let me log on. frustrating. please fix or revert back to previous version until glitches are fixed.
doesn’t work with ios13. pls fix
. easy to use, helpful support team
quickbooks online. this apps rocks!
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting and tracking of actual sales, mrr, and kpis
simple, yet capable. does everything i need and i love being able to use it online, iphone and ipad. on the go flexibility is a must and this app does that flawlessly!
very easy to use!. great tool and app!
from bad to worse. going downhill fast, the app version is very restricted. also the price is getting higher, they entice you in with a low start price that then increases once you are locked in. scared to leave as i am unsure what data i will loose
. awesome. very easy to navigate. amazing to be able to do all this from my phone.
disappointing update. was able to do deposit on the go with earlier version. please fix.
does not do simple qb tasks. this app does not have all the functions as the computer online version. i can't run simple reports and the payroll app which is separate does not allow me to make changes to the employee information. doesn't function like you need it to and it put me in a bind when i went out of town with just my ipad. i would not even give it one star. worthless.
can't log in on nexus 5x. i haven't been able to log in on my nexus 5x for 23 months (maybe longer). i can get to the login screen and put in my credentials, but when i click next it errors. tried uninstalling and reinstalling. even installed a qb app update recently if i remember correctly. still can't log in. tried emailing info to support, but i still have the same problem. i can login from my computer or ipad mini just fine.
nice, but naughty. i am writing this review at christmas, that explains the headline :) this app used to be awesome. now i get a lot of can not connect to data or can not refresh data even after multiple refreshes. hope they fix it
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
. good app
. very user friendly
. i had to stop in the middle of resending an invoice, after i cant seem to find email resend edit option??:((( have to reenter all like new order, waste of time!!! does it accept international bankwire?
. it's good app , little bit negative about the help desk of qb , i had requested lots of time for some query but noboday can answer.
. works great but would like the inventory to link with square to make it even better.
. i travel for work and this app is awesome. i can write and email estimates, invoices, and recieve payments on the fly. it makes my life way easier.
. terrible experience. app would regularly crash, bank accounts would continuously disconnect for no reason. frustrating and in no way time saving in the end.
no mileage tracking. false advertising. the mileage tracking screen shot is from the self employed app, not the small business app
. takes hours for a verification email with pin to get sent. i can't wait that long before i can access my accounting!
great app. fantastic app. does everything i need to run my business on the go.
my business has transformed.. i have received multiple compliments from my customers regarding my new invoices and estimates.
need better multicurrency functionality. ... an ok app to review transactions and do some basic entries.
qb online. tout ce qu'il faut pour la pme. facilité, mobilité, flexibilité! un support technique accessible, compétent et rapide.
. after some learning of how it works i find it a very good program to use and suites my needs very happy
worst in india. i install it after that i it not support in india can you suggest me other options for android
great program. i use quickbooks on a daily basis, would recommend to any small business.
handy. as long as i have internet connection i can create new customers, create invoices, and bill the job right at the job. i can input cash receipts and any bank charges that have cleared.
pretty useful!. i can add my expenses and match them later and now they even. updated the web internet so i can use it on my tablet and it's become super helpful! thanks quickbooks! i think what's they update it to where you can do all the thing you can on the tablet web interface that you can do on the computer it's going to be top notch
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
. fairly quick and easy to use. expenses are a snap of the camera, and it links to my bank and credit card accounts for easy reconciliation.
. if you have your own business you need this app!
easy to use, powerful, brilliant. managing everything on the run is important... with quickbooks i can do pretty much everything i need from my mobile saving me valuable time! only thing i would request is an apple watch app.
stopped working after the update. this was working great until the software update last week. now i end up creating multiple copies of invoices and estimates and the app just freezes on the saving screen. i can only finish off by logging in through a web browser and completing the task. please fix this fast intuit!
". getting this message for the last 3 days on my android. ""there was a problem syncing your data. wait a few minutes and try again"". please fix this edit: i have done all those steps, cleared cache, uninstalled, reinstalled, gave all permissions, even did a full factory reset on the phone and still same issue.."
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
co owner. we opened a small furniture and decor store. we use quickbooks online with few problems, however the go payments part was terrible. on our opening day it couldn't process 5 credit card transactions and has been sporadic ever since. we bought a new i pad hoping the faster processor would help wrong.
to glitchy. way to many glitches but worst of all it is supposed to be exactly the same on the deferent computers and some times the same invoices show up on one computer and not on my i pad and only sometimes on my i phone 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
worth it could be improved. works well, my only complaint is different functions are available or not available depending on how you access quickbooks. can be a little frustrating when i need to send an account statement and have to do it from a pc as that option seems to be absent on iphone and ipad access. better than my other invoice options by far worth using for sure.
. the app is not updating on my phone
. can't easily navigate or edit start totals or the any other deposits to start where i want to
not trustworthy. quickbooks has some issues with taking multiple accounts under the same email. i can not access my account because my email was used to open a second trial and i can not access my data any longer. choose better accounting software, overall. this app has no visible way to logout or troubleshoot.
worse than useless. i downloaded this app as use quickbooks daily, the pc software is great! the apple app is such a waste of time, i can’t access any reports and the info it does show me is a waste of my time just a load of numbers that don’t mean anything. no thought has gone into this app i suspect it’s just a tick box exercise creating an app...
lowered rating. gave it 4 stars last year. since then it is completely unreliable and almost useless.
disapponted. thus app us completely worthless to me without the register.
updates have made it horrible. i love using the online version. the august updates however have tanked the app. it is no longer sharing information between my iphone, ipad, and mac. the sorting feature of estimates is now gone ( pending, accepted, closed) it only shows in last changed order, not good when working with 3 month or longer history. on a positive note, i do like the photo modification for the iphone. it no longer adds to my photo album, just imports to quickbooks.
transformed the way i do business. quickbooks online combined with the quickbooks app have changed the way i do business. i don't have everything figured out but that is on me to get sorted out. very flexible and stable.
kiss. keep it simple stupid as they say, this app is brilliant, simple, easy to use a great for a small business that just wants everything in one app at their fingertips. well done team.
great app to keep your business organized. inuit has come along way
. best app for small businesses
the cost is not free. it tells you it free but when you go in to create a online account it states it is $9.99 a month which you can buy a program cheaper then that
. it does, what i needed to do
not tablet friendly. i use this everyday but the biggest problem is the tablet version is not very good when doing estimates, the format is completely different than the pc version
great app for every business. i have only played with this app a little to see what it can do, it is a great app for any service business, it automaticly updates all the records when you make a sell or a purchase. perfect if you are bad about keeping up with paperwork, this app will help u do it all as you go.
easy to use and keeps me updated. works great on my s4.
. excellet.
app crashes on ios 9 and ios 10. when i click on support it takes you to a web page that also does not work properly. do you have email support ?
crashes on ipad3. i have never had a problem with the quickbooks app until this update. it crashes and will not open on my ipad 3.
solved my invoicing problems. now i can invoice quickly from anywhere. then track and record payments. very simple yet powerful. love the mobility.
. can't login. the web version works at least.
not even close to online or desktop versions. at the cost of not wanting to hire a secretary my consultant had me switch to online version from desktop, it sucks! used to update q.b. desktop every 3 yrs (when forced to) for $150 and now pay around $400 a year for less function. the direct qb online site is better from my mobile device than the actual app. the options between app and website dont function the same. terrible!
great for my employers. i'm an office manager at two companies, and i've been able to save my employers, field technicians, and office staff time, money, and paper with qbo. thanks intuit!
very easy and convenient!. i love having the mobile app. it makes it easy to enter transactions on the spot without having to stop and open up my computer to login.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
helped a lot. i am so happy that i listened to the accountant at work who recommended qb to me. it has made tracking business expenses and my taxes so much easier.
literally crashes every time i try to enter a sale.. great for tracking expenses but useless for processing and tracking sales. very disappointed.
bad customer service and bad app. i’m use only one month is the most terrible app. never used this app
mr. doesn't work on ipad pro or iphone. it says my subscription has expired. i have had it for several years and it still works on macbook but on ios it thinks i am on a free trial until 13th april but still locks me out saying i need to update my subscription. it is useless to me if it won,t work on ipad because i photograph all my receipts into the app. will cancel subscription if it doesn't work soon.
simple. simple easy to use, love the phone app.
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
ne pas acheter. honnêtement j ai rarement vu un support aussi difficile. des bogues, des manques de fonctionnalités, etc. pas au point pour les entreprise...
ios 10.01 update...... awful! not user friendly. keeps telling me to update safari to use program. still can't run checks!
. card reader does not work for htc. card reader does not work
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
great app!. just need the ability to take a photo of a receipt and upload it and then it'll be 5 stars (i understand this is something that the online application is lacking as well)
. for over a week, the app has been failing to load my account details. i sent the error report by email too. i am using the correct login info and i have a samsung galaxy s10 plus. the app is poorly designed and maintained... spending all the money on those commericalsads vs on the actual product, not looking to renew once our lisence expires at this rate... we can just build our own system instead or use other functioning ones..
app isn’t working now. please advise. it has stopped working. i click on the app and it automatically closes. new iphone today should work unless not compatible with ios13.
love this app!!. could run our company without it!!
. nice app for modern business
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
. i think this app is not a bad idea. just that it doesn't have where i could upload my logo. buh all same it's a very cool app
incredibly glitchy. the app is glitchy despite updates. i’m not super impressed by intuit in general. i use their payroll for my business, a lot of glitches there too. app crashes or spontaneously exits my selections to “accept” for no reason and i have to start over. does not learn well, i have to reteach things over and over.
. app refuses login on my phone. pixel 2
. lousy compared to the ios app. bank does not sync and invoices that are over due don't show up
great app. very easy to use. reliable. every once in a while it has loading issues but it's rare.
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
. i haven't done much with the app yet, but so far so good. it seemed difficult at first however; the more i used it, the easier it became
. clean and intuitive great app for in the field estimates, this is probably my favorite feature. payment entries for cash payments is handy onsite as well.
great. makes invoices and estimates from phone look right professional. i use the desktop version as well and it would be great if the different versions spoke to each otherwise best solution by far
very well designed. since the dawn of tablets i’ve been patiently waiting for tablets and apps to be able to handle larger programs. because of quickbooks easy and convenient app. i have converted my business to all ipads. it has not only been an amazing tool for time management and popping out quick quotes. but is a big reason into my cost savings going from expensive laptops to ipads.
really love it,. make me simple i can input data of company everywhere that i want... thanks for this great apps.
poor compatibility. online version does not work with safari. quickbooks refused a refund stating it is not there issue. avoid and just get a good account
need ipad update. the ipad app should be as capable as the desktop version. when are we going to see this? iphone app is pretty stout but the ipad app needs update and soon.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
. makes billing simple on the road
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
not good for multiple businesses. this app is very basic. can't even view multiple accounts without logging out and logging back in.
exelent. nice app
. it sucks if you have credit problems you can't link bank and get payment they don't say that anywhere though do they
no app support for time activity. come on quickbooks! no time activity entry in the app?! ridiculous!
jan 2019 update is a fail. i’m a daily  hourly user. the january 2019 update won’t keep me logged in. after about 90 seconds i get an error message and get logged out.
. great app to use along side quickbooks online. i like being able to send estimates and invoices on my mobile device with the quickbooks app!
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
. nice app very usful and conviniant
awesome but missing bank account integration. very nice to have the books on mobile wherever i go. make invoices, record payments, add customers and service on the fly is very cool. i would like to see the bank account integration like mint does.
. awesome app. sabes me countless hours and allows me to have a simple effective mobile office for my contracting company
excellent app. easy to use. makes record keeping on the go a snap.
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
just no. the app isnt compatible with the galaxy s7 which is really inconvenient. 👎👎👎.
“updates”. every time i go to do something the app says it has to log me out to run updates. getting sick of typing my password constantly. (literally 100% of the time i try and use the app.) pretty much just use the website these days.
so efficient. love this software, especially the app!
very handy.. life made easier.
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
. absolutely overwhelming! you surround yourselves with the most incredible and pleasant staff. bill, just like the the other individuals that i talked with in the last two days are extraordinary and simply the best. thanks a lot for all your help. pedro
"about 710. not bad but not good. the app keeps requiring updates if used on apple products. not an issue but the updates never appear. quickbooks blames apple and apple blame quickbooks. we ""updated to the cloud version"" from a pcm based quickbooks. so far we are very very disappointed."
highly recommend for startups. qbo does everything that i need it to. it is a great dashboard to see where i am at, with the ability to add details to all of my transactions.
great app. the app is easier to use than the online version on a laptop. well done.
. why can't i login
. i've been using intuit, quickbooks, quicken for more years than i can count. i would never use another accounting software! i love quickbooks! easy to use
user friendly. it work great thanks!
. how do you update the bank feed manually? there's no refresh button and pulling down from the top doesn't work? super laggy after the latest update...re intuit, nope, no refresh pull down or button next to the + also, still crazy slow and choppy
love it.. i love this app. easy to use and is pretty reliable within little downtime. however i would like more options like inclusion of sku numbers and the ability to pay for subscriptions within the app.
. brilliant app, very easy to use even for beginners. also has great customer support for your problems and queries.
great app for managing your accounts.. great app, would definitely recommend it.
very intuitive. incredible app. i find it easier to use than the desk top version.
mostly simple app. mostly simple app. only issue is posting payments to invoice within app but online no problem.
app stopped loading after ios update. please fix
. cant send invoices via email like we used to. needs work. it really put us in a bad spot.
they got it now!. the online quickbooks works great. thank you. this app is really working and syncing, good job intuit.
not easy to use. simple tasks like entering a transaction are complex. app and online qb have a slow response when tapping things. just overall frustrating trying to switch from desktop qb to the app and online qb.
exactly what i need. amazing app and way simple to use!
. error everytime i log in, and requires password so often
great app. helps me stay on top of my business while away from the office and quickly send and receive invoices. love this app!
. adding time tracking to the app would be nice.
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
i can use my phone and ipad!. had the desktop version for years and loved it! always updated every couple of years and learned the new changes. then went to online version, little less features but was more mobile. now i have it at the office, or anywhere! some features are still a work in progress  like receiving payments, but this quickbooks team has been developing and updating since the beginning. great accounting software!
best accounts app. seems to be the best one out there, easy to use on iphone
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
getting too flaky. i’ve been a subscriber for about 2 years now but am now randomly getting locked out of the app where it thinks i don’t have a subscription! i’ve reported the issue , it always gets resolved but then returns ! went to do my accounts and quotes this weekend and guess what .... i’m locked out ... again! is that acceptable for a business app ! definitely not.
. this is a very user friendly app. i can modify and create estimatesinvoices on the fly! good work intuit!
basic functionality. just signed up for quickbooks online. the android app installed fine on my new samsung tablet. no issues running and using app. however, the app is minimal functionality. there is also no good dashboards like the pc or online web version of the program. pretty disappointed being development of such features is not complicated nor expensive for a home dashboard.
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
quick book app works amazing!!. love using the app for my tree company lets me be on the road and make up invoices.
unable to sign in.... same issue many users are having with the latest update, i can no longer sign into my account with the app.
easy to use. this app is so quick and easy. my business is on the go all of the time and it makes estimates and invoicing so quick and easy.
class. i can't seem to use classes in the app. i have them through the web version, but here i can't filter in the report. please add
update is awful.. please fix the app. it was great until the last update!! can't even get tech support without it crashing.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
easy to use. not too bad need more bug fixings
great app for small business owners!. i have a handyman business and this app made the paperwork side of the business easy!! i definitely recommend
talkatone. i love this app.
. does not support in india
. this app doesn't do payroll. apparently you can download quickbooks payroll but i couldn't find it. found it online and the google play website said the app is incompatible with all of my 7 different devices. sure this is available in the uk?
go payment and expenses. needs expense entry and to integrate with go payment to get 5 stars. 61014  5 stars. thank you. great features. great app.
. now, can't even access some of my clients from the app. i have sent the error logs several times to intuit, but no response. it keeps getting worse. lacking the fingerprint option to login. also, accepting transactions from bank feed in android not as smooth as it is in iphone. app starts freezing after accepting a few transactions. additionally, progressive invoicing does not work in the app. should make it more useful for accountants though, adding bank reconciliations capability would help.
. love this app
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
time expense and mileage. great product. inconsistent functionality across desktop, iphone and ipad. for us professional service peeps can we have time expense and mileage please!
cannot find anything useful in the app. how do i display a report of unpaid bills? far too limited to be of any use.
. does exactly what i need on the go.
not working properly after update #2. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. my books don't match from my phone to my computer. the pin still doesn't work, every time i edited an invoice it magically created a copy of an invoice that showed up 2 days later. now i have a ton of clean up to do in my books. it's time for me to find new accounting software.
great app. it sure is nice to be able to do things anytime anywhere.
. great app
ok app. missing alot of important features
great support. we use the app almost exclusively to keep our business mobile. recently had an issue and contacted customer chat to get it resolved. they had me screen record it happening and said they would push to engineering for fix. honestly didn’t expect anything fast but they fixed the issue and included it in the new patch. it’s been about a week or less so a big thank you the support teams for getting it fixed and getting us back to normal.
quick books. awsome app. helps when your always on the go.
. it's a great app for any business. easy to use and your data could be accessed any where you are.
. an amazing business tool. once you learn its functions, it's like having a professional cpa 247 for all your financial accounting needs! highly recommend this app.
. was unable to add transactions today
it's not working. it's not working in india for aondrid os .. useless app
. i can't start trial.... coz if i choose company name,it will vanish...
doesn’t always work. says it can’t show details on invoices. annoying.
india is not mentioned. sorry to say that but i uninstalled the app in 3mins because india as a nation is not mentioned.
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
can't create new invoice. very troublesome considering this was an app i raved to people about its efficiency yet now i can't even create a new invoice and earn money... just paid for premium too. very disappointed and would like my money back for each day the app is rendered useless.
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
very happy with qbo. it beats invoice2go and is very friendly to use. no doubt it's the #1 invoicing app.
longtime quickbooks user. always pleased with the updates. best program i've used. very user friendly
great app!. great app to use! very easy and fast.
quick books online. good for customer data base. good for invoicing and receiving payments. fair at tracking expenses. near useless as an accurate or bookkeeping tool when linked to a bank account. so many obscure and poorly explained manual actions required that error is easy to introduce and tech support usually makes things worse. one may as use good old fashioned paper ledgers and a calculator. don't trust it with your numbers!
awesome ap for a handyman. emailing my client the invoice or receipt is effecient and impressive. being able to enter expenses when they occur saves me office time. only fall back is i cant yet enter store charges.
. can't even use app from tablet
best app ever. i cant think of a better way to manage your bussinnes while you are on the go
band download not working. can't download bank transactions for months now.
. i can't receive payment directly to my bank account. somehow it goes to undeposited funds even if a choose cheque or direct debit.
mr. brilliant accountancy software,simple to use in the office or on the go.
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
love it. ian finally able to track my expenditures and income totally on the go. no more playing catch up! love that i have receipt images and that i can make notes that will refresh my memory on the exact thing i bought. just getting to putting my logo on invoices... i know that there is a lot mor that i can do with this program i am very much a beginner love what it does so far!!!!
. best app for doing business on the go! best customer service by far!
recent update worse. with the recent update, the app won’t load and immediately shuts down on me. : can’t access my accounting.
. i love this app
. this app helps me out alot i really like it.
what the crap?. great, now i won't be able to use qb on my iphone. guess i'll have to carry my laptop with me everywhere ughhhhhh. is this because i'm on 32bit iphone 5? i refuse to upgrade, please make it work again!!! 😫🐳
love this app!. this has solved my issue of remembering to create invoices after the service. so far i am loving this app :)
. we tried the free trial before purchasing.. quick books keeps changing my partially paid invoice to paid in full .. when i called tech support he told me to fix this problem its 129.00he was rude and started to raise his voice after i started hows it possible i have to pay that much for a free trial app when they are the ones causing the problem... quick books is no good.. and their tech support is the rudest customer service i've ever heard!
. love it. need to add ability to add bills via mobile app.
great app. it works flawlessly. does what it says. clean design
does it work?. great app. keeps me well ordered and never lets me down
tide business bank not supported :(. i'm rating this 1 star due to there being no support for setting a business account created via tide
. i use it for invoicing for a security and surveillance company and it does not give me any problems.
. i love it invoice right on the job
awful. doesn't work.. logs me out instantly every time i sign in... wish i could evaluate more. love the online version, but this app is struggling.
some quirks but overall a great app. love the ease of running the office portion of the business on the go. this app is very easy to use and manage your customers and your business.
does not intergrate with the desk top versions and is way more expensive. i bought the desk top version because i was told the app would work with it. now they are discontinuing the app and forcing users that need mobile access to use this, but it does not share data with the desk top version. it would not be so bad except that i bought and paid for qb for windows 2014 and is substantially more expensive in the long run.
great for my business. the app makes checking banking records and status of transfers easy. the app is also very intuitive. highly recommend.
working great. seem to be doing really well. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
the best app ever!!!!. there's no word i can use to describe this app. this is the best app i've ever seen. the functionality and the ease of use on iphone is amazing. 95% of my daily transactions are done on my phone. i love this app. good job intuit. no app does it better.
owner. terrible , there is no estimates workable , also 85 % of desktop does not show i have been in desktop for years and wanted to use both not any more
great accounting app. very happy with my quickbooks app.
it begins.... i liked it so much i have it for 2 seperate businesses and just moved my household accounting onto qbo. the accountant can get to everything from his desk, me from my phone. auto download of account data, auto reports are awesome!
improving phase one detsiling. awesome app to help budget and keep my finances straight. the one feature that i love is how our customers are not only sync online on our computer but also our iphones and android lg tablets. that is priceless
. qbo is great... however, the app sucks! the info on the home page is rarely if ever correct. paid invoices show as still do, p&l info is incorrect compared to what it shows on the website. now i can't edit downloaded transaction to add an image of my receipts. plus, it's no longer showing all of my accounts when i go to categorize a transaction. what the heck happened?!
it's very nice app. nice aap, now i can mange company whole activity
. if you have to write off expenses for your business like meals, travel ect.....get this app now!!!! very simple and user friendly.
quickbooks. great app for on the go
great app. with a little practice i'm happy to pay.
. this app is fo real ya'll
improving but still a long way to go. like the new dashboard, but need ability to set ytd totals, more report options, does not show all my bank accounts. needs to be more customizable. app does not replace the website version, which is still needed to do any real work. best feature is the easy way it handles the bank feeds.
invoice quantity wrong. when i go to create an invoice and type in a quantity of 1, the total amount equals zero no matter how much the amount. it isn’t calculating correctly. also, it states that the email address i type in is too long even though it is the same email address that i’ve used before.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
very useful. simple and very helpful
easy and user friendly. i have been using for 5 years
critical simple feature still missing  for years!. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
quickbooks renew account??. renewed my subscription for a year and i'm still locked out, every time i log in it keeps telling me to subscribe for 1 month i tried to go that way and it asked if i wanted to change my current year subscription? makes no sense.. wish some (tech support or program owner) fixes it i'm about to cancel it all..... wy small business owner
. very good app for qb
. very nice updates to the app. easy to use in the go.
crash crash crash. it used to work but now it crashes right when i try to open it.
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
cpo. love, love, love qb app! i can create invoices & sales receipts on the go & easily  even process credit card payments.
. ne fonctionne plus depuis hier
. perfect app for my realty estate business.
. does not load half the pages, keep having to link accounts multiple times, made my life hell, avoid
the worst app ever. this app is the worst app i have ever used. takes too long to update data .... and sync hardly ever works... does not have overview screen where it shows balances on accounts... no option to sort list differently... showing the oldest payments, open invoices on top... no option to change sorting methods... too many things to list...
. only thing i wish is that the app was more gear to service type industry like pest control other than that phenomenal app
. honestly it's great, good for simple business use.. links well back to qb online.
. great app simplified my daily work.
. great app! the ability to update my account regesters on the go would make it a 5 star app.
. does what it says on the tin.
rubbish. absolutely rubbish since the last update . keeps crashing on iphone xr. screen message = app needs to close due to critical updates. happens 2030 x times a day when trying to set up an invoice estimate etc. test your updates before release you them, you idiots!
. great app! easy to use and helps me keep track of our church income and expenses.
needs purchase orders. work in the construction industry and the biggest nightmare is a po system. you can create them online but this app does not allow for po generation which is a huge draw back. if this could be added in it would be a 5 star but till that get added it's very limiting.
owner. useful for small business. able to use mobile app and coordinate with online.
bad service. very bad service customer support team is bad zero star........
. great app
no ability to schedule an invoice. we need to be able to schedule invoice sending setting up reoccurring transactions is not a way around this. will give 5 stars if this feature is developed
. so easy to use and navigate
. pretty good overall..a free bits missing such as receive payment straight to bank account but after a few years resisting online i'm now a fan!
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go and how it syncs with quickbooks online.
. i like the service and how quick invoices are sent to claims
. excellent accounting software. does everything i need to manage my business accounts.
it works for about 10 transactions.... then it freezes and incorrectly categorizes your selections. lots of fun.
nothing works for me. nothing works for me with this app. if i login using desktop, qbo is ok but when i use the app, there is no information; no clients, no invoices, nothing. the subscription says i have a free trial until 2037. phone support was unsuccessful.
purchase orders. i have been asking them for years to add the ability to create and view purchase orders. this is all i use quickbooks for, and they won’t let you do it from the app!
newest update ruins app. after updating my app touch id no longer works and i can't receive payments and clear invoices anymore also it makes me sign in every time i open the app , before this update the app worked perfect and deserved a 5 star rating , you have ruined it and made it unusable , you need to fix this.
great helpful app. i use sever times a week when on the go
. not useful in india at all
. makes life easier
. very easily can invoice on the go
good app. very useful
half way. all i really want is something i can scan in my receipts with. they say they have this feature but they don’t. even the free wave accounting app has this feature and now i’m left wondering what the point of paying for this service is with an alternative such as wave.. not looking like i’ll be bothering to continue after this free trial if they can’t compete with a free alternative otherwise quite functional.
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
. this has to be the worst app going zero customer support constantly lied too been trying for 3 weeks to send an invoice and they don't care as long as you keep paying absolute rip off...not far from being a scam spoke to managers about problems and still nothing done do don't waste your time or money...try any other program or stick to pen and paper far better and less stressful
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 2 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank, calculate the vat! the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
. very hard to do on phone
. quickbooks is perfect for managing your business expended and for generating invoices and receipts.
very beneficial app. this is a very beneficial app. it does not replace the pc version but is an excellent aid. it's helpful to send invoices on the go or at the end of a service call. the sooner the customer gets invoice the more chance i have of getting paid. it is a very good aid!
awful!. this latest update is awful! i have had nothing but problems saving notes and attachments. plus it looks really weird! i like the previous version much better, it actually worked! thanks for messing up a perfectly good product!
very good for any kind of business!. quickbooks is great app for managing the everyday finances. it's very fast to send invoices, with this app all income and expenses are simple and quick.
beware price increases.. i love the functionality, but i've had two price increases since becoming a subscriber to the online service. the entire point of a subscription model is so that the company has a sustained income in order to continue developing and my costs stay fixed every month. this isn't acceptable so i'll be looking for other solutions soon.
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
easier than all other apps. i literally tried out a dozen other apps trying to get one free or cheap. efforts were futile. i broke down and bought this one and never happier. it works like a charm and no dead buttons. does what i want it to do and no limitations.
intuitive. qb does a great job with the app. easy to understand if you use qb online.
. excellent i love this app. have used for months on droid razr, not one problem. integrated with my computer, i use this in the field for sprinkler business. 100 percent happy.
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
not happy. doesnt let me connect my bank (santander) asks for a code that i dont know or my bank 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ useless
absolutely stunning app. best of all the time n useful too
. good app and easy to use.
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
not enough!. this app does not have the functionality that qbo has. therefore, useless. if we can't use the ipads in the store, what use is the app? 1. can't enter an invoice with the details 2. can't enter a vendor bill and do splits. 3. can't put payments in undeposited funds. 4. yep, useless.
awesome!!!. fantastic and love how much this program does for you. very simple to use.
easy, quick & thorough!. love this online version! i've been using it for my business for over a year! we send out about 100 different invoices every month and it's great!
don’t purchase from app store. over priced
". terrible customer service, took my money for a monthly subscription, then did not activate my subscription and now after 3 days of 10 pm3 am ""customer service"" messages, resulting in absolutely nothing, richie more or less told me i'm screwed and intuit, inc is keeping my money and that i can try to get a refund from google for my intuit subscription. poor business. if anyone wants to actually see what richie says, message me and i'll forward conversations."
fantastic app. the best bookkeeping app available. love this app. my bookkeeping has never been so up to date.
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
incredible. more efficient that this program nothing
mr. great app!
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
lost a key feature!!!😡. update is great except they took away the option when creating a new customer to use a contacts info that's on the device.
. not the smoothest running game app
. the wish access to my qb account has been great to keep a pulse on the business as well as getting cash expenses in before i forget about them.
constant errors. errors have gone away working flawlessly!
makes business smooth and efficient.. i am self employed and have been using the pro version for several years now. it makes business documents and transactions smooth and organized. i take credit card payments via invoices. worked great for me and my clients.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
qb online. i like the app but there are a few glitches. can not run some reports.
easy for newbie. started out with the desktop version of qb and migrated to the qbo platform. so much better for me and easy to use now. i can send a quote from my phone and then invoice once the job is complete which for a lazy guy like me keeps me on tasks done billing times quicker. highly recommended
needs updates. same app. works okay but very limited functionality. i figured since online version was updated they would've made changes here too. disappointed at how's long it's taking qb to add accounting functionality to this app.
do not use mobile to create your account. lost all our data on our old account because apparently if you first sign up using ios you absolutely cannot continue the subscription using your computer. had to just make a new account. you also can’t access any of the profile from the computer once the subscription runs out so i wasn’t able to download and save any of the data either. do not use mobile to create yor account.
great app  easy to use. enough said. it helps me keep track of my invoicing as well as my expenses. great for small businesses.
can't login. every time i try to login it says that i don't have an online subscription.
still needs work. this is a good general product, but many basic things are still missing. it is significantly better than the last time i tried qbo.
. disappointed with the app. does not show payments posting to accounts within the past 24 hours. it showed payments posted 4 or more days.
unable to download. i am trying to download the app but could not
nothing but disappointment. car tracking constantly shows that there is uncategorised trips when it is up to date. software won’t integrate with desktop version. 3 days before end of financial year quickbooks stops bank account updating inputs. then quickbooks support solution causes double entries. two week later accounts won’t update anymore again.
