one thing. i give it four stars cause i cant figure out how to keep it completely updated and current, i have qb on my computer and i have information on there that does not show up on the app, but overall its perfect.
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
update???. aren't things supposed to get betterlol
awesome app!!!. so easy to use!
. having problems adding customers. works great beside that i can't add customers with the app. kind of bothersome but just have to go through the internet.
useless app. mileage tracking is grossly inaccurate, way too many inadequacies and limitations on the invoicing and accounting features. this app is a joke. i tried it for several months and have lost money as a result of it's shortcomings. the positive reviews here must be fake. do your research and search the web for accurate reviews. i recommend everlance as a better option.
great for my small business!. all my invoices, sales receipts and estimates right at my finger tips. no need to wait until i have computer access. saves tons of time and i can get paid much quicker!
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
update ruined a great small business tool. quickbooks use to be an awesome tool to let us send invoices after a job is completed on the spot. it also allowed a user to edit payment information anywhere via the mobile app. this is now all gone thanks to the new update. if it is not fixed soon, we are looking into transferring our accounts to another system.
. good app
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
. worked ok for a couple if weeks but home screen no longer visible on galaxy s10
so happy. awesome app
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
. my business depends on qb and thankfully the web portal works. on my samsung s8 however, all this app does is give me an unresponsive black screen if i'm lucky enough to even load a login screen. not compatible with samsung s8 apparently. this app is trash. stick to the web portal and save yourselves the aggravation.
. great app
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
keeps locking up. the app keeps telling me i need to update to the latest version, but i already have it. it won't let me log on. frustrating. please fix or revert back to previous version until glitches are fixed.
great app. i using this app for my business is so easy the handle it thank you guys for this great app
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
useless out in the field can't work off line. useless out in the field can't work off line and constantly wants you to refresh data. does not support star portable printers. waist of space on cell phone gave it a second try useless creating a invoice have to use search window to find items. had to go use desktop instead of my ipad pro because would of took all night to do a invoice.
great app!. easy to navigate and great to have access with you at all times. love it!
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
the option yo use qbo doea not work for ages. the option to use google maps for location misdirects you to install google maps even if it is already installed. this issue had been there since ages and they don't fix it. that's why rated bad. google maps is a must for me. apple maps suck but the app leaves you helpless with apple maps.
makes my work easier and faster. this apps worth every dollar i paid for.. it makes everything easier and faster
. very good, i am on trial not sure how much full experience will cost, i'll update when i can
. so you have to purchase the software for desktop but if you want to sync it to mobile you have to pay monthly to use this app? why is this? why is there no onetime fee option?
simply amazing for the newbie!!. as a sole trader, i am so impressed at how simple this product is to use!! it has saved my bacon on a number of occasions!! collating reports at an instant!! not to mention looking professional to my clients every time i send an invoice !! highly recommend this to anyone wanting to commence on the journey of being your own boss!! what a game changer indeed!
tax invoice as per india standard. dear, please give us more invoice style templates as per india stander
not happy with this. i've used quickbooks for years and have several corporations that i handle on the program. i'm also computer literate and have been a quickbooks tester in the past i'm not happy that it took me a whole day to download and set up payroll and still haven't figured out how to print reports for my customers or check for that matter
. does everything i need and more!
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
. has potential but hasn't let me update any transactions since day one. tells me to try back in a few hours. not the best way to run a business budget. update: it's been a week and still broken. performed all the suggestions in the response article. update 2: yeah did email them like you asked. still waiting for a reply...
. works great for me sending invoices and receiving money
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
not easy to use. simple tasks like entering a transaction are complex. app and online qb have a slow response when tapping things. just overall frustrating trying to switch from desktop qb to the app and online qb.
i love quick books!!!. this app has made doing business easy for our company. it had allowed me to make my car a mobile office. i can do everything i need on the go. i wish the app allowed you to filter accounts by city, state but i am still very happy with it. sky sunner ceo thebloodycure
just started. i just started my business and only had a few transactions. when i downloaded qb online it was simple and everything reconciled perfectly. it's easier then the old software too which i am use to using.
bad customer service and bad app. i’m use only one month is the most terrible app. never used this app
worth the price. i am a small business owner, i was having to write out estimates and bills but since i have this app....... life is way easier!!! now i have more time to do the work and less hassle with the paperwork.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
not worth it. just a trial...................
at your fingertips. it's nice to be able to send invoices and check your books anywhere you are. haven't had any issues.
almost perfect. it would be perfect if there was an overview dashboard that showed outstanding invoices like the online dashboard.
. you're using it under a free trail and once it's up you nolonger have access to the app
ease!. makes likes easy as i'm out with clients, i can look up their invoices quickly and get information fast. user friendly. sometimes better than using the web version.
great app but one major flaw. overall this is a fantastic app that allows me to keep up on my books. there is one thing that is extremely annoying though.. the camera and auto crop feature is terrible! please don't assume my images need to be cropped because the tool cuts off the image most of the time. maybe make this optional?
terrible. glitchy. doesn't update new transactions. hard to navigate compared to desktop qbo app. honestly, intuit knows it can do better than this. they're just greedy.
i is a app every body need .. back ground check one of my friend die yesterday ok lady's meet men online.
yep. great app...appart from the lack of multi currency function...and would be great if we could easily switch company as on the web
limited for multi user. i wanted to be able to have a an app that i could send with my field employees. this one does not allow more than gross limits on data.
excellent app for small business. been using this app for 2 years and we have no complaints. most efficient app for operating a small business. a+
i use it with all my clients!. having a business solutions & consulting biz for years there have been times i've lost notes or even lost billable time. having the ease of this program not only resolves that, but it also runs easily in multiple platforms including my preferred operating system utilizing a linux distribution.
no recurring transactions. why the hell would you make an app if it can't do any thing but read. i want to edit recurring transactions; edit and send invoices; and see every report. this is absolutely stupid, just sign in from a browser.
organized. been in business for 20 years and been using this app for a year. love it. still lots beyond my abilities and i wish there was a little more help in the app for the accounting inept like me but i just bring the app to my accountant and they can pull all the data needed. recommend it. see sales, cost, accounts receivable at any given moment.
qb. it would be 5 but i use it on several devices doesn't sync well phone app need more functilnality
"latest upgrade is a disgrace. i have never written a negative review of an upgrade, but the latest version of this app made a great app totally useless. you can no longer receive invoices or reconcile bank balances. do yourself a favor and delete the quickbooks app rather than ""upgrade."" the mobile website is more useful than the app."
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
great app & program  must improve search engine. fantastic program with brilliant features. it does need some urgent fixes. one being to be able to search through an account such as cash sales and be able to find a name, address or phone number.
no good. this app only works if you have the online account version
new version is slick. adding items in the new ui is simple and concise.
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
ios impacts the rating. it is impossible to fathom that in 2019 i cannot view andor pay sales tax on my ipad whether i use the quickbooks app or via a web browser. and how is it that i cannot enter bills on my ipad? given what intuit charges for qbo and payroll, which we use, this is totally unacceptable.
. i'm hooked love to send estimates and invoices on the fly.
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
company activity and payments are not updating!. the new version does not work!!
. still trying to figure out if i want to use this program, but i like what i have used so far
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
very unintuitive. is hard to tell which expenses are finalized which ones aren't. it's just not a very friendly interface.
. great app, does everything i need while out and about. makes evening paperwork easier.
. i've been using quickbooks for about 15 years. i recently switched from the desktop version of the software to online, and that's ok. this, on the other hand, feels clunky and difficult to manage. i still use it because we're so entrenched in the quickbooks family, but based on this mobile app, i'd definitely look for alternatives of i as starting now.
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
. great app making it easier to track all of my business finances. and the fact that i can connect it to my other business apps saves me so much time.
expenses. how do add an expense thats on a 30 or 60 day account?
. i cant even login. the apps crush everytime i am trying to login!!
. works as advertised, simple to use and learn.
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
logging out.... every time i open the app, it logs out. so now i have to keep my qb password with me. love qb but hate this app. have raised the issue, been ignored.
easy to use. a very easy to use software that is cloud based with a great phone app. i’ve been using this for some time now and it evolves every year. most for the best. a helpful help call centre should you have any problems. 4 stars as i don't believe you can back this up
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
. country like bahrain and kuwait currency has three decimal. is there any option to set currency in three decimal? we submitted so many requests regarding this issue but no response
love it. so easy to use and fantastic customer support for those of us who are not good at this kind of thing, would highly recommend quickbooks for all small businesses, we love that being online we can have it on all our devices and have what ever we need on hand all the time, no more leaving quotes at home! invoicing on the run is great too.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
. poor font style selection, own style updation can't doing from qb support team, complaint registered more than one month. can you please refund amount?
home improvement. great app
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
. app crashes a lot. several times after updates are made to the app it will crash after i have to sign in again. now it just crashes after i try to sign in.
great app. for on the go consultants, this is amazing. get paid faster by sending an invoice right after a service visit.
better if had a progress invoice option.. almost complete, but not perfect. still missing progress invoices feature. i’m using 2 apps because i need that.
. when it works it works great. however i have to periodically delete and reinstall the app because it gets buggy entering new expenses. it will get locked in the expense screen. in the locked screen if i hit save 5 times it will record the transaction 5 times while still sitting in the entry screen.
. very helpful people to assist. easy to use in general. a little difficult to get head around undeposited funds and matching balances. yet great looking invoices and easy to track when payments are due.
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
"don't download latest version!!. software was great before the latest update. now, no more touchid support, no ability to email invoices. we all remember what apple did with the maps mess, i wonder if intuit will have the testicular fortitude to ""can"" the person who attempted to update the already good software?"
makes things sooo easy. can send invoices on the go. super easy. love it! total game changer!
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your laptop or desktop.
poor. the program is slow and it is hard to find what you want. does not compare to their desktop version.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
update broke. i cannot accept transactions. the only things accessible on the baking screens are back and trash. please fix otherwise it’s useless.
excellent. i love this app. best ever
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
iphone app is the worst. the iphone app doesn't work. their customer service people admitted it doesn't work. don't even try to use it  too frustrating and a big waste of time. online version and ipad versions are good but too limited for price  reports can't compare year over year
. great app. as a small business im able to send my customers invoices and customize them to fit my company needs. i love this app and highly recommend to small business owners that needs to keep track of all of thier company finance. thank you quick book for making my life easy.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
transferring to turbotax. transferring company file from online quickbooks to turbotax is only was possible by transferring the company file to desktop quickbooks and from there to turbotax. to do this transition you will need an old computer with windows 7 and ie11 32 bit. totally ridiculous and intuit looks does not care about this issue and left their customers alone with the issue. it’s a shame.
excellent. best app to run your business
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
. very user friendly. qbo makes my task simple and easy.
time entry. i would really use this app if time entry was part of it. that would be something i could really use on the road.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
. easy to use.i make work much easier. however, i cant enter a supplier bill. only as an expence
time tracking. i can create an estimate on the go and keep track of my time in a job.
. doesn't have my back in its list, so it's useless. i've cancelled my subscription. when i contacted support, they were obsessed with my subscription, rather than the actual issue.
. great app...has issues every now and again but easily fixed with tech support!
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
fast and easy. makes life easy not having to reach a computer to send an invoice!
great accounting software. i previously used myob, thank goodness i changed to this  it is light years ahead and is saving me huge amounts of time.
garbage. signed up to their free trial, spent hours putting up my receipts only to be told i have to start again because of an error at their end. now locked out of my account and all my original receipts have faded taking even more hours trying to communicate with them to gain access to my account
great app.. i am new to quickbook, but found this app as very helpful tool to run a small business, no matter where i am, at home, in the office or on the road. thanks +++++
nice, but they increased price a lot!. i like the app but am concerned with how much they just increased price for my service.
desperate for mobile. same as when i tried it in 2012. devoted qb online user, but this app is useless to me. this app may help sales people, but does nothing for management. no banking, no reporting, no transactions.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go.
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
so much you can't do on the app!!. app is a bit pointless as so much you can't do that you end up having to go onto web based site to do
game changer. highly recommend qbo for any business trying to keep up with the cloud.
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
can someblet tell me where are my products ???. trying to do a new invoice but can’t see my products once i hit the + bottom
best app ever. love quickbooks online.... easiest way to keep all my accounts and expenses in order.
good for viewing, not for editing. can't seem to figure out how to allocate new transactions.
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have littleno confidence in the product.
great app for business.. a ++ must have app
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go but would love to have the actual versus budget comparison on the dashboard instead of having to bring up a report.
. can't edit invoice # can't edit invoice # so if you aren't entering the next invoice in line (like if you skip a number) there's no way to save it correctly with the correct invoice number. fail. tells me i've already got the next invoice # entered bc it won't let you edit invoice #. what's the point of trying to do it mobile if you're going to be told you have to do it online? waste of my time.
. a little bit confusing for new users, but overall an ok experience. online version is better
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
. doesn't work on my dell tablet. called customer support in january and they said software glitch should be fixed in two weeks. it's been two months and still not working!
simple but professional. i could just learn most of it by myself, at least for my small nonprofit organizational needs. but would like to see more nonprofit features in the mobile version as well!
. need to integrate payroll and qb into one app. quickbooks payroll mobile app is not what expected. not sure why employees are not visible in qb's online mobile app.
no longer works on ipad. this app is no longer functioning as of the most recent update. it used to work on the ipad. the camera feature is difficult to use when trying to take a picture of receipt. it doesn't allow me to record payments any longer. please fix.
great app!!. i love it! this program has totally transformed our family business!!
"very convince. i wish i could you the ""classes"" functionality from my phone though... i just upgrade my online account today and was super excited about that functionality... but it appears not to be available on my phone... which means i can scan my receipts and enter my expenses. but still have to login to assign a class... which is repetition. .."
overly complicated for sole prop. this app is useless for simple small business money in money out, it shouldn’t be this hard and definitely not worth the fight
thumbs up for the business help!!!. take the time to go through the tutorials and this is an amazing app to help with any small business!!!
great app! but quickly falling behind the ios version. our business purchased nexus 7 4g as it is much more cost effective and portable than an ipad mini. i recently looked at the ios capabilities in accessing my quickbooks data, i was very surprised to see so many more options. signature capture. scan a credit card from within the app etc etc. all of these feature are not on the android version but on ios. :(
. propaganda enganosa falava qu e o aplicativo estava media de 13 reais fiz a assinatura sem o primeiro mês de teste já quererem cobrar quase 49 reais não quero isso por favor cancele. além de não dar para usar um aplicativo tão complicado agora anuncia um valor barato depois cobra mais de 3 vezes esse valor. cancele não quero. nem usei. instalei hoje e já estou desinstalando.
. wonderful app! extremely helpful when needing to createsend an invoice on the fly
pretty good but, but no bill entry????. i have found this to be somewhat helpful for reviewing expenses, but it would be fantastic if i was able to pay bills on the go. i would love to be able to keep my business mobile by using the camera to “scan” invoices and submit them for payment right from the app. a core function that is surprisingly absent. this is a must for future development. without it, the app just come up short...
good for on the go business#. great app for mobile business. lacks some of the functionality of desktop version. i like the way i can record every transaction on the go, even invoices and payments. i don't like the fact that you can run only one business per subscription. much to expensive to pay separate for subscriptions if you have more than one business.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. i love the update with the option to deposit money in different accounts
pretty good. app doesnt have enough functionality though, need to go to the website version all the time
could be better. this online app could be a lot better. limited in what it can do, but not bad for the cost
. great app! i can look things up on the go. very important for my business.
. you should make the interface exactly the same as the desktop version. we don't mind paying more for online, knowing that we constantly get updates, and logon capabilityfrom any computer and can have the online backups. but having the desktop vs online being totally different and opposite from eachother is annoying. i will give 5 stars when this changes.
. intuit sucks! scamming company ran by non english speaking reps. bought simple start 2007 for 125.00 with online access ,etc. in 2010 they ended all support for this software. that is shady. they promise you all these free services and then years later a foreigner informs you that all support has ended. to better serve there newer products. they suck.
quickbooks online. i love it! i have been using the software for quite some time. quickbooks products are one of the best accounting software i have used. i have used peachtree, and power church plus. in my opinion they don't compare.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
. please update. can't login
easy to use!. love being able to take photos of receipts on the go!!
office assistant. i am still a huge fan of the desktop version! the one great thing about the qbo is the online feature! it still needs improvements. if you have multi companies you have to pay individual packages for each company and log out to be able to log on the other. there is no switch between companies feature on the phone app like on the desktop and the full qbo site.
review me nags frosts mediocre program. for all the noise, qbo is poorly written at best and limiting at worst. but it's all you get to choose from so they're evidently hesitant to improve it. wishing for an alternative.
great app. very happy with this app!
. billing the customer at the job sites
need to improve!. the sole trader app is great for what i do including logging travel however i am registered for gst and therefore cannot use it. i have to go to the online version and just discovered you have to buy the plus version to link to recommended logbook app. qb you need to provide gst to the sole trader app or at the very least provide the same logbook function for the other qb packages.
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app
. can't log in why won't it let me sign in? this is awful! please fix quickly!!
. there are many bugs and glitches. the ios version allows bank feed updates and this one doesn't!! still doesn't. still buggy.
. very good app
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
horrible app.. when the app is down more than few times a month, it's not convenient especially when you have to hand write the invoice and than redo on qb later on , it's frustrating when this becomes an every week story.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
not happy with this. i've used quickbooks for years and have several corporations that i handle on the program. i'm also computer literate and have been a quickbooks tester in the past i'm not happy that it took me a whole day to download and set up payroll and still haven't figured out how to print reports for my customers or check for that matter
playback publishing. good accounting app
. i wish this was a completely free app.
the worst app ever. this app is the worst app i have ever used. takes too long to update data .... and sync hardly ever works... does not have overview screen where it shows balances on accounts... no option to sort list differently... showing the oldest payments, open invoices on top... no option to change sorting methods... too many things to list...
great app. absolutely helpful and useful
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
. best value accounting app hands down
app as of lately. every time  every single time  i open app, it tells me it must log out because it’s running critical updates. it worked fine until a week ago. not sure if it’s related to apple software but it’s getting old.
qb app fail. app is very frustrating. sometimes works great but most of time wants to download company data and 15 min later still not downloaded. i try over and over and give up. then every once in awhile it works. fix or get rid of.
excellent. great app and program.
getting better.... last used this bout a year ago. i dunno if it's me or the app but it seems much more intuitive now.
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program.
great business app. i truly do not know where my business would be without this app.
kevin morton. easy. not using any other software.
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
superb. smart accounting app
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
crash books pro. this terrific app asks you every few minutes to rate their program knowing that you want to tell the world how you can't send out an invoice without the app crashing. *update* i am having more issues with the app then ever. i can only assume quickbooks is either more useless then i thought. or they are retaliating for my review of their product. i have never had any program work this bad and i have worked it.
. this app is just perfect. simple and easy to use and anyone without any accounting background can easily adapt to use it. 👍
app crashing ios13. app is crashing in io13
quickbooks online. i wish the app was easier and more full functional but then the whole online product is sorely lacking relative to the old offline product. saas makes such a difference for smbs but intuit has missed the boat on the cloudbased solution. ugh!!
easy, fast and efficient. this app keeps me organized and on top of my cash flow. it is easier to use than the web interface and it's always with me when i'm on the road. as a mobile trainer, this is invaluable. once customers and vendors are set up, it takes seconds to update invoices, payments, and receipts. highly recommend.
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
. still lots for me to learn so cant say 5 out if 5
. i have been experiencing some trouble when doing the banking reconciliation function. every other app works fine, and even quickbooks is okay until i use the banking feature. updated everything and rebooted phone, still very slow. using an lg v10
. sucks. cant login. all intuit apps are broken. support takes weeks to respond. i going to cancel my monthly service and go with a different accounting software. longtime customer but no longer.
. great app
. this app works great on my computer but will not allow you to accept deposits on a mobile device.
no pdf attachment. 3 stars as the app only able to upload photo of the invoice, not other format. you need to understand that pdf is much small in size and more practical for mobile upload. as for photo, it is at least 3m nowadays and it took almost 1 min or 2 to finish the upload.please look into it in next upgrade
. very easy to maintain my account
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
. quickbooks online has been great, downloaded this app to make life quicker when not in the office. however, for expenses i have found it unusable as the same payment methods i am using online are not available on the app and therefore it messes up the consistency of my transactions. very disappointed as had high hopes, have yet to test the differences whilst invoicing.
great tool for small business. i'm a self taught qb online user. was very intimidating at first, but what makes the difference is the amazing phone support staff. they are so patient and professional, i've never had to wait long for them to answer either. i highly recommend qb for anyone who wants to understand their business better and make better business decisions.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
. this app does not get sign in its just waste of time not getting sign in
quickbooks online. great app!
. usefull and effective. it needs improvement in its mobile features. creating delivery challan and entering gst details while adding new customers isn't available currently. hope to see this feature soon in the app
crashing non stop. keeps crashing when trying to sign in, couldn't even use trial, useless crap, trial expired, done the usual uninstallreinstall, still didn't work
great functionality. great app! great way to keep up with receipts on the go.
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
hate the app. limited functionality of the app makes it virtually useless... unless i have access to a pic or laptop, i can't do all the things i need to do. the program itself is good, just not sure why the app hasn't caught up yet.
. good app does great now that you can do more with it!
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
not easy to do it all on app. find trying to complete and send vat return a headache. also we use coop bank doesn’t tie up with qb nor does it with starling business bank
. overall is a very good app. the only issue that i have right now is that i can't print wallet checks on the online version.
consider other programs.... purchased quickbooks for the fact it is easy to photograph receipts and upload, which worked for about 2 weeks and now always comes up with a error.... tried reinstalling etc, still doesn’t work. useless.
absolute garbage. the ios app and their windows and os x apps are trash. constant workflow interruptions to relogin, then reauthenticate via email. i've spent hours typing in password and security codes in the last month for no reason. same ip, same computer... no need to constantly log me out and ask for another security code. the only thing their security seems to do is keep me out of my account.
. awesome ,app way to go. definitely worth the money with the latest updates and great customer service!!! a big big thank you to the great quick books team, the best in the business :)
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
poor design. very hard to navigate and understand. customer service only works bankers hours and not when you need them.
simplifies. this app makes it really easy and fast to manage receipts and expenses.
mileage tracking not working. the app works well except for mileage tracking
. compared with the apple version, the android version scrolling doesn't work
great. it's a lot easier to use that the 10.0 version i had installed. love that i can invoice customers right thru email and get paid within 2 days!! linking bank accounts is is a huge plus too! ! i'm honestly excited about tax season this year!
. great but sometimes invoices lock with the inability to edit unless opened with a different device.
garbage update. please test all your updates before releasing them to paying clients!!! invoicing issues, client search issues, expense issues, wth!!!
app is great for any business. i have a small business and this application is awesome. especially if you have a mobile business. this make like so much easier for your customer to pay online. inventory management is very easy to use and update
. i have already paid for this software and it would be great if this came free as it does with my security and vendors software. it is not worth $9.99 a month when i still have issues with it.
mobile app. not happy. i am on the phone with support everyday. won't print on app or on chrome. they don't know what to do. this mobile is worthless to me. i don't have time for this!
very useful. just as fluid as the full version on my pc. easy to use, and can generate invoices quickly..
. please add support for whattsup business app
. not being free hurts. if this app was free and did not require a subscription to use for us that buy qb pro i would give this app a 45 star rating. this app is not perfect but what really hurts it is the price being 10 dollars a month to use this app.
. i could not conduct business without qb. perfect fit for a busy company with daily billing. simple ui that allows you to quickly send invoices, follow up on past due, monitor sales and generate reports. we are very pleased with qb.
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
. service sucks.
best app yet. i manage my invoices and customers everywhere this is great. okay for the monthly cost.
clue live design. i'm a small business owner and pretty new on here too. since i have had quickbook payments i never receive any problem on the product via laptop, phone or ipad. i see the updates been give problem for others but it just work excellent for me.
. very slow app
great app. just started to use. easy to navigate. have had no issues.
. made delivering estimates to my customers an immediate action. right from my car in front of their residence.
rubbish. ridiculously hard app! can't even edit or customize invoices with ease on computer. to difficult. better off with myob!!
. love the ease of use for this app.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
phoned in. this could be such a cool extension, but like a lot of qb online, it feels a bit phoned in.  expenses show without account coding  what's the point?  report viewing is limited  dashboard is not customizable
david hall. great app , excellent for small business
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
switching between account requires logout and login. so annoying, especially since there is no support for touch id. why can't you let us switch from within the app?
simple, quick, the best!. simple, quick, the best!
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
. horrible
great. great app
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
credit card interface is awesome. i know all apps aren't perfect, but this one does everything i need. i'm so happy when i can set up a new client, invoice and receive payment immediately! this has really improved my cash flow!
small business. way to complex and slow going to make a new invoice for a new customer on the fly
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
no complaints. does the job.
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
it worked good until it didn't. i can't even login it says app closed
great tool for simple bookkeeping. my business is only income and expenses and cash basis, no inventory, so this tool is great and easy. i do all my book keeping from my phone.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
. i wanted to subscribe this application. when i try to signup i got error i again try to signup got message this application is not available in india.
i love it!. works great! love the accessibility, i use the app to send invoices easily while i'm on the go and my clients can pay online, through the invoices i send them. definitely worth every penny!!
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
great software. great software just the when printing description in my home language it gives squares
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
did update have had issues ever since. cannot download all of he files needed keep getting error code 10000. no resolution
. estimate and invocies are greate only thing i would like to see change is a quixk customer function so i do not have to add every one
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
buggy. since updating to the latest version i can’t view invoices from the home screen or even update and send invoices from the invoices screen. hire some competent engineers.
changed the way we do business. i love this app. we needed something that we could easily use in the field. we can create estimates, invoices, receive payments and even attach check images to those payments. our productivity has skyrocketed. quickbooks has figured out the mobile accounting software. customers for life.
not free. unless i missed it this app says free. when you try to utilize it, it asks for $$$. if i'm wrong i will change the review immediately.
logs me off all the time. every single day this app automatically logs me out, displays a message that there’s been a critical update, and that i need to log in again. even worse it requires you to actually enter the password rather than allowing face id authentication.
very useful. i run a small business with this software. i haven't found anything better yet!
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
great!!. works so well. love how easy it is to use, love how seamless the app works as well as the computer version. so easy to send invoices via email. was so happy when i found out easy it is to use!
. it is a great app but there are some days like today when i cannot open the app on my phone and keep saying i should restart it. i really needed to send some invoices today but i couldn't.
convenient but you pay for it. this app is really handy but they jack the prices up on you once you’ve gone through all the hassle of inputting your info. they know you won’t probably mess with changing programs once you’ve wasted all that time and energy. it is nice to use, however.
easy to use on the go!. super convenient way to keep up with your accounting and invoices from anywhere on the go.
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
touch id is pointless. needs work!. the new update was supposed to fix the touch id issue. you can log in via touch id. however if you kill the app or restart your phone, you need to log back in using your password. what is the point? i want to log in via touch id everytime. that's what it's there for.
great app. best way to get you paid and look professional.. quickbooks thanks for making it so easy for me to get my business going. very convenient and efficient.
needs expenses  time functionality.. obvious missing functionality.
spam generator. don't get involved with intuit. they're stalkers. whatever utility the app has is outweighed by the spam
. this app is one of the most important tools for my business.
. all selfemploy business need a quickbook to hepl delivered business closure with your busines transaction .
cannot perform some basic banking.. after two years of waiting for the app to be capable of making deposits, it still cannot. that certainly seems like a very fundamental process.
. love this app. makes tax time so much easier. couldn't be much happier.
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
". was great, while it worked. like the previous review, on a galaxy s9 i just get a blank dashboard and cannot enter new expenses. so the product has no use. not very impressed with qb's ""we're working on it"" response. this should have been basic testing done by the team, not by paying customers."
really love it,. make me simple i can input data of company everywhere that i want... thanks for this great apps.
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
. dont bother if you dont have access to pc or laptop.basic features like editing customer email is not available on mobile devices including tablets.if an invoice isnt sent because the recipient email address sends it back,you have no way of knowing that an error has occurred even when attempting to check via any web browser.caused me £1000's of cashflow headache. contacted customer support,got a nonsensical response.made it sound like the problem is an actual feature of the app and software.
. i love the receipt capture feature.
". creo está app buena administración de empresas x ese motivo desidi "" instalarla y google como responsable de negocios, se entienda, bien con esta empresa y tiene juegos de lotería de los casinos, también, para yo jugar en ratitos,"
app slow to load and won’t save transactions. this is a new glitch since the update
awesome.. works great for invoicing and reports. love being able to email and print invoices and estimates from my phone. i don't use it for payroll.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
it's broke :(. wonderful app, latest update has caused many issues, including signing in with fingerprint or app code. have to do a full sign in each time with email and loooooong password. hope they can fix soon! 😩😖😤
. this app has, literally, changed my financial standing. as a fantastic it engineer but rubbish at business management i would struggle to arrange invoices for the many small jobs that i do. now, with this app, i'm able to raise and send invoices on the spot!
quickbooks. it's an alright app. can be too difficult. but there aren't many other options.
. horrible experience continues with indian counterpart. asked for refund twice they have sent transaction confirmations details till date money not credited even after mailing bank details and statements. customer care and refunds are two seperate teams with no interaction. had asked for refund in early dec 2018 now it is jan 2019. sales person and customer care representatives have smartly disappeared leaving customer hanging high and dry without refund and empty promises.
. great app for business
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
awful program. glitchy... no help at all from customer service, i paid my fee and they used it to open a new account instead of paying for the one i had. “unable” to refund me... i spent three hours on the phone today with three different people, absolutely no help, no service, no one has any idea what the hell they’re doing, a very poorly run company. disappointed
everything in one place!. i love the ease of use with this app! i was using invoice2go but with the features of this app, switching was a no brainer. rated it four stars only because i've been using it for only a month. otherwise i'd probably give it 5 stars, but we'll see!
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
. awesome app!!!
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
. i love this app
. great service especially for a company on the go or starting up. would be better if it was optimized for the galaxy tab s4 . since it constantly crashes on it...
. this app on android wont even open. i have the apple version and it works fine. i just keeps saying its stopped working....
great app. accounting on the go!. ahh my favorite part of the day just got a whole lot easier. this app lets you track you individual transactions on the fly. it also lets you categorize and itemize expenses. if you like neat books and your on your phone a lot this app makes things easy. it's free so just try it out.
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
simple + effective. much better than the online and desktop tools available. super accessible, easy to use, and simple interface and controls. 55 stars.
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
it's ok but don't get the most basic package. it's a vast improvement on another app i tried but the most basic pack makes me want more, upgrading now if i can so recommend you start with a higher grade package rather than the cheapest.
great app. first time running a business and this is everything i need i love it
program not working. i pay itunes for subscription. i pay directly to them and my program is not accessible to me because it says is expired. i make a case with them 1 mouth ago. create another case 2 days ago. and still i am not able to use the program. payed buy me 2 times (direct to them and itunes). do not use this program you will regret like me.
more of a headache than a help. registered online, used same login info for the app, and the app says it's a free trial. online service not communicating well with app and i was hoping to use the app most of the time. sigh.
great for consulting.. works great to invoice customers while on site.
"send payment receipt function missing. i click ""payment"" to accept money from customer. but it don't have send payment receipt function in my android app, which this function available in browser version."
where are the invoices??. what is the point of an accounting app that does not show supplier invoices? dreadful. support was as helpful as a chocolate teapot too ...
. i love this app! makea my life easier:)
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
little disappointed. qb on the cloud is a great idea and that's why i'm using it. however  wouldn't it be nice if the mobile version dis half what the desktop version does. i use mint for my personal finances and for a free service their app does it all. qb please get some programmers to get this app fully functional! i understand that you may not include every function but expenses??? that's something i expected to be able to do on the road.
highly recommended!!. as a self employed tradesman, i was finding myself spending countless hours quoting & invoicing! this app has made running my business much smoother and given me free time on evenings (which is rare). admittedly it was pretty tricky to setup but the support helpline (both telephone & email) were fantastic at helping out. already recommended to other friends in the trade 👍
. very useful. if can get it for eternity at one time payment and not to be paying monthly that would be nice.
. no expenses apple app has expenses. android does not. somebody please explain me logic of it. android ppl only care to make money? we spend nothing! yey
love this app. works great and i can navigate and make invoices and track everything in one app! i love it
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
. loads, then crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled, and still crashes upon open. fingerprint doesn't work anymore. frustrating.
it works most of the time. it’s useful to have the app but more often i go to the browser site as you can do more on it. the app is good if you just want to record a quick expense and take a photo of the receipt to attach. quickbooks itself is a good accounting package, it’s just the app needs a bit more functionality.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
quickbooks online accounting software.. this app is not a doubleentry system accounting app, but rather a singleentry bookkeeping in which you only need to log each transaction of income or expense once, in the way quicken and other check writing software programs work,
excellent!!. i find the app useful when i need it most. i enjoy the ability to add an expense at any time. sales receipts are handy. basically everything i really need without requiring a ton of space on my phone.
would like to see. new user, so maybe i'm missing something, but there should be a way to create an expense report and bill it to a customer.
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
. nice app very usful and conviniant
statements!. please add the ability to send a statement(s) from the mobile app. thank you!
. terrible app
. makes my whole world a million times faster and easier. thank you quick books from me and my family
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
worst user experience. app is made of complex processes..i they are more focused on collecting data than providing service..uninstalled within 3 minutes
. user friendly app that makes me very efficient in my field .
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
feedback. the app would be better if you were able to enter bills not just expenses. very annoying to have to also use my desktop computer to finish my book work.
. very easy to use. the online version is great for keeping updated, and also for multi user function. i always recommend it!
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
. won't update data. data is 137 days old and counting. refreshes don't help and uninstallingreinstalling is a waste of time. thanks for nothing.
. user friendly... excellent app..
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
. worst billing app i ever had.. they give false promises before subscribtion. once the customer transfered money. no body will respond for our problems
great for billing while traveling. this app is very hearty. i was worried how it would work from the ipad but it was so easy. let's me bill while i'm on the road so that i can keep my cash flow in order. great job, inuit!
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
qb online. does everything i need and more!
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
very limited. don't expect to come close to the alreadylimited function set of the desktopbrowser version. a real disappointment.
time saver & ease of access. if you don't have the app for your small business account already, well you better just click download now! it saves me hours of computer time each week and my clients get the necessary paperwork even when i'm on a job site working. invoicing and inputting receipts has never been easier!
same as other free app. wave does the same and it's free... once it's finish my period i am out.
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
. great accounting software
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
mostly simple app. mostly simple app. only issue is posting payments to invoice within app but online no problem.
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
cannot use non us address. quickbooks accountant online cannot he used for locations outside the us
. good and easy to use app.
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. every time i try to save something it looks like it does nothing and stays in the same place but it creates a new one.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
function doesn't follow form.. 5 stars for functionality, subtract 4 stars because it's been 5 months and quickbooks still isn't optimized for iphone 6 or iphone 6 plus. the wasted space and bloated images are annoying; and the lack of willingness to adopt to new display resolutions makes me not want to invest in intuit products and services.
it works great!. great app and works flawlessly.
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
quickbooks online app. although i do like quickbooks online, the mobile app version is horrible. i downloaded and logged in and it did give me my balance sheet, but said i had no expenses, i could not find a way to put in a journal entry and other reports showed zeros as well. i deleted it from my ipad and will just use the nonapp version ( which you need google chrome vs safari to work properly not a big deal but a bit odd).
. great app. been using it to run my business for the last 3 years and loving it still.
. had difficulty with seeing my total mileage, but was guided by a rep.
update. please fix soon app opens and closes after update.
. simple and straightforward to use. down side is at the moment its not comnecting to thw bank whis is causing mu accounts department teouble
do it if you can get it to work. i loved the mobil app but intuit doesn't support it any longer. they want you to do the $54.00month hosting instead. i called twice today to try to get this app working and they said it wasn't their app. if you can get this to sync with you qb software, go for it.
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
"great app!. easy to use and good customer service. i used the ""chat online"" service. very helpful and especially like that i can email a copy of the chat conversation to myself."
love it, but. i love the app, but different devices have different functions. some things i have to do on the laptop. the internet version will crash and i have to reload it. not sure if its my internet connection or not. it is helping me get more organized and ready for 041516, ugh!
total scam. i do not have the ability to open this app but somehow you have been able to continue to bill my credit card monthly. i cancelled a credit card because you have no contact info. sites to cancel service by. somehow you have gotten ahold of my new cc info!!! cancel this service now!!!!
easy to use. very easy to use and can so it when ever is convenient for u
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
rubbish. will not let me log on just say i don't have an active subscription when i do....
. one of my top goto apps. very useful and a ton of functionality.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
"locks, freezes, and won't sync. updated last week and haven't been able to use it since. i've reinstalled, cleared cache, resynced data... nothing. qb customer service ""can't see any issues with my login"" so who knows ? ive been reduced to entering all my invoices from my computer at home (defeats the purpose of the app doesn't it?). until they fix this update, don't download it."
works seamlessly with desktop version. i love that i can use the app to connect with clients while i'm away from my desktop with ease. the ability to send an invoice in the moment has been great to keep me on track while i'm on the go!
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
". getting this message for the last 3 days on my android. ""there was a problem syncing your data. wait a few minutes and try again"". please fix this"
brilliant. this app is very easy to use and does everything i would expect...i am finally getting control of my business after 10 years! thanks quickbooks
track time. so far i’m pretty unhappy with this app because i thought that i could use it to track my time while i was with a client with a timer. i know that i read that somewhere when i was researching this app. that would have been a perfect feature. if this is something that i can actually do and someone can let me know how to do it i will change my rating to 4 or 5 stars.
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
great, clean app. although it's yet another expense for your business, it's well worth every cent. more of an investment for us and we use it for four different companies (yes four times the subscription fee). regardless, it will manage your company's finances as they should be. leaving you with less hassle and worries about your accounts and more time to focus on more important entrepreneurial things.
awesome. love this app... i'm about to do a lot of work from my phone.
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
. i love this app. it allows me to promptly create an invoice on the spot which allows me to close the deal quickly. every small business should use this app!!
. have not upgraded since 2006, this app is great. i am not tied to the office for alot of tasks that used to only be done in the evening.
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
. easy to navigate, makes bookkeeping fun..almost.
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
. even though i canceled my subscription 1 month ago, it still continues to withhold money from me.
hyperbole. good to have it tested.
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
needs better support. i thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
. gr8 app
learning curve and then it's awesome.. takes some getting used to but i've now got it and it's actually very useful and easy to use. integration between my pc and iphone make it easy on the go and sitting at home. estimates, invoices & expenses all in one app.
. used this software for a year in vain, they don't have invoice customization option, they are not supportive, we had to used excel for few clients and quickbook for few and this makes this software redundant
ipad app keeps me up to date. i appreciate very much how handy the ipad app is for quickbooks online. it continues to add new & helpful features. the one i’m most happy about lately is being able to successfully “match” downloaded bank transactions. this keeps me connected to my actual cash flow without needing to have a bulkier electronic device with me. i travel a lot and being able to work with the qb online app is key to keeping my business successful.
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
still can’t upload images for receipts. still can’t upload images for receipts
waiting for delayed charge on mobile app.. otherwise, its good!
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
. app isn't working, its getting crashed everytime i try to login
the best accounting program on the market.. the best on the market
accounts. simple is the new smart
bank loggin. can not log on and get my bank updates anymore  gives me a error messages all the time  no help from customer service, they refer me to a engineer  has been down now 4days  no help.....ready to cancel my subscription
great tool for simple bookkeeping. my business is only income and expenses and cash basis, no inventory, so this tool is great and easy. i do all my book keeping from my phone.
intuit quickbooks. software
i can't look up pertinent information. i can't look up pertinent information on the go while i am meeting with clients, such as a yearly sales history. doesn't do much good for the small business owner. definitely not worth paying so much money for an app that has no functionality in the field.
awesome. i love how simple it is to create an invoice on the go. this app is definitely essential for any small business owner.
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
"soooo slow. i have been using this app for about three years , and it was very functional and useful, but now, almost every time i open it, it says ""downloading data,"" and stays there... for 35 minutes doesnt matter whether my phone is on wifi or cell coverage. i hope they fix this bug."
. very handy great app
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
easily the worst app on ios. this is the single worst and buggiest app on the app store. it is buggy, gives random permissions errors, and generally fails to get the job done.
best thing i did for my business. very easy to learn and work with. now i can make invoices on my phone, tablet or computer and get paid fast. plus it is easy to pay employees and keep track
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program. the app on a mobile device doesn't even open. it says sync problem. it's been days since i logged into the app. always problems with this company. the app is terrible.....
excellent. i love the immediate accessibility of our business's financial position. no need for me to meet with the bookkeeper and accountant nearly as often. i haven't had any issues with the app.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. best investment ive made in my small business more than pays for itself
must have !!!. if you have a business that serves customers and you want to collect payment at time of service or later, you want this software along with its phone apps to do business in the field. your a fool if you don't !!!!
. naughty. doesn't tell you untill you've down loaded and set up it's only a free trial. now looking through it i can't find anywhere to delete to make sure i'm not charged.
unique landscaping. it’s simple to use and helps to keep up with you’re accounting, totally recommend it
timed out....... worked for 2 hours on typing big estimate, session timed out, lost everything, how is this able to happen? we send people to the moon in 1969 yet we can’t safeguardprevent this app from wasting hard work and precious time. it’s the first time i thought i could throw my ipad into the next county. fix this stupidity
new update has me locked out. automatic update to my software today. now i can access my account. fix it now! i am paying way too much to not be able to access my account!
love this app. i have a small bookkeeping business. i love that i can create invoices on the fly usually in less than 5 mins. i can also send the invoice via email as soon as it's saved. very easy to use app if you have quickbooks online
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
meh. so slow loading new pages invoice templates are ugly hard to view invoice view doesn’t quite seem “google” more like a government website that got a makeover
very useful!. this app allows me to send clients a sales receipt as soon as they hand me the cash, invaluable when visiting clients.
doesn’t work with ios13. just updated ios 13 app doesn’t load. even after deleting and readding.
. error message when i try to log in on my tablet. customer service offers little assistance after a long time on hold. this experience makes accounting for my small business even more unbearable. (update 11418): i dropped the review down to one star (from 2) because the error message is yet to be resolved on my tablet, three months later, and qb has increased the cost of their simple start plan by 30%. lame.
i love it!. works great! love the accessibility, i use the app to send invoices easily while i'm on the go and my clients can pay online, through the invoices i send them. definitely worth every penny!!
. is a great app to have downside is it tends to not load half the time. i have uninstalled and reinstalled and it continues to have an issue with loading.
. many bugs, and any receipt photos are too low resolution to be readable.
. i only give 5 stars if the app gives me free food.
bitch ur fucked. all over culiacan and the net
crashes. crashes instantly please fix asap
. very good software up to date
. we went from pro 2012 to the online version it easy and the android app works very well i can now run my business from under a fishing brolly if i want a day out,! updated, one thing that needs looking at is a ' restore' point i made a mistake and deleted a file with no back up available! can we have a back up please?
doesn’t keep track of suppliers. this app works fine as long as you only want to send novices. unfortunately it doesn’t tell what you owe your suppliers and allow you to pay their bills, so while you are running around invoicing clients the suppliers will be sending the bailiffs round to your office.
excellent for businesses in the go!. quickbooks is easy to use and the app allows me to create transactions, view balances and customer information wherever i am. i also love that i can take a photo of a receipt and categorize it on the go.
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
awesome job on the ipad app!. really needed this app for quickbooks to keep me mobile. i needed to use quickbooks online but was unable to use my ipad for quickbooks now i can! keep up with the tweaks but i love it!
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
vendor purchase no option. it takes so much time for converting the invoice to pdf for printing.
. awesome app, everything and more than expected
. game changer! i've only had it downloaded for 5 minutes and i love it! i will change this review, if any hiccups change my mind, after further use.
. i have 2 quickbooks online accounts. not only does the login not even process half of the time, my accounts from one company show up under the other. if you're looking to move to quickbooks online for the mobile app you're going to have to wait. af far as bug fixes go, this has been going on for at least 10 months now so i'm not holding my breath.
boost to my business image with my ipad!. i went from handwriting every estimate, sales receipt and invoice to bringing in new paperless technology. at the end of the day i would have to have my wife input everything in our quick books online. then file everything in our office. it's not only impressive to our clients, but it also eliminates filing and an extra step of data entry, it saves time and money and gives you a competitive edge over your competition!
little disappointed. qb on the cloud is a great idea and that's why i'm using it. however  wouldn't it be nice if the mobile version dis half what the desktop version does. i use mint for my personal finances and for a free service their app does it all. qb please get some programmers to get this app fully functional! i understand that you may not include every function but expenses??? that's something i expected to be able to do on the road.
quickbooks online not working. i paid my subscription thru itunes, got charged but haven’t been able to use it.... it keep giving me a message to subscribe which i already did. contacted apple, itunes, and intuit quickbooks and haven gotten anywhere... frustrating!!!
loving the app. glad i discover the quickbooks app. have just started using quickbooks and must say i'm impressed and now that i have the app its just taken managing my small business to a whole new level. hats off to the developers and all involved.
. easy to use. the only reason i did give it five stars was because you can't add custom fields to the customer data.
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
. love it!!! works great with the online site, as a business owner this app is very useful.
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
nice. nice software
. need to change the phone number in the invoice... how?
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
just as simple as we could even think !!!!!. this app according to me is best as it's not that complicated and makes my business easy, i've not used any other accounting app so i consider this very easy for any layman who is not very good in accounting. it could have had few more options like individual job closing so to get more accurate and decrease the paper work.
. i'm getting an error code when i try to click on mileage trips and assign them business or personal. works on desktop but not in phone. other than that it's easy to assign categories for transactions and separate business from personal.
does not work after update. tech support recommended i get a android. claims apple is the problem.
useful app. the app is very helpful for my business, i just which the stock category could be more detailed towards distribution more. but i do give the app the thumbs up 👍🏾👍🏾
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
blair. app is extremely unstable. every time i need to get on it i have to force quit the app and re loggin. i have an iphone x and it runs horrible on here. hoping they fix this asap because i run my entire service company from the app
always improving. qbo isn't perfect but it is always improving. this week's update included features for accountants to track their client's pending work, communicate questions and request documents. this is good stuff!
. app is nice but it stops automatically some times
. quickbooks does not work. it's a terrible program with a zero customer support. the problems i have are very basic and i'm certain others experience the same problems yet they are never resolved. i can't attach screenshots and i don't have the patience to enter all the problems experienced but i hate quickbooks and it's a shame that have such a grip on the industry because i would dump them with a smile immediately if i could
easy for newbie. started out with the desktop version of qb and migrated to the qbo platform. so much better for me and easy to use now. i can send a quote from my phone and then invoice once the job is complete which for a lazy guy like me keeps me on tasks done billing times quicker. highly recommended
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
needs some work. this app is good but needs more work. error message kept popping up while working in it. some tasks are missing like entering bills. can't find sign out button or switch to a different company.
fantastic software. a superb help to my business invoicing and payments are so easy to sendview and accept. easy to use and never had a problem.
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
crashes. keeps crashing. can't use app at all.
great app!. works great on a samsung galaxy s5. features are coming along nicely. it would save a step to be able to add another expense from one just saved without having to back up from that record but no complaints otherwise.
. its pretty good, but the scroll bar on the side of the expenses list is driving me absolutely insane because i keep accidentally scrolling and jumping through the list
assholes team. if your app doesn't work in india, why did you collect basic data ? this app is just a trap to collect your mobile number, mail id and other basic details.
great and very useful. don't leave home without it
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
beware!. beware quickbooks is not software it’s ransomware. they force you to upgrade every two years and the price of the upgrade is the same price as a new one.
essential tool. this app is the greatest tool for invoicing.
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
pointless. the subset of features accessible from this app is so tiny even trivial tasks are impossible. if i have to have a browser open anyway, there's no need for this app. save your time and patienceskip this app and use qbo in a browser.
. excellent, worth subscribing this online accounting really good for small and medium size business
. decent it's ok for adding expenses... but account balances are significantly lacking... i.e. non existent! must have!
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
"great app for distributors. we can invoice and deliver on the fly without having to go back to the office to capture the ""in the moment sales"". our accountant has access and was able to set our account up to match his categories for a fast and no worry tax prep."
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
. i can't even login, there is some kind of bug.
good app. very useful app when on the go.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
doesn't work. app isn't working with lg g5 with android.6.0.1. won't let me login.
great app. i love this app
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. tells me to update the app i go to up data and at boots's be back i can't even use it right now
. very effective app fkr my business, just starting to link in with using receipt bank to auto match the bills. happy recommend for small business, would ve nice to have mileage part of the self employed version included too.
awesome. that's what i said in 2012. the app keeps getting better, now it's very soon to be 2017, and still the same review.. good app.
. i asked for a refund after getting the same app in another one of their products and no one responded. i dislike needing to write bad reviews.
. great app helps my accounts team so well
keeps crashing. i can't do anything with the app. every time i try to open it, it closes out about 5 seconds later. worked great until the last update.
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
. only started using quickbooks last week but so far so good. will update rating when i am 100% au fait with and satisfied with the program.
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
not an intuitive product. i'm very disappointed with this product. i've used quickbooks on my laptop for two years as well as the gopayment app. this has been extremely frustrating to setup and use for both my accountant and myself.
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
great but how do i renew?. it says i need to renew or pay? i hit ok and try to go to the spot i need to but don't see anything. smthis happened while trying to make someone a receipt in person.
don't bother. been using qb desktop for years. disapointed in the sasmobile version. mobile app is slow and frequently fails to load at all. not much functionality at all besides creating invoices. checking account balances or customer ar is not worth the bother on mobile app. this is an ok solution. i bet there are better options available than qb mobile app.
great. great app!!
categorize expense. useful. would be better if it can scan the photo and also categorize expenses.
good software. this software is very awesome. i work for the company but also use it for my own personal budgeting and it is extremely helpful but there are still a lot of bugs that need to be worked out with this app so that all the information updates correctly.
jordan hugo ,. i'm young and in business , only small but this app is perfect for tracking my expenses and sending quotes off. highly recommend.
. quickbooks please make it so there's the option of where payments are deposited on sale receipts for the android app as its available on ios. other than that is not a bad app.at all. 👍🏼. still waiting for the option on android of where funds are deposited.
. sign up this morning and it says free trial but once i finished sign up, google straight away charge my credit card for 1 month subscription and auto renew
. made my business so much easier to work with customers and process work through the day rather than when i get home at night
. would be nice if the app would recognize the info on the receipt when you take a pic of it
fix the app!!!. this app use to work great until the last update! please fix asap!
. pretty easy to use, makes things simple 👍
connecting my business. as a carpender who has been in business for almost 20 years switching over to quickbooks this year has allowed a much more efficient process. the phone app has changed the speed at which i can respond to customers.
. i don't like to forcefully create account first. without using application how can i create account. other apps like this type providing use without login so why you requires login first???
j'adore!!!. tout simplement super! l'application est facile à utiliser. très pratique de pouvoir faire des factures directement chez nos clients et pouvoir leur envoyer par courriel en direct!
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
needs work. need more features like transfers, journal entries and ability to drill down into expenses.
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
. best business app
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
credit note cis. you cannot issue a matching credit note for an invoice with cis deduction, despite speaking to qb for over 2 hours they admitted they dont know how to do it.
great app. great app that does all it promises to do. so handy for getting out quotes when away from the office.
. wouldn't be able to run my company with put this service. just done know why i lost my deal on my monthly payment. it was supposed to be $7.99 a month.
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
practical intuitive program, perfect for the novice bookkeeper. great program for those on the go with little time or experience for bookkeeping
. partial capability cant load expenses in the droid version but can on the apple version. expense management is important. a small thing that has a big impact. wouldnt take much to do and make it five stars.
signature box not wroking. when client tries to sign in box on a credit card transaction with a apple pencil or with finger the box moves around. no signature is captured.
lifesaver. i used to spend hours every week making my own invoices with spreadsheets, now with quickbooks, i can get all my accounting stuff done in minutes. it's the best decision i've made all year!
great that it exists, now it needs to be great. it's so awesome to be able to manage my business from my phone. but. that's not the same as the app itself being so awesome. it's frustrating to use at times and could benefit from some thorough ux work.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
. very helpful love this app for all my business needs
. connect to banking and reconcile in minutes. email invoices...so no snail mail.
. i want & need a 5 star but i cannot get any kind of help with my issue , which is i cannot get my invoices to go out via gmail. help!
. great app very convenient and allows me to manage my accounts on the road. i have a business where i am always out driving and the app saves me a lot of time & it allows me to get things done while i'm out of the office.
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
switching between account requires logout and login. so annoying, especially since there is no support for touch id. why can't you let us switch from within the app?
love!!. the quickbooks app is absolutely perfect! when handling business on the go and clients are making payments, i can easily create an invoice andor sales receipt. makes my job easier. it tracks all of our business expenses, profits and losses. this is great!
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
ipad perfect until ios 8.5. app hasn't worked since 8.5 update. have sent several request about the app crashing and no one has gotten back to me. i've deleted and redone loaded, rebooted ipad, etc. when not crashing it's a 5 star app. please fix asap!
easy to use. excellent app. very straight forward to use. the only issue i have is not been able to raise purchase orders on the app. this is very important to me because of the nature of my business, other than that it's spot on.
. excellent app need to improve speed only.
verging on useless. download it but don’t expect to get much out of it. how a multibillion dollar company can produce a product so lacking in functionality boggles the mind. it’s almost as if intuit is intentionally trying to offend its customers.
. helps me, my customers, and my accountant!!
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
". getting this message last 3 days. ""there was a problem syncing your data. wait a few minutes and try again"". please fix this"
good. love that i can get information where ever i am. i wish that it was closer to the computer screen to make navagtion easier but it works
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
no refund and help support was clueless.. called twice no one could help me and both phone numbers proved useless. billing support was not helpful. could not even locate my ipad online subscription thru itunes. waste of time and money in my experience.
. superb app
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
suits me. so easy to use, perfect for my tiny business. don't need accounting skills the workflow has been designed very well and support is great.
some what happy. quick book is useful however, it's use is not as user friendly as it could be. the extra time it takes for me to have to identify items and upload others takes up more than i care to.
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. zero stars"
great service. i enjoy each platform they offer for me, computer and iphone. only issue is they hiked up the annual price without notice. still affordable but i was expecting the same price i originally paid.
not bad. pretty nice app. went from desktop manufacturing to quickbooks online. i like having access to my books while at craft fairs and being able to use different devices. still needs some work  it's been weeks and my gopayment account is still not linked and now find out the online doesn't acceptrecognize the chip reader. square app is more robust and may use that instead. also would be helpful to have a mileage tracker.
garbage!. they update the app and completely remove support for ios 8! i understand making a newer version only compatible with newer ios, but why block legacy users all together? it worked great on ios 8 before, now the same version of the app suddenly says i need to upgrade! i pay $30month for this garbage!?
. the app is a wonderful accompaniment to the software which makes tracking expenses and invoices really easy
. the support is terrific
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎"
. problems sending invoices. update to customers from ipad doesn't always work. other issues. still a good app.
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
. already pay for online subscription qb pro why do u charge for the mobile companion. rip off. software is already expensive. american greed!!!!
checking the books on the go. great app to have on the run
. u need to put the all app in full.
does not comply to govt gst invoice format. does not comply to govt gst invoice format. this could be serious compliance issue for merchants. we are unsubscribing the service due to this reason. will get back when quickbooks invoice format is in compliance with government gst invoice format.
. make my work lot easier and faster
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. uggghhh..... why oh why oh why do developers continue to stuff things up with updates! get it right or leave it alone. how do i roll back to last version that worked?
. excellent app
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
disappointing app. you can’t really do anything productive in this application. it’s extremely limited in functionality.
it's nice but could use some improvement. i use the phone app and the mac app, there's things that annoy me and waste time when using.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
way too slow. and reports are very limited. not ready for prime time.
. great experience. great results. making me run my business. more efficient
a good portable quickbooks app. the app has most of the important features, is easy to use, and is certainly a better option than trying to use the quickbooks online on an iphone. it is not a complete substitute as there are several features not available on the app,but it does allow recording time and expenses while on the road and even allows checking on and updating bank balances.
stock. the app doesn’t show stock levels under the products tab ! need this feature asap
fantastic. great bit of kit can do everything i need on the go send invoices and put in my expenses
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
". terrible customer service, took my money for a monthly subscription, then did not activate my subscription and now after 3 days of 10 pm3 am ""customer service"" messages, resulting in absolutely nothing, richie more or less told me i'm screwed and intuit, inc is keeping my money and that i can try to get a refund from google for my intuit subscription. poor business. if anyone wants to actually see what richie says, message me and i'll forward conversations."
. great app
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
hideous to use on smartphones. before accessing, must always get email code, and switching screens hides quickbooks application. then, can't access checking account balances. very typical of a quickbooks experience.
. awesome app. makes running my business so much easier when i am on the go!
adding products to invoices. very time consuming to write any invoice on the iphone. each item must be added individually unlike on the ipad app you can multiselect items in the product search.
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
brilliant and far reaching app. started using this app following another app which was not giving me the usability that i needed. this app is amazing in its flexibility and ease of use. get it and you won’t regret it.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
". does not sync to account. on the home screen it shows i have invoices that are overdue from customers, but when you click on it, it says ""congratulations, no overdue invoices."" useless app"
love it. i'm no doing anything super sophisticated but i love the app. easy to use to keep invoices and expenses current on the go!
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
horrible. can't stand the program or customer support
. great accounting app ,totally recommended!!!
review. happy with qb is working for me just need to work out how to link my bank in and do my accounts on it this should be simple but l am no wizard on tec. the code that l am ask for from my bank is not linking and not sure why. but so fare it's good.
why???. for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
. very useful
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
won't work. dumb, have quick books for pc. this gets error after signing in. galaxy tab.
love it. what a wonderful app for running a biz.
basic functionality. just signed up for quickbooks online. the android app installed fine on my new samsung tablet. no issues running and using app. however, the app is minimal functionality. there is also no good dashboards like the pc or online web version of the program. pretty disappointed being development of such features is not complicated nor expensive for a home dashboard.
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
nice. good app for business
good app for business owners. i think the app does a good job with tracking expenses and billing. as a whole i think there may be better programs out there. do you research before signing up.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
. great app
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
cumbersome. qb stinks on ice! i so miss the older versions! oh, qb online will not integrate into turbo tax! i would never use it again if i had a choice. i'm looking into sage. the menus are horrible it's so cumbersome to move from one screen to another. constantly hangs up and freezes!!!
". i appreciate this app and it's helpfulness, but i really wish it had customizable ""favorites"" to make your selections from to make the entry easier and more streamlined"
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
. so far total garbage app. i connected my app to my qb online account. i opened the app. snapped 3 receipts. camera worked well isolating the receipts. after that totally useless. despite a new tab appearing in my banking section online i cannot find the receipt copies in either the app or online. i really needed one to return a product. qb cs of no help.
. super easy to learn. love that it keeps all of my customers info!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
. a few improvements could be made but overall, excellent app!
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
good app for accounting students. thanks quickbooks team 👍
better improvement. app running better
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
problem with account.. website says i got android subscription. android says i dont. account about to expire and there isn't a easy or direct way to renew... guess it will be running out
quickbooks app is a perfect companion to quickbooks online. quickbooks app is a perfect companion to quickbooks online. it works seamlessly allowing you to read through your transactions and even create most of the common tasks. ( with the exception of vat tasks) qb online is the perfect accounts program
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
. customer service is absolutely horrible. signed up yesterday online. found out customizing invoices function has been broken for 3 months. call this morning to cancel subscription and get a refund. they're answer basically was we've got your money we're not going to refund it. you have been warned stay away from quickbooks
excellent. the app is a great supplement to the online version when i'm on the road. i easily make customer invoices, add expenses that i have purchased. nothing is lost or forgotten. great way to keep everything up to date
. good app, needs to have more functionality, less clicks to use and needs auto log in
no register?. why would there be a quickbooks app without the main part......the register?
. love the app! it makes my job so much easier!
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
love it!. quick books merging your gmail contacts and being able to add and subtract expenses lays your invoices out really well and makes everything so easy! clients get all the information this way and it leaves them without surprises. because of the convenience it forces me and reminds me to enter all the information that i would otherwise forget to include.
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
errors. why you never check your app before you launch it online so many errors no touch id when signing no latest activities update receive payment not working and this just 5 min of use
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
love it. i am an accountant and this is the software i use and recommend to all of my customers.
emailing payment receipt. via the phone app when i email a payment receipt it opens my email app with texts as opposed to sending the pdf payment receipt as it use to do prior to the last 3 updates. this was confirmed by one of the staff from intuit.
not so good. it keeps hanging up with an error message not connected to the internet. not very useful for business.
user friendly!. this is definitely the bookkeeping app for anyone who is not attuned to being a business owner
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck. all fixed. awesome work!!!!!
it's only a trial. this looks brilliant until you've set up the account only to find out that it's a 30 trial. by that time they've got your email. well done them. clever!! immediately deleted
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
. it keeps things simple for us.
. he querido utilizar la versión pro 2020de prueba y ha sido imposible utilizarla, ya que me pide un código de activación el cual no aparece cuando introduzco la licencia de prueba..
. amazing accounting software for small business! highly recommend!
. please add the option to take a picture to the receive and add it automatically to the transaction
. good mobile app app has a problem switching from screen to menu. tends to freeze up and close itself
super efficient. this app has streamlined my workflow 100%
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
bugs!. so many bugs with this! i just rated it before and it’s popped up again asking me to rate. and i could go into so much more, however i’m only using this until next year. it’s shocking. i have just sent 3 invoices, the clients have received them, but they are not showing up in the app.
perfect. changed over from using sage about 6months ago and have never looked back, excellent software, the app makes it completely agile and useable on the move.
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
“critical updates”. face id does not work. every time i try it tells me there are critical updates and i need to log in again. there are no updates, and it tells me this every single time.
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
. great accounr app
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
horrible. what a joke. all i want to do is be able to go to my online account. every time i try to do that it pops up to install this app. i did. now when i go in nothing looks the same or works the same. you would think i would be able to go online without this horrible app. i would give it zero stars if i could.
. use qb for all my book keeping, estimates and invoices.
. i use it for invoicing for a security and surveillance company and it does not give me any problems.
. the app offers very few features.
splendid. excellent to have such an app to complete all needs and it's on mobile too
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
. stop. signing. me. out. of. this. damn. app. especially when i go to the length of setting up an additional pattern password specifically for this application. there is no good reason to sign me out, and it constantly does so forcing me to look up my password.
great program!. super convenient and easy to use.
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
over promised, under delivered. the desktop app is slow and the mobile app is lacking pretty important features. their tech support is horrible and can take days to resolve an issue....if they even admit that there is an issue.
. great app!
works great. i live how i can edit and emails invoices on the go. as well as having all my credit card processing all tied in. so customers can pay invoiced from the actual invoice and not have to include other services.
unclear and sneaky. nowhere in the app did it say that i needed a different product if i’m selfemployed. so i signed up and paid for my first month without knowing that it wasn’t the right one. i’ve paid double the amount i needed to and not even used it and never will use it. a waste of money. not happy at all.
quickbooks rocks. this is the next level stuff our parents could only dream of having at their disposal. this program rocks!
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
. keeps crashing on my note 9 cant access the app
great app. great app for busy people! this is really useful for trades people and consultants. highly recommend, super easy to use
enables my business.... ...to run smooth and accurately from monthtomonth, yeartoyear. managing multiple clients and accounts would be a nightmare without quickbooks.
small business owner. absolutely awful. i was forced to switch to online because of a fatal error of the desktop version on mac seirra. there are so many bugs and things that aren't available on online that were on the desktop. i literally call support for 2hrs a day.
excelente aplicación. muy completa, fácil de usar.
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
not good . the iphone version is so trimmed down its not usable i can't get a usable who owes me money so many things i'd say no
came in clutch. needed to organize and file taxes and p&l reports. quickbooks self employed and main app really helped do this in record time, fast and efficiently. glad i chose quickbooks!
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
. app works great for day to day accounting. however, the app does not allow for the use of price rules. you can set up price rules in the browser version, but they do not port over to the android app version. we use a tablet on the floor, and cabt use the app, have to login via chrome browser, which is slower than the app.
. very useful, simple, and advantageous over other apps when it comes down to the feasibility and quick access.
. i am downloading this app but downloading is very slow. happening only with this app.
. takes a extremely long time to refresh if it even does in the end it's a miracle. needs work. not reliable
. i am a employee for a small business, and we use quickbooks for all our invoices, and keep track of customers.
pro advisor. the training videos and exam are not opening on my ipad. apparently doesn’t work with safari. i have tried everything possible in my settings.
please stop making my sign in. every other fingerprint authentication app on my phone (banking, password manager, file managers) does not nag me to log in via password every other day. why does this app do so? please fix.
i love this better than their computer program!!!!. i love this app better than my computer program they have, it's easier to use & easier to track your expenses & sales. i recommend this to all my friends that basically run their business out of a vehicle saves on extra work when you get home.
search. the search feature needs improvement. can only search by customer info. can’t seem to search for an invoice by keywords that are in the invoice.
. it works only ok. if there was a better 3rd party app, i'd use it. most of the time i'm frustrated using this app. either buttons don't work, attachments don't save, or some other random instability. i want to do more with the app and i want it to work every time. the design is questionable too. why are things labled differently than in the full version?
contractor. works great for all aspects of my business. only issue is updating my accounts linked to it. just keeps sending details to my bank and never stops. i have to reset every time to update. other then that it's great
touch id. the app works well once you've signed in, but the touch id still isn't working properly. you have to sign in manually first. then, it allows you to switch between apps using touch id to sign back in for a while. however, if you sign out completely, it appears you can't use touch id to sign back in again. i thought the whole purpose of touch id was to avoid having to enter your password each time and to increase security.
is an average app. is a good app but with all these update is confusing my customers and sometimes they can't pay online. i can't access it from my phone sometime. it's in and off so be warned and be patient. this is an important tool for my business.
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
. doesn't allow customers to have multiple properties addresses
. makes my life much easier! i like the app better than the online version!
. missing cpl of features like cheque writing, arap reports in mobile app.
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
great updates and really user friendly. all works better than before and integrates brilliantly. makes understanding our financials a doddle!
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
horrible. app force closes. give me a refund on my account if i can’t access it mobile..... 0 stars
. excellent accounting software for my business and my clients. it makes my job very easy
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
quick booksamazing app..!. please mail to this id anuhari036@gmail.com excellent app to work...it's really very useful to me...can you please tell how to invoice? thank you quick books for this amazing app!! it's really very helpful..!
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and redownload it relogin yeah that doesn’t work.
. brilliant app excellent app. could do more but does enough. better than rest out there but not the best it could be.
. how to manage inventory ? i need to know the state of my stock, ie item, quantity, cost etc as the sales goes on how to do that ???
. no online registration on india and trial app
. i gave it a week b4 i changed my rating my qb is now working perfectly no more stress on updating my sales n payments... thanks team 5 star well deserved
small business owner. it's fantastic and professional for service contracting for management, but the fact that the crew in the field still use paper carbons to submit & clients want paper makes this a major problem. if the client doesn't give an email, or the field crew doesn't get the right info, i end up spending extra hours trying to figure it out...
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
powerful mobile app!. love this app and use it all the time while on the go.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
. easy to use when on the go. ability to take pictures if receipts makes keeping up to date on expense reconciliation a snap!
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
does not work or match online version.. does not work or match online version. we cant make it accurate or work correctly. do not use.
. awesome app works well
milage. like what it offers but for me to pay for it i need a way to track milage. this is the one huge advantage the desktop version has that the app doesn't seem to offer.
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
review. not quite as intuitive as i expected but otherwise useful app
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
very incomplete. great that i can do invoicing on the fly and have real time access to everything. the back end is not good. files did not transfer over. leaving online version and coming back to pc version has been a complete nightmare. again, files don't fully tranfer. great idea. crappy follow through.
. no1 app
crashes when adding images of receipts. i want to give it 4 stars, but the 2 things i do are problematic. crashes when saving images of receipts every 3 or 4 times. also i can't add time entries which would be incredibly helpful. really close to awesome though.
poor. slow, clumsy. there are far better apps on the market. don't waste your money.
actually makes accounting a little bit fun. i absolutely love the way this app allows me to record, photograph and categorise expenses from receipts. so easy that it actually is fun. delighted that i can get rid of all this paper!
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
. we still can't check bank account balances. tons of missing features.
nightmare to dream app. might help save a lot of angst between my wife and i when it comes to invoicing, collecting, and tracking. looks very promising, invoiced thousands with it last night with relative ease on two macs, two samsung smartphones, and an asus laptop. updated fine across all devices. am curious about mileage tracking and auto populating from my google calendar.
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
nightmare update. it was bad before the update. how could it be even worse now? unending refreshing bank data (constant spinning wheel) makes it virtually useless and beyond frustrating for reviewing and matching transactions on the iphone.
. great app. however, there is room for improvement (i.e. it doesn't yet allow me to do everything i can do in a desktop.)
general manager. garbage company
"too many free apps for me to pay for this service!!. if they are a ""top developer"" then make a free version with limited functionality for basic users like myself and a full subscription app for small business owners like your competitors do."
perfect for running small businesses, but...... everything you need to run a small business...but $35 is way to expensive, shouldn't cost more than $25! i’m very happy with the software and with a few dedicated hours i learned how to use it inside and out.
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
just no. the app isnt compatible with the galaxy s7 which is really inconvenient. 👎👎👎.
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
frustrated. very difficult to make adjustments and when receiving a payment i have not found a way to receive cash as will as a card on the same invoice. frustrated
. this software has made it possible for me to run a business having no prior experience, and not really being good at budgeting personally. recommend it at the drop of a hat.
crashing. updated to ios 13 and now the app keeps crashing after face id, please get this sorted as i can’t run my business
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
great package. i'm on the road and this accounting package works great. also nice that my accountant has direct access.
great compared to alternatives. could use more options available though the website (like inventory management, receiving payments to elsewhere than undeposited funds etc)
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
. quickbooks is amazing. i use it for my company and have never ran into any problems. they have a wide spectrum of things you can do, and the are probably the cheapest options for accounting software. #quickbooksforthewin
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
why doesn't it update banking?. all i want to do is import my banking transactions and deal with them. i would think this would be basic functionality. i spent spent over half an hour on the phone with support and talked to 3 different reps who ll claimed to know almost nothing about the app. seriously, why do you even have it.
great product. i like this app. can use from just about anywhere
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!! also, the separation of vendor mtce from vendor transactions is opposite of the web interface. same for customers.
. great for small business people who invoice track estimate all on the go
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
what’s going on?. i’m paying almost $11month for an app that “can’t update payment information right now.” this has been going on for weeks. i can’t even send current invoices. pointless to have at this time.
. i use this app for 2 separate businesses. is very easy to use and track all of my finances.
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
. very slow to load.
great and very useful. don't leave home without it
overall good product. not having access to the entire online tools on the app makes for complicated tasks at times. the online browser does not run fluently with a safari browser so if i need anything beyond basics i need to get to a pc.
you can do better, intuit. this app has a lot of promise: utilize the power of an ipadpro and really speed up routine accounting functions on qbo. in reality, the app is glitchy, limited in ways it shouldn’t be, and effectively too flawed to use. i’ve been disappointed before by intuit, but this failure is inexplicable.
lifesaver. i love this app, it saves me so much time on the road and so much paperwork later.
. great for on the go i mostly love it. i wish there were options to run individual client reports. also, a search option by keywords or invoice numbers. sometimes, when i open it, there's no information in the app! have had to uninstall, then reinstall multiple times. galaxy s2
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
love it. i'm no doing anything super sophisticated but i love the app. easy to use to keep invoices and expenses current on the go!
. every invoice i have done since the beginning of 2017 says 90 plus days past due
missing one major feature of a mobile app: time tracking!. a deal breaker for me, you can't track time while on the move! the rest seems good but without this feature there is no point in me evaluating it any further :(
makes life easier!!. quickbooks online, the app, and gopayment have all made my life so much easier. i can now track things in the go and accept payments right on my phone. it works seamlessly!
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. terrible service. automated systems will keep hitting your bank account causing all kinds of problems. be ware giving them access to your bank info
. perfect! never have an issue & do not plan ever going to a different kind of software.
. what i don't like about quick book is that when u use your phone to record a payment. you have to use the computer to move the cash from undeposited cash to cash in hand. but it is a good accounting software. and i love it
stopped working. worked great until about 1 week ago. now i can’t see income and expense charts. also can’t view and accept transactions. i’m using an iphone 7.
works great. good app. works great on the road for creating fast invoices on site. great companion app for quick books am dos fully functional.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
. good app
. great software. i think very soon, it will change the way people maintain books
not able to register my expense. most basic feature to register my expenses ia not there. i would have been nice to register my expense with sbap of bill as an attachment.
. works well. there are some functional restrictions from the desktop app. but works well enough
owner. love the program i am having problems inputing my desktop customers and previous business information. called the help desk and still waiting forba fix
. sales orders need sales orders! those are our work orders. please add sales orders 43013 still incomplete without sales orders. we are a service based company and sales orders our are work orders. need this addition please. thank you, white pines electric inc.************************************* 91713 still no sales orders! still no sales orders! *************************************************1142014
make that 6 stars. love love love this app! makes life easier!
. best feature, snap a pic of receipts, log em immediately, drop the actual receipt in a shoebox, & forget about it!!! you can see if anyone paid instantly on your phone, send an invoice change, i mean its the fastest accounting i've ever done in 20yrs!
not reliable. is not reliable. not a replacement for desktop app or web based qb online. different icons, different navigation, missing tools reports and features. data does not reliably import into app from accounts.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
unable to process gratuities!. the biggest complaint from my clients is they cannot pay extra for a gratuity. huge problem!!!! when can we fix this?
. great small business app
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
. takes ages to load then crashes to a black screen. i have had the app for 3 months or so and only ever got it working for a few moments once. as it is so unreliable i could not trust it as an app to rely on, for example to use in front of a customer in their home, therefore i cannot recommend this app. i run a ltd company and we use qb as our accounting software.
excellent. excellent app
not bad. could use improvements but will get by in a pinch when you don't have access to your main computer. 82317 update 1 year later..... my review stands. too many things you can't do compared to full version on my desktop mac computer.
latest update not working?. can't save payments or invoices now? kind of a critical thing for doing books on the go...
love it!!!. app is easy to use and saves me so time! wish i did it a long time ago!
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
stuck in the test version. it is all great in theory, yet there are so many glitches. you can’t search by address. it crashes too often. frequent notifications that as an example your deposits weren’t recorded properly do you want to fix them? i shouldn’t need to fix the bank deposits. please fix the bugs! oh and not all of my clients made the transition from the desktop version to the online version. also quickbooks asked me to rate quickbooks online 4 times today alone.
great set up. makes my life way easier!!
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
. missing inventory and purchase order section
best accounting app. perfect for any small business. never had any problem, never crashes. only need more invoicing templates.
i like it but am confused. the app works very well, but i am confused how to change a quote from pending to approved. when i click on edit the option does not come up
changes are not good. unable to email with attachments. the older app will not work.
love it. wish i could edit my estimate better.
. as a quickbooks user anytime i'm in need of the app it's been brilliant. missing a few key features, but as i mainly stick to the web version it's fantastic when needed
no payroll. subscribed to payroll using desktop at the office, tried to access using iphone app on the field but could not find it. waste of money!
. quickbooks app is the easiest invoicing app i have ever used.
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
. can't get the app to open at all being charge for something that not even use at all pls close the account thx
awesome. amazingly quick and efficient. very easy to learn how to use.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
. useless. android app does not support in india
. easy to maneuver love this app.
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
. 1720 update  i had used the mobile app for android for quite a long time with no issue and then approximately one month ago after an update the dashboard no longer has any information and is blank. i can still see activity but there's no way to get to customers or any of the other functions. i've emailed previously with no response. previous review: works well for viewing quickbooks info and taking payments
. still in trial, but so far so good... very pleased with overall functionality! trial over, five years later... upgraded to 5 stars. perfect app for my small business. does what i need, always available, improves the client experience.
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
. just unistalled and reinstalled the app hopefully it is going to work. after doing over 70 invoices it stopped working dashboard showed blank 😕
great for simple tasks. love the quick view and invoicing. easy to attach receipts. wish i could do bank rec
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
. great app. very helpful for my small business.
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
not working properly after update. i just updated the app and now every time i try to edit an invoice it forces me to refresh the invoice and i lose my changes. the pin number does't work, i added it again and made sure it is turned on, but i have to sign in with my username and password each time. it worked perfectly on the last update.
great for my business. i use it to keep track of my customers. if i am not at my desk top computer, i still can let them know about their order.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
forced payroll system not working. since march 2017 our payroll that they force you to pay for if you have employees has not working correctly. edd efile is non existent, cannot archive reports, and irs efile is sporadic. customer service wont credit any amount nor can they fix the problem even after “escalating” it to priority customer support. three “cases” opened, none of which fixed the problem. do not buy this product.
fantastic software !. currently in a middle of a building site, sending clients invoice & estimates. now my time is my own this evening ! couldn’t do with out it .
. the software is easy to get started with. however, matters such as how to generate p45, p60, issuing dividends, needs improvement.
. some months ago, the functionality to add attachments to expenses stopped working, never got fixed. today the function to create expenses has vanished. is anyone actually testing this before it gets released?
love it. amazing i don't know what i would do without this app.
statements. as a mobile business i’m not able to send statements from my iphone 7s when i’m traveling on the road and working out of town, this is the inconvenience we have with quickbooks, i wish you could fix that.
. the app was good until the free teial was up. i tried to subscribe but it wouldnt go through.. i uninstalled and reinstalled and lost everything and it still wouldnt work!!!!
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
. please update. can't login
. it makes invoicing easier
owner operator. on the go? this app will help your business keep going without slowing down!
time tracking missing from app. i bill services by the hour and pay extra for the version of quickbooks that supports time tracking. was very disappointed to see this feature completely missing from the app. it’s such an obvious thing to have on the go. now i need to have a totally separate system to track time...
great app. this app has been a life saver for organizing my small business. i can track all of my finances as i go without worrying about carrying recipes and forgetting things. i highly recommend this to anyone is business.
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
app is good support is horrible. call qb for basic questions lady name amanda hang up on me.. dial back in the she place me on hold for 15 minutes
great app. i haven't subscribe fully but am definitely paying for this...
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
couldn't do without it. the qb on line version has really simplified our operations. the ability to have multiple users from different locations, especially remote access, has made life easier. either using a laptop or my ipad is great when out of the office. the only thing i've found that the app does not allow me to do is prepare a purchase order. but, there seem to be periodic updates so hopefully this will be coming soon. i would recommend qb to any small business.
. great app. never knew how much time you spen in transit until the tracking app was installed. 👍👍
junk update = worthless app. since the latest update, my qb app shows an error saying that my session has expired immediately after i log in. i can't use it at all. pc access is okay.
best accounting app. the best accounting app by quickbooks . made accounting easy
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
deceiving. it doesn’t show a price until you’ve finished setting it up then offers a 50% discount or pay full price. so i deleted it
great for contractors. on the go app that helps with contracts and invoices . i can use ipad or even phone to show my clients and get approval and signature for new contracts . just what i was looking for
good start, but i need to enter time tickets on this app.. hopefully they add that feature soon.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
electrical contractor. we really like this app and all its features. it’s fairly easy. i gave it 4 stars only because it is missing one important feature and that’s appointments. it would be one less app i have to download into my tablet and computer. it’s just a suggestion that would be so convenient all in one( hint hint).
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
complete waste of time.. 100% completely useless and a total embarrassment. in the year 2013 quickbooks is the only company left that cannot figure out how to make their full product work on an ipad. please fire your entire tech department and hire a high school kid with skills.
. there are a few features that arent available on the app (only computer) but other than that it works great and is easy to navigate.
. great app except one thing... why is intuit nickel and dimming us for tools and apps. i can understand pay extra for using the payroll feature in the actual program but paying for an app is stupid. if they made this app free i would be will to bet sales for software and online versions would increase more than enough to pay for the app development and running costs. other than that, great app.
slow.. not was easy as before. not much function as before. some new function was not useful
. excellent software, especially since my accounting is done offsite. qb is always improving it for ease of use. very happy with it, now going on 4 years usage.
. my subscription was canceled and i have not been able to restore it.
this app is harmful. support is useless or you really can’t recover the emails you sending to the clients with your invoice
love it on the go!. qbo definitely makes life easier when i'm on site with my clients!!
downloading the app. downloading was easy
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
great app. very functional and easy to understand. works well with desktop version.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
just ok. the mobile version is fine. it the desktop version is full of bugs and slow. wastes a lot of my valuable billing time.
quickly. quickbooks online is ready to use. i write invoices and email the customer a copy immediately. thanks quickbooks for being so easy to use.
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
. great software. so easy to use and very reliable.
need other option. need an option for employees that travel to do trip expense that import as a bundle. i use pro premier 2015
nothing works!  waste of money!. on ios: keeps crashing, totally unusable. on safari on mac: tells me to update to the latest version of safari, even though i am on the latest version! what an embarrassmentuseless company!
upholstery shop. very good app, help me a lot at upholstery business!
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
terrible. try to do estimates on the quickbooks for ipad. it is easier to do on the quickbooks for iphone. intuit needs to get some people like myself with an office any where that using qb online very hard and heavy to beta test there software.
michael. great for my business nice to alter estimates and convert to invoice on the job, why do you need acsess to phone and gps
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
just barely ok.. app has multiple issues . with page format. browser must use google chrome to get all options . called 3 times , on phone over hour each time . weeks later still nothing fixed . app is very limited .. customer service is a joke . here i thought i was upgrading to a better software . lol i was so wrong ..
pefect. just a fantastic accounting system & app. very easy to use & has all the features you need. transformed my way of accounting.
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
stop trying to make mileage tracking happen, it's not going to happen.. it's fine to ask me *once* if i would like to track mileage through the app. it's *not* okay to ask every time i open the app. it's not a service i need, it's not a service i use. stop shoving it in my face and stop asking me to use it.
exactly what i need. amazing app and way simple to use!
almost great. this app would be better if it had a little more functionality. i would love to be able to upload photos to invoices or even send an invoice from the app. i find myself not really using the app very much because it does not have full functionality. it would be nice if qb could mirror their web based app.
. downloaded app twice when i tried to login error message continually read i didn't have a quickbooks subscription. was never allowed to access app features.
. the best biz app...
pretty good but, but no bill entry????. i have found this to be somewhat helpful for reviewing expenses, but it would be fantastic if i was able to pay bills on the go. i would love to be able to keep my business mobile by using the camera to “scan” invoices and submit them for payment right from the app. a core function that is surprisingly absent. this is a must for future development. without it, the app just come up short...
. not nearly as useful as the desktop version very weak app. still needs tons of improvement
. it is a good program
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
. quick books and intuit do not support you or your business if you get scammed. warning do not use this app for credit card transactions. you get screwed. screwed me out of almost $500
nice app. needs few more improvements
employee. love quickbooks but really want to incorporate it into my service vehicles please make a employee version
. i can no longer create or see invoices. my home page is literally blank except for the header and the home menu buttons on the bottom. edit: a solution was found that works for me. i had my account switched to administrative and i'm no longer having issues.
love the app. excellent app just wish you guys would add the ability to turn on quantity while leaving rate off in estimates and invoices
. great with some improvements would be nice if invoice generated from app had the pay online link like the invoices i send from computer. is there a setting that i need to change to activate this feature?
". app for android stinks. only loads a few visible parts and if you try to update an invoice, originally entered on the desktop, it will ""zero out"" the parts not found on the app (causing invoicing discrepancies). ayou also can't upload attachments to invoices (which i use frequently in my business). until intuit can make their app consistent with the desktop version it is unusable for mobility."
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
great way to get my money in and estimates out.. really happy quickbooks enables me to work anywhere creating on the spot estimates and invoices making my cash flow work better for me. great app
no too bad. this app for the self employed version is pretty good. using the ipad is less so, mainly because it will not rotate into landscape view and the appearance of the interface is slightly blurry  not sharp like other apple apps. the features though, on the whole are pretty good.
very unstable!. downloaded the new version but the app consistently crashes just after login. real shoddy development and testing by intuit.
great app...does what it says.. just started to use, and i am loving it!
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
. great app and can finally look at my invoices on the job.
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
. i used to be able to pull reports (profit & loss and balance sheet). that feature seems to no longer be available on the latest app version. i don't know why they would remove such an important feature. it would be nice to run other reports as well.
all of my clients love it!. the ease of use is fantastic. i love that i can quickly load multiple accounts. the qbo app makes my job so much easier because my clients love tracking expenses and sending invoices on the go!
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
crashes too much, stressful. doing accounting is difficult enough. why did quickbooks create an app that crashes and creates frustration then?! this is not my phone's problem, because i have the latest apple model.
. i like having access to the product on my phone but i wish the app did as much as the full website.
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
bs. imported a csv for earlier history than the standard import, as the instructions said to, only to find nothing in the record anywhere, again. yes, i spent a few hours, imported lots of transactions, got nothing, twice. screw these people.
. very happy with it.
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
. i operate two companies through the app and notice that suppliers and customers from one company end up being listed in the other! i would give more stars, but this is a glaring issue that needs resolving urgently.
. good experience
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
does not intergrate with the desk top versions and is way more expensive. i bought the desk top version because i was told the app would work with it. now they are discontinuing the app and forcing users that need mobile access to use this, but it does not share data with the desk top version. it would not be so bad except that i bought and paid for qb for windows 2014 and is substantially more expensive in the long run.
clean and wonderful app. we love qb for i pad.
chrashing in estimates. the app is great, only hiccup is that it restarts as soon as i go into opening a new estimate
crashes with ios 13. just a heads up. when you try to take a picture of a receipt to upload to the account, the app freezes up and you can’t continue on. restarting the app doesn’t work either.
great app. yet again another update and even more glitches, you charge a fortune and cannot provide a decent service  i’m considering switching to a competitor as you have breached the contract that you have with me. this needs fixing urgently and you need to refund subscription fees! my advice to businesses and the selfemployed is do not use quickbooks!
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
app doesn't refresh with changes. the app doesn't refresh right away making it appear as though changes i have made aren't saved. however, when i get back to my computer all of my attempts to make changes like adding customer payments have been saved. for example, one time i had the same payment recorded 3 times.
best accounting software i've tried. this has got to be the most intuitive feature rich reasonably priced cloud computing package for small business i've ever seen. waaay better than myob, such a great little app.
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
. data always not updated. when try to update manually, it takes a very long time.
. very simple and easy to use. great for on the move banking, recieving, and invoicing.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
. great app!
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
. if i invoice a client and they mail check or hand me a check or give me cash i cannot record income unless they pay online bank transfer or credit card. so i cannot accurately. so this app is useless. and horrible client management. also need to be online no offline input. also i cannot merge to qb app each charge 9.99 month. cannot merge date as qb has better customer tracking. also neefs time tracking for jobs
a pretty good app. all in all, this is a pretty great app. it does just about everything i need it to while on the go, but it is missing one key piece of functionality. it does not allow the recording of deposits and that is really important for me. other than that it functions flawlessly and has never given me any trouble. overall, i love it!
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
useless since update. the last update brings a gorgeous splash screen. i know this because i see it dozens of times each day since i have to log in every time i open the app! completely useless now.
almost perfect. widgets aren't very flexible. i'd love a 1x1 for create customer, which then goes on to create invoice from that new entry. also would love a widget that shoes at a glance the total money i'm owed. other than this it's flawless.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
cant update billing info in app. slow, awkward layout, intelligent prefill of categories usually incorrect slowing down workflow. will be using moyob to set up accounts for my next fy.
. very useful app.
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
. unable to log on anymore from one device, support seems unable to help me. also very disappointed i can't make an invoice in a no service area and have it sync up later. called and emailed support twice now and no updates or response in over a week.
so easy. couldn't have been an easier to make the switch to online. so far, so good
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
not helpful. this app doesn't help me. i get errors every time i try to match or categorize a transaction from my bank. it's useless for me.
master electrician. this app has done everything that i have asked of it. fantastic of estimating, invoicing and receiving payments in the field while on the job site. really saves me time.
worst app update. after updating the recently, app is crashing. unable to login
. the app is horrible. doesn't update ky information, ia like a month behind. very frustrating. you are good at billing me every month, that part is up to date🙄.
. great accounting app. easy to use and robust.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. app is not opening. i have so much data in it please fix the issue
excellent app. i like the qb app better than the online version of qb. the app is easier to use and allows me to operate my business with no paperwork and less time spent doing bookkeeping and office work.
. one day it did not load. otherwise. great mobile app.
don't update!!!!. if you are using the current version of quickbooks online for your ipad 2, don't update. it will lock you out. then you will have hours of dealing with the horrible customer no service that intuit provide for this mess of a product.
changed the way we do business. i love this app. we needed something that we could easily use in the field. we can create estimates, invoices, receive payments and even attach check images to those payments. our productivity has skyrocketed. quickbooks has figured out the mobile accounting software. customers for life.
. more nicer with the update but i still can't give my customers discounts, i wish it would let me make a negative quantity or rate while making and invoice.
disappointing update. was able to do deposit on the go with earlier version. please fix.
the app is good. it works well for me
. it is easy to use the app and convenient to have on the go. however the app lacks the presentation of the computer online website which has better detail on each page. i would prefer to use the website page.
no multi currency in app. there is no multi currency function in the ipad app making it useless for entering overseas travel expenses.
quickbooks. awesome app.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
waste of time and slow. i didn’t even get past the registration. the app was soo slow and laggy when i was trying to put my details in i gave up. couldn’t imagine the amount of time i’d waste trying to write up quotes or invoices on it. avoid!!!
. it's amazing app
ios 13; don’t do it!. if you need this app to work correctly do not upgrade to ios 13 yet! many bugs... my worst bug: can’t look at any customer info anymore, does not work. yes i uninstalled and reinstalled...
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
convenient. as a consultant who spends most of my time out of the office this comes in handy for invoicing on the run. would be good if it was possible to add billable hours for a customer without creating an invoice (i invoice on a fortnightly basis so have to create an invoice and edit it daily then change the date of the invoice when it is finally issued). customisation of the widget would also be welcome.
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
bad user interface. the service doesn’t fully integrate with mobil usage. paying for the payroll service and can’t even use it. garbage, waste of money.
. i love the simple features on the app.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
. tried to use it to review transactions, banking section is permanently glitched and won't load transactions or activity.
couldn't perform like we do without. great app!!!! highly recommended. tracks and categories everything with moderate input from you. great on tax day!
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
. it keeps logging me out. this is a pain in the ass. please fix this.
. awesome makes life easier for once
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
. quickbooks does not work. it's a terrible program with a zero customer support. the problems i have are very basic and i'm certain others experience the same problems yet they are never resolved. i can't attach screenshots and i don't have the patience to enter all the problems experienced but i hate quickbooks and it's a shame that have such a grip on the industry because i would dump them with a smile immediately if i could
. nice app
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
"complete shit. developers can't seem to get it right.. going from version to version will cause problems logging in. might as well not offer as a mobile app, ""on the go"" my ass. i was told ""we're working on"" (for the past 6 times i inquired) then the last time ""too bad, use the web site for now""."
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
. very, very slow and to much freezing between transactions. i can't work properly. you need to speed up!
awesome app!!. seamless and intuitive. can accomplish so much with this app. thank you!!
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
app is glitching. ever since the new update to the quickbooks mobile app, it has been glitching every time i try to open the app. every time i click the app it closes by itself. it's frustrating whenever i have to log anything in the app. i have to constantly delete the app and reinstall it for it to work properly again.
quickbooks online. easy, simple to use.
needs work. i love the functionality of it but i wish it would integrate paypal for the option on invoicing. my customers all use paypal & im double sending because there is not a paypal button on this invoice program!
took out deposit option! why?. i can no longer record simple deposits from the mobile app. i’ve been using quickbooks online for over a year now and make use of that functionality weekly. why did they take it away? not every deposit is an invoice payment.
awesome. very simple very tech savy and user friendly
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
inutil. me encanta qb pero la app me parece inutil, no puedo ver bancos ni cuentas por cobrar o pagar, y para cambiar de empresa tengo q salir y volver a entrar. mejor usar la pagina web.
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
great app!. very useful, but i think it still needs some work. very limited, need to offer more functions.
what is the point?. of supporting touch id on my mobile device if every time i go to use it first thing in the morning i have use my password then my touch id works for the rest of the day but back to square in the next. useless feature.
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
frustrated. very difficult to make adjustments and when receiving a payment i have not found a way to receive cash as will as a card on the same invoice. frustrated
invoicing on the go!. the app is a great companion to the online version. allows me to invoice and keep track of billable items on the go. there is so much more it does but for me invoicing right after the job is done gives me freedom to do my office work while having a coffee.
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
. very handy app for invoicing on the go
crashing after ios13 update!. app is crashing after face id log in on xs max ios13
help. the android app is very very slow it takes a long time to change a estimate to a invoice i have emailed support several times about the issue with no reply please speed it up.
credit card interface is awesome. i know all apps aren't perfect, but this one does everything i need. i'm so happy when i can set up a new client, invoice and receive payment immediately! this has really improved my cash flow!
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
dangerous. this app would like customer number, passcode and security number if you want to sync bank accounts. this has been confirmed by lloyds, bank of scotland and santander that doing this is dangerous. as you are giving them information they need to access your account and if anything went missing you would not be protected and this information should not be inserted at anytime
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
horrible app!!!. online service seems to work good but use my phone a lot on the go!!! can't do any billing from app anymore!!! really hurting disappointed!!!! who do you talk to about this!!!! i give the app no stars
needs a couple of things. 1. better interface 2. main app screen should be like the desktop and show your account summary. but overall very good :)
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
clunky. will not keep me signed in, the thing is a nightmare
love the app, but price is too high. i love the app, but when will the price increases stop. as soon as i have time to research other programs i will cancel my subscription. $40 per month is too much to just invoice customers and reconcile my bank statement.
nice tool. i like this tool a lot but it could use more links. you need to add the ability to add to the time sheet service. i upgraded to use that on all my business phones on the field and low and behold support lied to me and said it was possible. so i upgraded and guess what it's not in the app.
. app gets crashed while working, statements can be printed downloads like web version. what is the need for inapp purchase for this app
great app. great app for someone on the go. chris
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
. 1 star due to being conned by the sales staff. downloaded app and was offered 50% reduction if i signed up. next day get a call from quickbooks sales team saying they could offer the price lower for 12 months, signed up and looked at the offer on the app was lower. its a good tool but sales obv just want to meet their targets
awsome. easy to use just take the time to set it up best software for small business
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
. garbage. doesn't even have a spot to track vehicle expenses. in the self employed version you can. but you can't track hst. would be nice to have one option for everything.
learning curve and then it's awesome.. takes some getting used to but i've now got it and it's actually very useful and easy to use. integration between my pc and iphone make it easy on the go and sitting at home. estimates, invoices & expenses all in one app.
. good basic accounting app but widgets don't seem to work
horrible. crashes every time. horrible customer service. move on to another app.
. good so far only on trial run right now
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
keeps crashing. crashes on latest ios version on iphone 6
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
. you need this app if your running a business
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
easy to use. really happy with quickbooks in general.
". we really like quickbooks online. it works nice but, the android phone and apple ipad apps still need some work. while functional in some things, overall app needs improved. we still use it, only when absolutely necessary, not a go to thing. my rating will change to 10 stars when  ""if"" they update these apps. but qb in general, love it!"
non functional. could not edit invoices, tried to edit terms would not allow very frustrating
confusing. the guidance on using the app and getting the most from it is not very good  for someone starting out like me, i'm struggling with this.
. needs something fix sales tax to enable for existing customers!
. i have not been able to log into the app. i keep receiving an error message indicating i need to install the latest version, but it is already installed. i even attempted uninstalling and reinstalling, to no avail.
user friendly. this app is so nice when i am out and about getting good items for our business i can input them right then and there. i don't have to come home a do it, sometimes i forget then i get unorganized and have missing receipts that i later find. i love this app.
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
if it worked.... won't load my bank balance in the app i have to do it on the laptop, it's frozen twice and can't connect to qb online. had it 12 hours so far
everything i need right from my phone. so handy to be able to do estimates, invoices, and record my expenses right from my phone! will save a lot of time with bookkeeping as now i can enter everything on the go.
access to qb contacts please. love this app, means i can work while out with the kids. would be better if my phone was allowed access to my quickbooks contacts as my husband adds the contacts and they call before i have chance to add them to my phone.
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
love it. easy to use and reliable. customer love the fact that they can sign the estimate and invoice.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
love this app. i enjoy all the features it provides and the simplicity of using it.
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
. zero stars if i could. app never tracks my milage and is constantly failing. waste of money.
. this app has, literally, changed my financial standing. as a fantastic it engineer but rubbish at business management i would struggle to arrange invoices for the many small jobs that i do. now, with this app, i'm able to raise and send invoices on the spot!
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
. completely useless. tracks payments and deposits, but when you try and generate the year end report all items are zero. it doesn't tabulate for some reason. don't buy. complete waste of money.
convenient. i upgraded to quickbooks online after some computer problems. it is so comforting to know i can access my information from several devices and the transition went smoothly.
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
poor experience with qb customer service. does not integrate with wells fargo merchant account. was very disappointed with customer service representative to get information on how to implement quickbooks pos. ended up going with wf, and would probably have gone with qb pos if we had all the facts. representative was flippant, condescending, and rude.
best business app. this is very helpful in keeping accounts excellent app
really convenient. love this app. i'm trying it as a trial and i'm sold. we will be getting the monthly service for sure.
opens the closes. after the last update of quick books i can not access it on my ipad. there for it is costing me money. i hit the app it opens the closes right back. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it is the same thing. i have 3 jobs i did today that i could not take payment on because of this. please fix asap
great. it will make things easier, just wish i had a place to put in mileage
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
update ruined a great small business tool. quickbooks use to be an awesome tool to let us send invoices after a job is completed on the spot. it also allowed a user to edit payment information anywhere via the mobile app. this is now all gone thanks to the new update. if it is not fixed soon, we are looking into transferring our accounts to another system.
online. online is really user friendly and the app is a bonus
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
. this app is useless and doesn't work properly on a phone
very very useful. this app is a great way of using quick books online. some limitations compared to using the full version via the web but enough to make things a lot easier and on the spot. one star off for limitations etc but recommend.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
can't work offline.... mobile tech service. can't work if not in a coverage area on my phone. no receipts for customers or transaction entries. sucks!
. its a very helpful app for businesses
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
doesn't send invoices. my customers stopped receiving invoices from me via email. i have to send it to myself and forward to them. customer service is a joke: they think their clients are stupid, their advices are just ridiculous: are you sure you put the email in the right section? really? i had been sending invoices via email before and they all received them.
. great app. can be used on the go as well so very convenient.
. why this app is not in french ???
great  when it works.. app crashes often and has trouble down loading data
. great software, easy to use
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
pretty good but no international customers?. the vendors that are set up as eu or other don't show up on interface, a problem when half your business is international. also, entering invoices is cumbersome, only use for extreme circumstances. but nice to have something that partially functions when on the run.
crashes. a lot.. new upgrade crashes. a lot. allowed me on just long enough to click 'leave a review'. then crashed. again.
good. so far so good. wish more things were accessible on the app.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
". downloaded the app to be able to view estimates and invoices from phone while i'm away from my computer and someone calls wanting to know ""how much did we have in this job or that job"" well, the app is prettt useless when you have hundreds of estimates out and you're trying to find a particular one , but there is no ""search"" tool to look for what you're trying to find."
easy to use. easy to learn and use. nice to set up. help is always there if needed.
as a cpa, i think qboa is by far the best of the big three. it's better organised then myob and xero and accepts wpns which neither xero or myob will. the fact that it's half their price makes it an absolute winner
. continues to make me turn phone off and on or delete app it does not work.
great app. i love using this as i am away from the office it's so easy to use via phone or tablet
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
sloooooooowwwww!!! iphone 6. very slow to do simple things like log an expense. camera feature is useless with crop feature. can i have the option to turn this off? just wanna take a photo without auto crop which 90% does a bad job. other than that its great :)
very good app. good functionality. still room for improvement in some areas but i know they will come in time. love quickbooks online!
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
new update issues. the previous update solved these issues, but this current update causes error messages with sales rep login whenever creating invoices, and also causes printing communication errors constantly.
very useful, ios 13 login issue however. as the title says. this software, when combined with the website version, can be incredible useful. the layout is good. i use it for work and once you get to know it it’s pretty good. currently there is an issue logging in with ios 13.
missing functionality. reliable app but authentication is too slow. also some features aren't available. i sometimes just use the web app through the browser to access those features.
missing too much functionality. basic features like looking at an account are missing. my chart of accounts are listed but clicking to view transactions says this account not viewable in the mobile app.
. user friendly
. so far so good; this app should provide a snapshot of the company as first view.
new version stinks. one of the main reasons i use the app is so that i can pull up my customers entire transaction history when i'm out in the field. the previous version did that beautifully. other problems as well.
. love this app smooth and easy
. still somewhat confusing.
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
qb online. tout ce qu'il faut pour la pme. facilité, mobilité, flexibilité! un support technique accessible, compétent et rapide.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
very useful, ios 13 login issue however. as the title says. this software, when combined with the website version, can be incredible useful. the layout is good. i use it for work and once you get to know it it’s pretty good. currently there is an issue logging in with ios 13.
. great app, but i wish i could generate purchase orders from the app to send to vendors.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
quick book user. amazing app ever
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
doesn’t work like the app on a pc. the fact that the apps are not the same on a pc than on the ipad or mobile is frustrating. can’t see running totals on the register, can’t add transactions the same way, etc. and the kicker is the website version doesn’t work at all on the ipad, can’t scroll through the register because scroll bars are absent in chrome or safari. horrible adaptation and makes the ipad useless to conduct accounting business with quickbooks...
easy to use, instrumental to my business. keep it glitch free please
. worthless program. i am a quickbooks pro advisor and user for 20 years. this just does not work well and there are better applications out there.
. i would rate the app 5 stars if you could trust that the info was accurate. i have, so many times, quoted customers their balance on my route only to discover that it is missing invoices. it appears that this app is virtually worthless as recent invoices are never uploaded to app.
easy to use. this app has been a life saver for starting a business and trying to keep the records straight. makes it easy for my accountant to access my records. good job quickbooks
latest version is a disaster. face recognition does not work at all. you have to sign in every time you open the app and often get kicked out especially when switching between companies. colossal waste of time.
. thieves. they refused to deposit funds into my bank account and kept my customers money. i would not recommend.
. great app that allows you to run your business on the go!
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
mileage tracker. any chance you can put a mileage tracker on this app? other wise it's perfect for small business
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
. really slow compared to desktop
. opened a trial account and went to add an account and it just hung on me. not a good start. also the reviews from other customers are horrendous. this looks like a company that has forgotten to look after it's customers. shame i used quickbooks before and it was great.
convenient and efficient. this app allows me to create invoices and collect for my plumbing services in the field and takes care of the book keeping simultaneously! i can also email the invoice to my customer instantly, which my customers seem to appreciate.
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
. when will you make a self employed app to go along with your web pages. this app doesn't recognize my self employed account.
. good support so far, big program, lots of tools.
improvements need to be in desktop version too. happy to have amount remaining automatically calculated in expense entries when splitting items between multiple categories! the online desktop version used to have this feature as well but went way with a recent upgrade, add it back please
. useless. android app does not support in india
. i like it makes my life easier
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
company owner. you can't go in an manage users unless you have a desktop version that's just not acceptable i have an ipad pro cost 3times what my computer cost it better get fixed or i am gone.very disappointed. also customer service can't help either rg
good app i’ve grown fond of. makes my life 5 times easier. definitely worth the money
where's the touch password?. i use keychain so my quickboks password on my mac is super random, with dashes and strange symbols. i use quickbooks on my iphone so i can quickly add expenses when on the road and don't have a mac nearby. please add the touch password feature back in so the iphone app is convenient again.
. subscribed at the top tier quickbooks subscription, but i cannot check my inventory on the mobile app. i cannot express how sad i am, that should the first feature to ever be implemented but its just not there.
bob. great app
easy here, hard there. you can tell this is more for business that need to create invoices more than purchase orders. desktop as well. i’ll give 4 stars when they add a po feature to the app.
difficulty downloading. i have used the application for years, but the whole system has trouble downloading new activity. very frustrating.
work. great app especially for small businesses
good program. works different than internet. that causes some head aches.
. doesn't open, tried reinstalling and clearing cache. used to work.
the best mobile app for business i've use!. quickbooks mobile app is the best app i've used for my small business. it has everything i need at my fingertips. thank you intuit.
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
new update fail to open. just updated and app will not open
. i am happy with the app. it means i can get work done in the field.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
awesome app. awesome app and online as well. runs rings around xero. app is 100x better
crashing after ios 13 update. after ios 13. i can not log into my quickbooks app please fix this asap
. unworkable garbage. sso doesn't work. can't sign in with otherwise working credentials. leaves orphaned chrome instances running for every failed signon. absolute trash; fire these developers.
. very helpful. great job on the app
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
pants app! does not refresh, to many glitches!. poor show on the app! creates more work for me then needed, stick to logging in online. far easier than trying to refresh the app manually, i'll get grey before i can do any accounting with this app!!
handyman. love it
. po , translation invoice, how to add discount?
useless for sure. qbo is useless. can’t login with google account. forces me to create a newseparate password. can’t really access qbo via a browser on ipad. overall terrible experience. i’m sure it’s equally apple and qbo fault.
great app for managing your accounts.. great app, would definitely recommend it.
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
. not for indian. can register as i am from india
good. nice app
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
. someone is lazy this app does not work well will allied irish bank since the bank updated its security features and its been months i reported the issue no one wants to take action. sad enough is that i am still paying for it every month.
a long way to go. basic but does the job not the best app
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
"rarely works. the quickbooks app worked great for awhile. now with the last update, nothing refreshes. i'm always receiving messages that it can't ""update at this time. try again later."" very disappointing"
mr. great app. i use it all the time on my phone and tablet.it works seamlessly with qbo. invoicing, receipts, checking my account, giving it to my bookeeper all easy and on the go. i couldn't do without it now.
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
"worse accounting program. you have to go through multiple screens for a simple tasks. there is functionality in the app that's not available in the desktop which is unusual for an accounting program. automation and ""how to"" help menus are nearly nonexistent."
. great app
pas mal !. application très conviviale — me sauve plusieurs heures de pénible saisie comptable par mois. quelques petites fonctions additionnelles permettraient une utilisation encore plus conviviale, comme le fait de pouvoir par défaut définir des taxes (qui sont, dans 95% des cas toujours la même chose) au lieu de devoir spécifier le tout chaque fois...
. litterally trash. never works. double invoices . deletes things. stayed loyal as they have promised fixes for over a year now. nothing but a waste of time
great app. i travel constantly and this app allows me to keep up with my bookkeeping wherever i am
no purchase orders. as of feb 2015, i'm unable to find a way to create purchase orders from this app. without the ability to raise orders for inventory, i cannot run my business, so the app is useless for me. seems handy, so i wish it worked properly.
. desktop on line was great had to upgrade to the new online version ,total nightmare can't fined customer statements or customer credit notes etc. very few reports unfortunately have to use the online version due to the new digital vat rules or would just dump it. online chat is as much good as a chocolate teapot. there must be another accountancy package out there that we can transfer all our quickbooks data to. terrible
awesome. great program
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
update google signin never works. update: quickbooks support contacted me. i uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it works now.  i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google signin. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
. really great app, highly recommend it!
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
i can't look up pertinent information. i can't look up pertinent information on the go while i am meeting with clients, such as a yearly sales history. doesn't do much good for the small business owner. definitely not worth paying so much money for an app that has no functionality in the field.
loving it!. very simple and user friendly.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
. errors on free trail. can generate a invoice or put the company name on. i try my phone, tablet and laptop. keep on saying the same thing. error on tax .........
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
attachment quality is terrible. the quality of the attachments when taking pictures of things like receipts compresses my photos down to almost indistinguishable. i am using a galaxy s4 and the uploaded pictures are 50kb. at least allow me to choose my compression rate. it allows 25 mb attachments. please fix this!
cloud attachments  well done!. i've been waiting years for the ability to attach files to an invoice from a cloudbased source and it's finally here in this release. thank you! now my computer usage is 99% ios, independent of a desktop.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. doesn't sync like it should, does not allow you to specify deposits. frustrating. the guy with support even told me to not use it.
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
old version was better. the functionality of being able to invoice on the go is great but the reports were much better in the old version. used to be able to easily click who owes me and who i owe. wish this had the company snapshot report as a report option.
. easy to navigate
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
. worse app ever, doesn't let you view your receipts through phone. useless for my business. biggest waste of money i have spent so far.
couldn't do without it. the qb on line version has really simplified our operations. the ability to have multiple users from different locations, especially remote access, has made life easier. either using a laptop or my ipad is great when out of the office. the only thing i've found that the app does not allow me to do is prepare a purchase order. but, there seem to be periodic updates so hopefully this will be coming soon. i would recommend qb to any small business.
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app!
how do i remove this app from my iphone?. i do not want to use thus app and now i cannot uninstall it from my iphone. l try by holding the icon and get a message asking if i want to share it. does not show in my settings so i cannot delete it there either. can't find online help.
great app for independent contractors. qb helps me stay on top of my invoices and keeps me organized.
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
what a joke.. can't add notes to customers. buggy! cant print. awful. if you are moving from qb desktop, think again! there's not even an easy way to just view today's business. no reports in app. useless.
awesome. love this app!! so easy and quick to use
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
quick books. very complete app. easy to use on the go .
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
. garbage. doesn't even have a spot to track vehicle expenses. in the self employed version you can. but you can't track hst. would be nice to have one option for everything.
. nice app
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
. crashes on loading. android 7
best. app ever
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
. does not work on my pixel phone. sucks i have to pay the same rate as everyone else but can't get all the benefits. update...the email address intuit gave me to email does not work...shocker.
. love having my accounting on the go. missing a few key features in the app but hopefully they will be added soon. sure beats manually reconciliation of a paper check book!
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
. i've been trying to use this app for months and months. it doesnt work, and nobody has done anything about the problems even though there are numerous complaints and bad reviews. i'm getting ready to stop paying for quickbooks and find something else. i mainly wanted to us the app for taking pictures of receipts, but due to the syncing issues, i can't submit more than one receipt picture without the app hanging or freezing. i've tried reinstalling, clearing cache, etc. with no luck.
. easy and simple to use!would recomend it!
. think it is great to a point. having trouble posting a sales receipt. can't get to my comp. wanting and needing more.
. this app sucks can not access anything very frustratung have to go to desktop on my phone its a nightmere going to look for something that actulay works from a moble device takes to much time fighting to use sucks
great app. qb online app is a great app and it's only getting better. it frees up alot of time to be able to run a business on the go.
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be.
. great app
. no unit field in invoice or estimation. makes it impractical in real life transactions.
poor app not intuitive. some features are good, but (and it is a big but), the desktop app does not work, the web app is poor and the iphone app almost forces you to make errors, which you can't seem to undo. this is a waste of money. if the app were more intuitive and flexible then you'd have a winner. for now you won't be putting accountants or spreadsheets of business.
. i have been using this app for a year now, it helps me keep up with all my recipts and invocies for my cleaning business.
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
honestly i would rate this app 0!. app doesn't work at all, getting error every time i'm trying to login. no respond from team during a week! just stay away of it!!! if you think that your advice to reinstall would help  you are wrong! i did it already couple if times before your advise finally came in. this app just doesn't work and i wouldn't spent more time for it!!!!!! stay away of it!!!
love it for our small businesses. love using quickbooks for both our small businesses! makes collecting our invoices and communicating with our customers super easy!
not free. wish there was an app like this for free the soon i started free trial next step was if i wanted 3months and pay or have a small discount and still pay :
garbage. do not use this app will create an accounting nightmare can’t export back to desktop or keep your data with out staying up with their monthly payments just junk
. great! simple to use & very professional...very satisfied wquickbooks!
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right. update 020219; still has constant logout problems after all these years. would give 0 stars if i could.
a very useful application. i find it quite convenient to be able to enter expenses from my phone and include photographs receipts when i am on the go. i use quickbooks online and although the app is limited in some respects as far as functionality goes the limits that other reviewers have discussed has not affected my business at all. i like it a lot :)
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
decent app. very limited features. needs to allow photo capture of customer checks. also needs deposit feature.
uh huh. does exactly what it's supposed to.
logo. is it possible for me to add my company logo when i issue out invoices?
why the love. app just doenst work well  slow and just not a great experience.
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
doesn't support timesheet entry. i have an account through my employer that is only used to enter timesheet information. this works great through the quickbooks online website from my pc, but when i try to log in through the app it tells me that i do not have a quickbooks online subscription.
. makes it really easy to be on the move. i don't have to wait to invoice until i'm at my computer. i can do it right then and there
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
. exceptional customer service all selfexplanatory perfect for my small business
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
great accounting app. so far i like it. pretty much easy to use
. good app, but please can you add mode of payment to sale receipts and receive payment. anytime i do sale receipt on the app, it post the cash directly to undeposited fund account i created instead of bank account of cash and cash equivalent that i created... please help us fix this pls
. i got this to sync with my online account and it doesn't. also it won't let me add a sales tax. and so what's the point if i hafta enter everything into separate accounts.
. great app. saves time and simplifies billing customers on the go.
. good app but it's annoying that i have to remove and reinstall the app for almost every update that's released.
can't create new invoice. very troublesome considering this was an app i raved to people about its efficiency yet now i can't even create a new invoice and earn money... just paid for premium too. very disappointed and would like my money back for each day the app is rendered useless.
easy. seems to do everything i need it to.
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
. it sucks scam!!! so i tried quickbooks just for hel,p i got logged out of the app and now i have to pay $400 just to restart my password other companies are free.
. love it! super easy to learn and use
. nice program! make it so i can bank on droid and it couldn't get any better.
app crashes. ever since update cannot open app. need to fix immediately.
now works with ios13. just updated ios 13 app appears to be working on ios13.
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
quits randomly. when i am on my tablet the program will just randomly quit working and no of my work will be saved. it has been doing this for a few months
great for mobile services. i'm a computer technician and i use this to send a invoice or estimate for clients. quickbooks has a brand name which is good when you email your clients a invoice, it looks very professional. the best thing about this app is the cloud base syncing of your invoice, clients, income and expenses. it's worth the money if you want good quality invoices for your clients.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
why bother. why bother with the app? you get better features by using your web browser, even on your tablet. even still, the payroll functions are very cumbersome and don't work well, so a desktop is still required.
. great app, really so much better than anything else, there are a few things i would like to improve my experience... hard to explain... but i'll try... when i assign expenses on my phone, i have to go on to a desktop to tick billable.... does that make sense?
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
great but unreliable. a five star app with one star reliability. half the time it doesn't refresh, or your data is unaccessible, or the server can't be contacted, or you are logged out. when working it is fantastic, but the most infuriating app for business i have ever used.
business. i'm very happy with this app help me a lot
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
could be great. this app takes care of basic needs but it could be amazing. i'm unsure of why intuit chose to cut the corners it did. examples: there is no check option in the + there is no bank deposit option in the + tapping my bank acct on the home page takes me to my chart of accounts. huh? there needs to be some polishing.
no complaints!!!. 👍👍👍👍the first business app ever that i'm unable to find anything wrong with. my boss & i love it. it's incredible how close this app comes to the qbo full website in terms of what we're able to access and accomplish using it. leaves all competitors in the dust. keep up the good work qbo!!!
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
app doesn't work at all. after attempting to log in several times the app crashes every time. i cannot rely on it for work so it's useless.
. makes my life as a designer and contractor so much easier
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
terrible to customers. your website deleted my account, which i spent hours putting together, and had every intention of subscribing and paying for this service, and then when i spoke with customer service to see what happened, i was told to call two other numbers for the same service, then placed on hold by the final number for 510 minutes, and was hung up on. they had my number and never called me back. horrible service to your customers. i will pursue a different company.
. quickbooks is amazing! this program and app has made our small business easy, organized, and is the main hub of our online customer service and accounting!
. using this app had help me reduce the time required to prepare my client account significantly from months to just weeks. some from 23 years backlog to weeks. i can use the time saved for other aspects of my client business.
not connecting. used to work. now after login it's not connecting.
qbo ipad & iphone. i think that intuit is doing an incredible job with this product! the updates have been wonderful for me. i would love to be able to make transfers between accounts, but i am thoroughly pleased with this product.
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
hassled. having a negative experience trying to connect bank account. tried the right credentials and still not getting anywhere. waste of time.
cool app. very convenient, i'm yet to use it to its fullest, but i love the way it alerts me to payments i need to make or should have received. very happy.
app can’t find our data. we are days into this app not being able to access our data: accounting, banking, billing. access is only available through certain browsers on a laptopdesktop. the support team is friendly and wished me luck.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
great app. great app for small businesses
meh. still not sure how quick books became the market leader and they have been resting on their laurels for years. the app is no exception. there are lots of improvements they could make but they are too lazy.
can't do my expenses on the app. i've started using quickbooks a few months ago. all was going ok but now i can't do my expenses on my app anymore. can't take pictures of my receipts to add them to my expenses. i contacted them and they said they are dealing with it but still no luck after a few weeks waiting. very frustrating. all other functions are working fine though. depe
making life easy. qbs has enabled me as an absolute novice to business manage the financials of all components of my business. the ability for my accountant to look in and assist were necessary and conduct tax admin such as bas preparation has been such a relief. making life easy in small business is a welcome capability.
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
. good only good for invoicing. no way of viewing financial reports via this app.
exelent app. recomended. exelent app. recomended
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
. not able to login to app since one month now.
works well. great app, easy to see what's going on at a glance
. after some training it is clear that quickbooks is an invaluable tool for business. after using other cloud invoicing software who have either not covered my needs or have closed down i would hope that qb will be around for the long haul . downgraded by 1 star because the recipt capture isnt quite as good as another app i had .
. this app is not working with samsung note 9
great system easy to use. i really like the online version better than the windows. the app is easy to use there's some issues with it though, i would ole like it better if you could use and access every thing as if you were on your computer. i don't always have time to sit down at the desk and go threw every thing.
. je ne sais pas je connais pas encor
". error message that cannot be fix ""cannot add this invoice, if error continues, please contact support"" that cannot be fix from quickbooks my android app been like this close to 1 month cannot create invoices estimates so on my business suffer cause of that, have use regular computer to create what was said. not good for business all subscriptions are active."
great start. app is perfect for a small business. the sooner you get organized using the app the less work you have to do down the road. love it
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
would get 5 stars if it refreshed properly.. every time i open the app, i need to log out then log back in in order to get updated content. please can this get fixed.
c'mon, you know you need it. subscribe already. better than zoho or jobber. very organized and useful. such a time saver and it makes my company look 5 times more professional. recommended!
. really need to be able to create a purchase order using the app
. app freezes and crashes several times a day. the photo receipt scan feature is probably the biggest culprit. even simple things like updating my business contact information yields an error message which is usually followed by a crash. the mac version of qbo isn't any better. similar issues there. very clunky, buggy applications. too much time spent troubleshooting. time for an alternative.
frank. this app is amazing. it is exactly what i needed to start my business. it makes it quick and easy to do your estimates, invoices, and keep track of all your accounting needs.
. i installed it on my cellphone but wasn't installed because of insufficient storage. so what i did was to delete some apps on my phone. when i tried to install it again to the phone it won't work because the said phone now cannot be access because it's now not highlighted in this quickbook apps
lots of errors.. there are a lot of bugs with qbo, and my accountants have noted errors in the reports. apparently qb is aware but haven't resolved the issues. we have also had numerous glitches in the program  including not being able to log into our account (only being able to log into my accountant's page). this issue has been ongoing for over 18 months without resolution. overall qbo has great potential if it only worked properly.
. great app, simple to use ... a business can't move past a certain point without a reliable payment and invoice tracking system .... quick books delivers and is constantly improving ... highly recommended!!
great app!. just need the ability to take a photo of a receipt and upload it and then it'll be 5 stars (i understand this is something that the online application is lacking as well)
can't log in. crashes every time i try to log in. reinstalled twice. no go.
good. i wish i had full functionality for everything. great way to pull up an invoice on the fly.
. keeps logging me out otherwise really nice app
. terrible app, customer service is a joke with no follow up. switching to a different accounting software.
. so glad we didn't pay for xero. qb does everything we need and is user friendly for techderps like myself.
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
don’t buy on apple!. if you subscribe through apple and then want to migrate to your business account, your data can’t be kept. you have to create a new company and re enter all your data!
. i do invoices and print from my recliner. love this app. and sometimes generate estimates minutes after finishing my work before leaving the clients home. very convenient !!
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
deceiving. silly me. i thought quickbooks had somehow released a free service. i installed this app, and the first thing i am presented with is a screen asking me to sign up for a free trial. sorry, $12.99 per month is just not worth it for quickbooks until they finally build a decent rental business module. i hate being tricked into downloading apps that are actually not free.
. great app. let's me work from anywhere!
. this is a great app and has been an invaluable tool for me to manage my business. the only draw back i have found is when i tried to use paypal in conjunction with the app. 1) the cost implications and 2) getting the money to my bank account. this is not a quickbooks issue but it just caused me a headache.
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile i am a paid version user and i am pc login all options are work properly but mobile apps issue i have made complete 4 tims in call center but agent ask me team work this issue
electrical contracting business. very easy and convenient to use. my accountant can log on to it from her office saving me the time and the trip. i appreciate the phone app especially for unexpected service calls.
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
doesn't work. keeps telling me its unable to sync data.
. great program
super app. very satisfy with demo. app looks and works super but expensive! :(
*terrible app*. do not take the chance with this program its flawed at best and is only designed to take as much money off you for as long as possible. it has multiple errors all the time. find something for better value and don’t pout it in control of your business because when it fails you have no control whatsoever.
. great program! time saving system. wish i had estimate vs actual report.
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
useless since update. the last update brings a gorgeous splash screen. i know this because i see it dozens of times each day since i have to log in every time i open the app! completely useless now.
great for small business. such a time saver, easy for business owner, accountant and bookkeeper to enter review and lodge bas. love the fact i can take photos of receipts to back them up and also add attachments to invoices etc. such a great software with web access also
just like the web version. the new updates are great. it's just like the web version minus tax lodgements which is possibly due to regional differences. the only gripe i have is the lack of keyboard integration which means you will need to use the touch screen but it's an ipad app so can't really complain there.
. this app is slow
awesome app!. great product, has everything our small business needs, saved us a lot of time transferring from one program to this. reconciliation is a dream, so simple and easy to work out. have had no issues whatsoever and am very happy with the change over, has made life so much easier. 👍 thank you
. some features only available through the desktop dashboard ...
"disappointing. if you also make ""mint"", why make your subscription service app so much worse? mint is great. this app is not."
great app!. i already loved qb...the app makes my business run even more efficient and allows me to pull up customers bills on the spot or estimates where they can sign. very convenient.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
poor. say they can transfer info from sage into there software, no they can’t if you use stock codes what a waste of time.
works good. does awesome job for business, accounting
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
. good app
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
. this is garbage
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up! one more star for a stronger search engine, can't find invoices by number or customers by address
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
. does every thing i need it to do, and i can do it on my phone. so easy to navigate. wouldn't want to run my business without it.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
it sucks. after a year it erase the clients info. and it doesn't give you the option to edit to purchase order.
great app!. i have used quickbooks for years and love their software. this application takes their wonderful software to a whole new level. the mobility and ease of use are excellent! the app is well built and very easy to use. it integrates well with your main quickbooks program and syncs all your data in real time. a+++
co owner. we opened a small furniture and decor store. we use quickbooks online with few problems, however the go payments part was terrible. on our opening day it couldn't process 5 credit card transactions and has been sporadic ever since. we bought a new i pad hoping the faster processor would help wrong.
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
easy to use. a very easy to use software that is cloud based with a great phone app. i’ve been using this for some time now and it evolves every year. most for the best. a helpful help call centre should you have any problems. 4 stars as i don't believe you can back this up
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
. very powerful program.
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
pathetic. when will intuit wake up and get a real program for the ipad? very limited unless all you want is invoicing....disappointed....was hopeful at one point but have had it with intuit
easy and user friendly. i have been using for 5 years
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
service date. been told by intuit several times that service date will be available on invoices almost a year ago....still nothing and it is crucial to have in the lawn care biz
ios app > than the web version. it is pleasantly surprising to see that the app is faster on the phone in comparison to the website! keep up the good work 👍🏼
for phone. could be easier to use if it was more like the pc edition
. i have contacted customer service several times for support issues with the appquickbooks online not syncing the transactions automatically. no one seems to have an answer on what's going on. each time i'm advised by a customer service represenative to remove and reconnect the bank account yet in doing so it still doesn't work.
love it. they fixed the errors i was having. great app now.
very helpful.... there are some glitches with a couple of the features but for the most part, it’s exactly what i need. a great help for record keeping and invoicing my customers efficiently. there should be an option to select and send multiple invoices at once. i have multiple invoices per customer each week.
simply doesn't work. my companies all use qb online. i access it via browser almost daily. this app routes me to an advertisement to switch to qb online, even if i use the admin credentials. i'll assume it's something with all of my accounts and not a shameless advertising plug.
very easy to use. the app works flawless. being able to sign in with biometrics, take photo of receipts and capture expenses quickly is one of the many great feature.
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
terrible across the board. quickbooks online needs a lot more research and development. continuously enters double entries from link bank account. does not enter feeds uptodate like it says it is going to
. the best app.
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
"it was good no it's just horrible. i used to be able to update my invoices from my phone and now it just locks me out. it also used to show when customers viewed my invoices but now it keeps saying ""it might not be up to date"". after 7 years with them. i'm going to find a new pos at the beginning of the year."
great app!. this app makes using accounting software extremely easy and convenient! so easy to go from phone, tablet, and pc.
"great app. android sg5 needs (negative) """" option when editing the amount entry on invoices."
". app for android stinks. only loads a few visible parts and if you try to update an invoice, originally entered on the desktop, it will ""zero out"" the parts not found on the app (causing invoicing discrepancies). ayou also can't upload attachments to invoices (which i use frequently in my business). until intuit can make their app consistent with the desktop version it is unusable for mobility."
. very nice updates to the app. easy to use in the go.
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
. i had to stop in the middle of resending an invoice, after i cant seem to find email resend edit option??:((( have to reenter all like new order, waste of time!!! does it accept international bankwire?
. makes book keeping simple and informative.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
invoice quantity wrong. when i go to create an invoice and type in a quantity of 1, the total amount equals zero no matter how much the amount. it isn’t calculating correctly. also, it states that the email address i type in is too long even though it is the same email address that i’ve used before.
great easy to use. i love the mobil app really lets me work outside the office.
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
. great software. made my life much much easier!
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
awful software. i have quickbooks for years and the service is awful and the customer service reps can't help you. plus read the small print about the merchant account i have been paying 4% on credit card transactions. simply horrible
superb app. i'm an electrician and run my entire business on this app it's makes my life so easy :)
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
. so how long is your app going to be temporarily unavailable? we're going on 3 days now and i need to bill people.
. great app , looking forward to getting the full version.
can’t upload receipts. it’s incredibly ridiculous that you can’t upload receipts from anywhere but your photos app. what if you get emailed an invoice? nope can’t upload it!
"dissapointed. i was hoping for more. if the app has issues logging into a bank account, ect. it gives you an error code that you have to log onto there website to walk you through what it ""might"" be, then you have to go back and forth, try different things to fix it....ahhhh. you get my point😒"
"great app. great app. would be good to have a salesinvoice report that sorted by ""service date"". thanks :)"
quickbooks online. 80% of business can be done from smartphone including invoicing and expenses.
sign in error. can't even sign in anymore. tried on multiple devices so i know it's not my phone. please fix
great app. it works great
"review. i have been using quickbooks since the start of my business, and have found it to be extremely useful!! i don't have one bad thing to say about quickbooks, other then for some reason, which no reason was given to me, i'm not able to set up the ""accept payment"" option it offers. if i could activate that feature i would give quickbooks 5 stars. until then they have a 4 star review from aj's tree service!!"
. this app literally will never open.
very useful on day to day business. makes mobile invoice and payment tracking a breeze
. whats the cost after free trial
poor update. unfortunately this latest update has a bug which believes i am on a free trial which has expired. i can still log in to the system on the internet but the ios versions do not work on ipad or iphone for me now. in addition, an option to receive funds in to another account other than the main current account would be a great feature to implement on ios which is sadly lacking at the moment.
user friendly. works great!. great app for running a small business. easy to use for estimates, invoicing, accounts receivable, etc. can't wait to integrate it with our payroll to make billing for labor even easier. highly recommend.
. cant add expenses or clients to qb through my smart phone
stopped working on samsung galaxy s6. never had a problem with the app till about 3 weeks ago. it stopped working on my samsung galaxy s6 for no reason. i'm a small business that's on the road a lot and need to be able to send invoices on the spot. please fix it.
. another app failed to provide the timely support i needed. i have used quickbooks before and i am sure i will have a great experience!
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month.
. rubbish, cannot connect to hrmc, hard to then cancel payment
easy to use. great app to use
. it's a decent app. not quite a full model with some basics left out. also, they need to make it available for kindle.
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
awesome app!. best way to keep your finances organized!
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
update problems. the app have now problems i recommend to check that i was using the app for 3 years but now is a disaster
. keeps my accountant happy 😇
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
does not work with ios 13. beware!. crash on launch when using it on ios 13.
. user friendly. i am an accountant and am moving many clients to qbo
. preparing to start a business and this software was rated the best. i took a 5 day class for 4hours. i was so happy that i downloaded this app and used in class too.
app is crap. the quickbooks app very rarely lets us sign in and when it does many of the functions do not work. i’ve contacted customer service which is a complete joke. their suggestion was to check out the message board to see who else may have the problem we have! why? how about fix the problem!
great program. i am a startup welding company, so computers are not my strong suit. literally self taught with qb’s help section, and a couple video tutorials. i mange my companies financials, expenses and payables on my own. this is a big feat being a neanderthal who sticks metal together.
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
no pos. doesn't allow you to create pos. takes out functionality available on the full online version.
new app is great!. the new app is super user friendly and versatile. it’s easier to use quickbooks from my phone than it is from my pc now. vast improvement over the previous versions.
kerrie. herc's girl
. why doesn't this app work at all on my samsung?? its saying it can't be supported.
. very user friendly and accessible
add more countries. i really love this app but my country, ghana is not part of the selected countries please kindly add it.
. the worst app in the entire google play store its useless dosent work correctly impossible to navigate the person who made it ought to be fired its a disgrace
great app!. this app makes it so much easier to manage your quickbooks online account from the road or the office or anywhere!
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
. apps bad after last update... you can't easily see invoice and or estimate amount anymore, you have to click each invoice & estimate to see numbers... i will be changing program's soon if not fixed.... we need to be able to easily scroll up and down the hundreds of open invoices and see where things are, not open each invoice to get information... way to timeconsuming... can't screenshot what's going on because the update before prohibits this now.... please devs fix
welshman. love it. simple for me to send estimates & invoices from the field.
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
. just awful. i never know if or when it will work properly. i've uninstalled and reinstalled, tried with and without wifi, this app has cost me a lot in time and money. i never know what it will screw up next and support has never once been helpful in solving issues
excellent on ipad, good on iphone. i use this app on my ipad and iphone, it's pretty good on the iphone but it's darned good on the ipad. hopefully they will develop more features on both over time as it's still not a total replacement for the web browser version.
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
it is very easy to use. the app may not have the power or flexibility of the web client, or pc installed application, but it works well and is very easy to use.
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
catastrophique. les à nouveaux n1 ne peuvent pas etre saisis si on a commencé la saisie n. obligé de tout effacer et de tout ressaisir. la date de cloture n’est pas modifiable en cours d’exercice. obligé de tout ressaisir. donc je passe à autre chose.
. great app, love throwing away receipts just take a picture of the expense, document it, and bam, you're done.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
session expired loop. every time i log in i get a session expired message and logs me out. app is not usable.
best invoice app. easy to use quickly paid
how to raise downloads by 10 times?. how to raise downloads by 10 times? service, daily installs can reach 3000+. ping me at skype& whatsapp:+8615282351612 facebook:aso888. every one can get a test promotion for 3 days now!
. app crashes every time i try to go into banking section. have kept giving it a go over last 12 months as desktoponline versions are brilliant but mobile version still crashes
qb app !!!. love the app ! now with the new update i can log in with touch id :))) how fan, and saving much time.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
. as a selfemployed individual, you get no support. do not buy. wasted over two hours on the phone with various customer service reps and was informed that you get online support. lost three weeks of work in few mins. they won't even give me refund. wish i can give negative stars!!!
. love the app because i have access to my business accounting any where
awsome software. that is a great app but still far away from the desktop program .... limited access for a lot futures it's ok but not wow for the yearly cost
crap. this app is a piece of crap my dad got it on our computer.when u scroll it goes the opposite way and there is also a bunch of other crap. i would. it recommend getting this
does what it needs to do. it does everything i need it to do. wished it had the pin code like the ios version.
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
easy to use. easy access to all key features and very responsive app
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
. can't connect my bank account. please fix this error. i have to manually put my expenses in the app because when i try connecting my bank account i always get a pop up saying an error occurred.
. very efficient and works great on my tablet.
excellent app. i cannot tell you how much time i'm saving now. i wish i had changed to online years ago.
bad update. last update renders the app useless
muy útil. la app es excelente, súper útil!! pero estoy pensando en dejar de usarla por que es demasiado costosa.
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
. great software. made my life much much easier!
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
horrible photo receipt capture function. the recent update apparently changed the algorithm for identifying receipt paper boundary in a photo that makes no sense at all. two out of three times it only capture a useless fragment of the whole receipt which the makes entering receipts a horrible and utterly frustrating experience.
. really useful in daily tracking
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
app freezes. since updating my iphone to 13.0 the quickbooks app freezes once it opens. at this point it is completely useless.
so easy!. this made things so much easier. my clients are happy with the line itemization. detailed descriptions. doesn't get much better than this.
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
many bugs. need to fix bugs that cause the app to not follow the regular online access. employees can see things they shouldn't (like business income) and are unable to do things they should like entering customer info and invoices.
making my job easier. more than i expected and easy to use
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
. great way to keep track of expenses for the business.
review. everything is great but the inability to create packing slips from the app. kind of a key part of doing business...
good idea. i love the concept but i've had to reenter several expenses up to three times to get quickbooks to except them in and that's rather annoying.
great app!. this app makes it so much easier to manage your quickbooks online account from the road or the office or anywhere!
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
won’t load in ios 13. need an update. ios 13 crashes. won’t load.
. very user friendly
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
sad. please bring back the mobile app. the online needs improvements. going back to spreadsheets thank you qb.
. great program for keeping track of your expenses and income.
. this app really needs the ability to add delayed charge. how else is a user supposed to log billable time spent in the field?
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
qbo app. luv the new dashboard!! excellent app. no complaints.
great but needs some updates. just recently i am unable to log in to my company. i can get on to my online account, but not on the app?? says my email and password isn’t found?
. updated app and its crashed. keeps telling me an update is available, click ok and google play just says open ?? i've literally just bought a subscription and already in the bit of free time i have, i cant even set the app up ??
simplicity. this app has only gotten better and better with each update.
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
. app is crashing as soon as it starts... 🙄
projectivity. great app for my consulting business. once you enter your data quick books can show you a picture of what your business looks like; where your money is coming in by customer. instantly produces reports, reminds you if you have invoices overdue and can be linked to your bank. what more would a small business want? i love this bookkeeping program. :)
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
best app. amazing!
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
app not working on iphone. i’ve been trying to install the app on my iphone (6s) with the current version of ios for the past couple of months. the app downloads and installs. when i tap the app to open it, the screen briefly shows the intuit quickbooks logo and then closes. i called support but the told me to go to apple. the ability to use the app to capture receipts etc was a big draw to using quickbooks online. very disappointed.
. quickbooks allows me to be able to manage my business while i'm at my computer, or while i'm on the road. the analytics allow me to see the highs and lows of my business and it allows me to see my biggest expenses search that i can mitigate if necessary
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
don't make me log in repeatedly. it's an app.. ux execution for this company is repeatedly abysmal. i have an account. i download the app. i activate thumbprint authentication. and they repeated log me out and have me sign in again as though i'm a new user to a web site. this kind of crap ux plagues this app in the most annoying spots.
it's very nice app. nice aap, now i can mange company whole activity
so far. i like the app, the only problem is i can't add my income i can't figure out how on my android please help, so i can give it 5 stars
some good points. some frustrating points too. stop logging me out for one. taken a while to get my head around it, invoicing seems to be quite easy now. i'm not impressed that i can't do my payroll from this app, that's frustrating.
great and makes things easier. the best thing about quick books is that they have unlimited live customer service to help guide and assist you. that's a real plus to me.
app stopped loading after ios update. please fix
bad update. used to work good until last update now when i open the app is says downloading company data, gets stuck there for ages. if it finally loads, there are no customer invoices, just payments. tried deleting the app and reinstalling but does the same thing. the pc app works fine and my employees have samsung phones and they haven't complained of any issues may just be an iphone app problem.
easy. i don't like accounting whatsoever however quickbooks online is so easy to use and does so much more than keeping the books up to date.
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
can't update credit card. i don't have access to a computer with chrome, they don't support ie 8 anymore so i can't update my credit card. so i download the app to see that my account is suspended due to wrong expiration date on my credit card but you can't update in the app. this blows and is useless
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
. app is pretty much useless. pointless to have an app when i have to enter my transactions on a desktop anyway. i want general journal entries in the app (or ya know, a better way to enter my daily sales info) or my damn money back!
. simple. efficient.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
horrible ever since update!!. this last update completely ruined the app.
easy and convenient. i own a construction business, and have grown very fond of this app. it's really convenient to use the app to maintain our books on the go. my husband and i wear many hats in our business. our time is precious, but quickbooks online helps free up some of that time with its ease of use.
. please add support for whattsup business app
quickbooks  issues and problems. i thought this may be reputable like the brand. boy am i surprised. can't even call to get proper support. they think that a 48 hours turnaround on a request is acceptable these days...for your important accounting software. give others a look first, this online version is lacking what the desktop has.
business owner. very good app ,thank you
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
. love using app
. i like the app, but i can't view all of the vendor bills and payments on the mobile app. i've tried multiple android and ios devices and just can't see the vendor bills and payments. i can see them online, but it would be nice to be able to view them in the app as well.
disappointed. do not download this app. i'm sorry i did. extremely flawed.
life saver. i would not know what to do without this app! yeah i would have to fight through receipts every month to balance month end report. with the app i just input the info when i make the purchase and it makes it so much easier. recommend the app 110%.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
. a sham of a company, that don't care if your data goes missing, or you have to waste hours of your life rebuilding expenses and mileage data from other sources. the app isn't reliable, doesn't integrate with your other accounting and it's difficult to use. steer clear.
. hi team kindly add digital signature...only this 1 thing is missing in this app...overall best experience with you
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
paypal integration very poor. quickbooks say it integrates with paypal and automatically downloads transactions. well, it does partly, but doesn't download into expenses the transaction fees with paypal here, meaning you have to do it manually. it will do it for an online purchase to the same account so why it doesn't work properly is a complete mystery and one support do not help with.
very handy little app. as said in other reviews it is a little different from the computer version but it is such an easy way for me to do my invoices on the go! it's all set to go and it tracks all of my invoices and sends me reminds of unpaid one too! great little helper!
quickbook. on trial will notify later
using new app for a week more problems longer i use it. really unhappy  i am missing data and receiving error messages and my only option for assistance is to use a form. am completely disappointed in quickbooks. limited functionality! come on intuit can't do any better than this and keep up with the times i have to use a computer or laptop to get full functionality?!
fantastic app. allencompassing and very user friendly
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
. can't make a payment no options anywhere need to get invoice done
victoria. love this.
cis transactions. cannot carry out cis transactions in the app for some reason, you have to use the web version. this is really annoying and somewhat inconvenient. other than that, a great app....
. this has to be the worst app going zero customer support constantly lied too been trying for 3 weeks to send an invoice and they don't care as long as you keep paying absolute rip off...not far from being a scam spoke to managers about problems and still nothing done do don't waste your time or money...try any other program or stick to pen and paper far better and less stressful
a changing life app. i’m new to the u.s and this app helps a lot to get organized. just love it.
app glitch. other than the recent app glitch all is good.
bank sync. errors while synching bank accounts for matching invoices. this is a basic function and not sure why they cant fix it. account shows as not deposited though its in bank. please fix this.
no major complaints thus far. pretty convenient to do on the phone. i guess it's worth the subscription fee.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
stay well away!. worst software i have used to date. zero customer service. ignores all complaints. takes forever to load. constant problems. not user friendly.
. simple and very efficient! send invoices ..receipts taxes. everything in one place! love it!
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
. consistently slow and glitchy. slightly better than the computer program, but still not the most user friendly.
user. good app but needs more features
le hacen falta mas herramientas. le hacen falta mas herramientas.
. will not honor my subscription. extremely unhelpful support, giving me the run around. 1 week into paying, still no use of the app, and they will not help!
must have for moble businesses. saves me time on each service call by pre setting all customers and inventory. i no longer have stacks of written invoices and receipts to file. keeps track of all my taxes owed for sales. reminds you of unpaid invoices.
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
horrible. it’s true the only reason i will install qb on my phone is to record expense on the fly,and it doesn’t do it
. great app, so easy to use
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
. i have trouble logging in the app won't let me it keeps saying my password is incorrect and i've reset it so many times and nothing works.
great. i wish i would've used qb a lot sooner. life would've been much easier
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
they do not fix bugs at all.. constant new annoying bugs that have been around for years now. i have written multiple times to help make them aware, now i have been writing complaints and still no fixes. am literally logging into the app every single time i open it. i have to use this app for my work. no choice. but if you have a choice then you should choose literally any other app. this company is terrible.
. so far keeps my books together and have no problems with using it!
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
weak weak app. this app is very basic. can't even view multiple accounts without logging out and logging back in. terrible
. i though it would be difficult. once it's set up, it's a breeze. the importing of bank transactions really makes things easier.
. love my quickbooks online, but this app lacks the one feature i need. i'm an attorney and want to be able to add single time activities. it's often when i am out and about that i need to capture some time, and this app would make all the difference.
completely useless for me. i need to receive payment by invoice number like i can do on the desktop and web version. this doesn't allow for that. useless.
love it. makes accounting and payroll and taxes and everything a complete nobrainer.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
. keeps closing and telling me to report an error but closies before i can click on the link to repoet the error!
. very easy to use. i was put onto this by my accountant and i am so glad she did . if i can do it, anyone can.
. it's nice to have access to qbo account if computer is not available. 4 star due to some functions available thru online but not in the app. i am a qboa user and a pro advisor.
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
. great app. i use it daily .
. very good program, other than the price has went up 3 times this year.........getting expensive.......started at $12 a month and now at $25
can’t enter bills. totally useless
owner. we own a hvac business. this software is awesome.
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
. used to work perfect ever since update it's very unreliable. can't log into app reliably. it often locks me out right when i'm standing in a customer's house trying to invoice them or locks me out when i need to go through my client list for a phone number etc. i suggest you consider competitors software until the app becomes stable again.
love quickbooks. this is the best accounting software there is. quickbooks makes my life so much easier and running my business is so much smoother with the available accounting options!
basic app. app functions are extremely limited, and i can't use qb web on any browser on ios devices (ipadipad pro 12.9iphone 7plus) as all browsers including safari, chrome and dolphin run in zoomed mode when want to enter invoice, payments, receipts and bills or even check reports and make unusable.
. this is not the full quick book experince togo, maybe if you only sell 5 products and dont need to go through and verify invoices. for me this is usless, full features or no go.
awesome!!. i was a total accounting newbie. firstly qbo is awesome and then this app is awesome. so convenient. best way to manage your small business finances when coupled with qbo.
just too expensive.... i run a small business and can't afford the monthly dues of qbo. hoping they come up with a more competitive product at some point...
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) the hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. please fix.
logo. this is a great mobile app but i wish you could put your own logo on the invoices.
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
please add a vital function. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. adding bank deposits etc. surely it's time to add this to the app. for me it's unusable
. best app ever!!!!!!
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
qbo for mobile is fantastic!!!. i love being able to invoice a client on the go with my mobile phone. so convenient.
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
. best app
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
. not functioning as many have stated to be having the same issue unable to view customers invoices ect on the home screen obviously a common major issue need a fixing
. very convenient for recording expenses on the go
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
. love this app. easy to work with
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
. really frustrated, do not buy this app through google, once you setup you account through good you can not upgrade you account or transfer it to a regular subscription. so i'm just stuck with what i have....
needs more. works good but simple
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wated almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
easy to use, innovative and mobile friendly. we have been using qb at australiance.com for almost a year and i would not go back to my previous accounting software. the interface with paypal works well and save heaps of time for our online sales. it s easy to create expenses (e.g. business lunches etc), quotes or invoices on the go with the app + always know your bank account position as it interfaces directly with it.
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
updated review. try going to help & feedback and click refresh data. this may solve the receipts not savingsyncing on mobile issue and for touch id and pin sign on, go to settings and switch to on. not sure if the setting stays on once you actually shut down the app.
. good apps
app is awesome but works better on iphone than android. love the app however why can't i pull up profit loss statement graphs on my s6? this was extremely simple on my iphone 5. any help?
buggy. try to submit feedback and can’t within the app. they removed the quantity column from invoices and their support is dismissive. this is a big company who price gouges and doesn’t really care about it’s customers.
great app. live this app, makes running a business easy.
. looks really good but not for me as i don't send enough invoices so not worth paying for. if i had more business and earnt more money then it would be perfect. but for someone who does cleaning a couple of times as a week not worth paying. shame there isn't a free version.
. after installing and recovering my account details this app offers me some trial? should be stated somewhere beforehand.
. love my qb app! keeps me organized and ontrack... in real time. my accountant loves that!
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
. won't let me add bank accounts. app is useless.
. user friendly
still needs delayed charges. if you can add delayed charges to the available transactions, it will be perfect.
crashes non stop on ipad. crashes non stop on ipad
great accounting software. perfect for small business owners with less knowledge of the accounting world. very user friendly.
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
can’t paste password. when i try to log in i can’t paste my 32 character password from the clipboard. this is a frequent frustration due to how often i have to log into the quickbooks app combined with my desire to use long, complex passwords that i store in a password safe. please fix this issue asap.
. very convenient app. can manage a lot on my phone when have time and when busy to get to the lap top. highly recommend for small business.
not bad.... would like to be able to use it to cray an invoice and take a credit card payment on the road
. i have had this app for my business for about 1 year. every time i spent the money new transection comes up 2 time . and it's too hard to remove on transection.
we are in love with qbo. hated accounting thru qb before but this year's online version plus the android app made us change our mind ... now we absolutely love it and we can't thank the intuit team enough for creating such friendly qb online version for business. much appreciated, lanareale.com
good presentation. the app does not provide the option of tds in invoice which is provided in pc browser. so a star less from me
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
pretty good. i'm a musician. very convenient for tracking my business. would be even better if it tracked mileage to and from my gigs. then perhaps a report on that too. otherwise, great!
great app. previously used another software but they didn't have an android app so i switched to qb. so happy that intuit is up on new technologies
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
paid for itself in one hour. after a long, frustrating search for a robust but simpletouse accounting platform for my growing fitness business, i came across quickbooks and have been exuberant ever since. my invoices go out on time, expenses go in live, and it even tracks my inventory. paid for itself in the first hour. highly recommend.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
"locks, freezes, and won't sync. updated last week and haven't been able to use it since. i've reinstalled, cleared cache, resynced data... nothing. qb customer service ""can't see any issues with my login"" so who knows ? ive been reduced to entering all my invoices from my computer at home (defeats the purpose of the app doesn't it?). until they fix this update, don't download it."
great for in the field. its awesome to have the ability to invoice the customer right when the job is done so i don't forget later. easy to use and love that no matter what device i use they all link.
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
not free. wish there was an app like this for free the soon i started free trial next step was if i wanted 3months and pay or have a small discount and still pay :
great app!!. this app helps me stay connected to my office while being out on jobsites. i can check customer invoices from previous jobs to see what process was done. great app.
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
making our life much easier. this has made running 2 small companies so much easier. the product was recommended by our accountant and has made our accounting faster, simpler and hassle free. highly recommended.
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
. update has not fixed this issue! why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
perfect. for what i need this application is absolutely perfect. saves a lot of messing around creating an invoice in word and then sending it ... great app !!
accept button doesn’t work.. love the app however this latest update the accept button doesn’t seem to work so you can’t accept the new line items from your bank feed.
. the app sucks really bad, it's full of continuous bugs and it is unstable, every time you try to add attachments to expenses the app freezes does not save and shut down, find another solution because it's sad.
awesome. love it , great app.
a solid program. i like the idea of this application being online because many of my accounts can be updated asap.
horrible. constant crashes at the worst of times!!! aarrrggghhhh!
so easy!. this made things so much easier. my clients are happy with the line itemization. detailed descriptions. doesn't get much better than this.
. there was about to be going to be fight if those people dont get away from my accountant.
worst in india. i install it after that i it not support in india can you suggest me other options for android
great app. dan
quickbooks phone app. so easy i can’t believe it.
. use to like this app a lot but now it's been very glitchy and can't even enter anything into quickbooks.
. i don't know why i didn't get this sooner very easy and i love that i can track my expenses and do my invoicing on the go.
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
pres. good product except for email. if you email invoice and customer does not receive because of their sever being down, you never get notified. this can be a real problem because you do not find out until the customer is past due on the invoice..
simplicity. great app for those with a mobile office who can sort paperwork instantly!
. i hopeing to get my 60 trial
too many errors to count. i’ve been using mint for years and love it. this software on the other hand is terrible. save yourself the frustration and use anything else.
love the software. understanding that all software are more friendly on the actual computer than in the cell app, even though, the cell app is very helpful for invoices, estimates, reminders for payments “on the go” just to mention a couple of them. being an 8 years user from checkmark multiledger and payroll and making the transition to quickbooks is just a huge step forward and very efficient for my firm.
. it would be good to be able to save pdf receipts downloaded to my mobile straight onto the app. all i can do just now is take a screenshot.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
love it. makes life so much easier
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
". ""quickbooks online"" could stand to take a number of lessons from ""apple computers"" regards to customer support. anybody can tell you that making the transition from quickbooks desktop to quickbooks online is extremely difficult process. what makes it even more difficult is the poor level of customer support, starting with communication barriers. there is a whole sect of business professionals that are unwilling to make the transition because of the learning curve and poor customer service."
. i have been using this app for years to run my small construction company. i have never had major issues.
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
useless out in the field can't work off line. useless out in the field can't work off line and constantly wants you to refresh data. does not support star portable printers. waist of space on cell phone gave it a second try useless creating a invoice have to use search window to find items. had to go use desktop instead of my ipad pro because would of took all night to do a invoice.
. i love this app, it allows me to work from my cell, ipad and laptop.
". latest update to my pixel made the app very laggy, and the ""feedback"" popup appeared again after i submitted it the first time! however, rebooting the app seemed to fix."
. update 2020: since the last 2 updates, the app is broken now and does not work at all. can't log in, and just get a 'device appears to be offline' message.
. easy to use app. does basic invoicing like it should. i wish i could get more detail for my costs with the online version like i can with the desktop version.
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
consistent. consistently bad. just like the qb for mac was unreliable and terrible, and purposely left that way to push customers over to qb online, this is no different. buggy, unreliable software is about the only thing intuit excels at.
very helpful.. this is a great app for writing invoices on the road, it's been very helpful!
good but needs more functionality. this app works good, but needs more features added. for example, i have to go to a browser and log in there in order to add a deposit manually. i know functionality is being added continuously. so i a hopeful that my review can be a 5 star review in the near future.
most of the buttons don’t work anymore. how could you make something this bad? buttons like accept transfer do not work. if this this was any more of a dog, it would shed. wake up and fix this over priced piece of poop!
. great app
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. the app doesnt refresh my inventory or reports as the update is done via the app or the website
a1. great saves money time talks to my accountant, does estimates, converts to invoice simple
👌🏼. not a bad app
. worst app don't use it. it shows us a very professional look and feel but truth is that it doesn't work in android mobile in india and online version of desktop is totally sucks just because it is very slow. these peoples are making fool of us totally.
. this app has changed the way i do business for the better. i can update invoices, check profit reports, and so much more very easily.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
quickbooks online is a nightmare!. big mistake. if you are considering quickbooks online talk to some bookkeepers first or you may find yourself doing the books because so many of them refuse to work with the online version. once you upload your data to the online version there is no way of downloading the data to go back to regular quickbooks! as for the app, well it's as frustrating as as the online program.
great app. fantastic app
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
crashed when entered a sales transaction. downloaded this app to see if i could use it instead of at a computer and the app crashed as soon as i tried to enter a sales transaction. i tried to enter in the receipt type and it crashed
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting and tracking of actual sales, mrr, and kpis
would be better if i could manage payroll on the app. i would love to be able to do up my company’s payroll on the fly if i’m out on a job site or on a business trip. please fix this
awful. bloody slow!!
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
c'mon man. still won't let you attach items. ...... please fix!
handy app. useful when adding info onsite. can be a little confusing to tell if the data you are working on is current, or needs refreshing.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
great convenient tool in my pocket. easy tool that makes managing my business easy. i love that i can track expenses and receipts by syncing my banks count and snapping pictures with my cell phone. super convenient features that recognize future transactions and automatically categorizes them. the only downfall thus far, is that it keeps crashing! please fix it so it can be five stars instead of 4.
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
lowered rating. gave it 4 stars last year. since then it is completely unreliable and almost useless.
. like a bookeeper without the paycheck expense
. contractor version of the app
how can a customer approve an estimate??. why do you have the electronic signature function available for the ipad and not android?? it defeats the purpose of having a tablet on the job site. i may as well stick with my 3 part form.
solved my invoicing problems. now i can invoice quickly from anywhere. then track and record payments. very simple yet powerful. love the mobility.
sage. there are far too many bugs for my business to depend on this. what is really more important than dependability in book keeping software? besides there are very limited features to begin with.
mileage is a joke. i upgraded to this account from the self employed version and the mileage is a joke. i thought the self employed was horrible. it completely missed a whole day of travel and cut’s off trips in the middle of traveling. or cuts the trips starting and ending if it even records the visit.
owner. great mobile app, keeps my company on the move!
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
great app. easy to use
. very easy to use on any device at any time. customer support is on it quickly when you contact them.
". the app failed to associate my quickbooks online account with the app at login. ""it seems like you have an account with intuit but no quickbooks online company associated with : my@email would you like to create a company?"" additionally, when trying to troubleshoot this issue, i was given the run around through all services... from faqs, to online support, to calling directly. issue still unresolved."
. great accounts software, easy to use and pricing is best in the market. previously used myob and will never go back.
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
app not working on iphone. i’ve been trying to install the app on my iphone (6s) with the current version of ios for the past couple of months. the app downloads and installs. when i tap the app to open it, the screen briefly shows the intuit quickbooks logo and then closes. i called support but the told me to go to apple. the ability to use the app to capture receipts etc was a big draw to using quickbooks online. very disappointed.
awesome.. would be 5 star if we had a shipping address on mobile version. i love this app make my life so easy. thank you.
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
thanks qbo. i have upgrade to plus but my note3 can't review bills & purchase order. pls advise.
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
we are using this with the construction side of our business and so far the customer service has been wonderful. there are things missing or not working but customer service had said they are working on getting them added or fixed. makes it really easy for our employees in the field to create invoices and send them to clients as well as receive payments. will change to five stars when missing components are added.
. 1 star : i have been inundated with advertisements are so much i went ahead and download it it just so that i could give it a review. hopefully they will not continue to bug me with youtube videos and all these unimportant advertisements i didn't ask for in the first place.
. quick books is best app for my growing business.
missing functionality  registers updated. the app itself is pretty clean and easy to use. however it is missing some important functionality, namely registers. there is no access to your bank or credit card registers, or to check their respective balances... for a financial application, this is a major missing piece. here's hoping this will be added soon. update: this has been fixed. now waiting for making deposits...
. i can see my subscription for months. click to manage subscription and i am told i have none. haven't used thus app but have been paying for months. help
. it's a great app for any business. easy to use and your data could be accessed any where you are.
make thing simple. we work away from the office all the time. q on the smart phone makes that easy. and it has never locked any of phones up. it work great.
useless keeps crashing.. totally useless, cannot open as it keeps crashing, one of the key reasons of subscribing to online quickbooks will be cancelling tomorrow and going elsewhere.
. super easy to create sales receipts and track sales and taxes. i love the option to include sales tax. i'm sure there are many other useful features that i'm not currently taking advantage of. thank you for this app!
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
. quickbooks online is reporting an error everytime i try to log on. cannot sync data. reported multiple time. it has not been fixed
"brilliant!!!!. works like a dream with qb online. i can finish a job and then send the invoice from my phone (whilst sitting at home drinking a cuppa!). just include ""totals"" for estimates and sales invoices please!"
great app. need security code.. the app has lot of confidential data. please add security code to open the app, similar to quicken.
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
amazing app. i love this app makes everything easier for me and faster. this app is amazing i just love it!
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
newest update. loved the app until the newest update. now for some reason i can no longer receive payments from my phone. which is very frustrating. i have closed out the app, restarted my phone and still can't do it.
. great app use it to submit all quotes and review estimates
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. something has changed. lately i've been having a lot of glitches. everytime i try so save an invoice, it doesn't go back to the preview. therefore i wind up pushing the save button more than once which duplicate the invoice.
easy. real good, compatible with my metro phone.
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
. es un excelente programa, pero no encuentro opción para idioma español, está disponible en español la versión mobil ?
. loving using this software, helping me heaps
. this software is extremely easy to use and worth the subscription. i started my business last october and i have no interest in switching. cheers apollo butler c.e.oowner of hornet waste management.
limited compared to quickbooks desktop. quickbooks online is just ok. it has some limits that did not exist in the desktop version. a lot of them have to do with assisted payroll. for example, the app does not tell you each pay period how much of a contribution to pay towards simple ira's and give you a chance to indicate whether they were paid. it just assumes it was done without giving you any notice. other limitations make it just ok.
. clean and intuitive great app for in the field estimates, this is probably my favorite feature. payment entries for cash payments is handy onsite as well.
. app doesnt start until i hit link 4 ot 5 times
unable to access quickbooks through ipad. everytime time i try to access the quickbooks it says i need to verify first my login which can be verified by sending an email. when i choose this option it says the time has ran out and goes back to the login menu. i am able to get in through the web but never in the app
excellent. j ai fait l essai d un mois et je suis conquis ! très bonne application très complète et simple à customiser  la fonction liée au comptes est aussi très pratique m évite de recopier toutes mes dépenses à la main
description is misleading. there is no way to enter or see expenses in this app and of course no way to attach receipt pictures to these expenses. you can enter expenses using computer and attach picture of receipt there, but not in this app. if you need a plug in to do that, why not to say so? or just remove missing components from description.
. i haven't been able to use this app for a really long time, all the sudden it doesn't save my login details anymore, hard to login, once i logged in and try to go next step, it logged me out and says tempary not available. super annoying!!
best app ever. thank you quickbooks making everything simple
time tracking. i can create an estimate on the go and keep track of my time in a job.
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
great app. makes life easy. one addition will make it perfect. add journal entry to the app.
efficient. does all the work, and reminds me to collect on overdue invoices. i love it! not very expensive either!
not free : pricing hard to find. i'm a business person, not a gambler. a bit dodgy that pricing is only given after setup. like playing 3 card monty in an ally, not impressed.
very good for my small business needs. having used the full desktop version for 10+ years. the mobile version has been great,won't do everything the full version does. but suits my needs. and i'm still learning all its functions,but happy so far.
. sometimes glitchy. some days it works some days it doesnt but overall worth ther money becasue the website always works
unreliable. seems to have several issues when using apple products. macipad or phone.
excellent app for small business owners!. has helped my business tremendously and makes us more efficient even on the go! love it!
found a problem. when creating an invoice adding parts even if you search when you go back to it to add another part it’s still in that same form from before and if you cancel nothing happens you would have to search for whatever else you want by name, you can’t just scroll please fix
keep logging me out. after the update the application keeps logging me out every single time please fix that, used to do it with the previous update before this last one, you guys fixed it, but with this new update is doing it again
"brilliant!!!!. works like a dream with qb online. i can finish a job and then send the invoice from my phone (whilst sitting at home drinking a cuppa!). just include ""totals"" for estimates and sales invoices please!"
easy iphone app. i like it, it’s easy enough to navigate on my iphone. you cannot do everything that you can do on the computer but it takes care of most business.
frustrating. decided to go with qb to simplify my accounts and let me do them incrementally through the month. very disappointed that sync works intermittently and leaves gaps. may be returning to paper is it isn’t sorted soon
smooth app. love it and would never switch.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
crashes. app crashes every time i'm using a lg g5 emailed support for help 3 weeks ago no response.sent response never heard back.
awesome app. simple, clean. just need the banking feed for the android in canada please!
great for start ups. i am wanting to know if it has been considered for users to use their finger print as an option other than the password to sign in on the app?
horrible. crashes every time. horrible customer service. move on to another app.
game changer. changed the way i handle my business transactions. from a simple to complex my invoices and estimates are presentable, traceable and accounted for. my reports help me secure loans in a flash. and my accountant loves me.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
no way to categorize transactions. no way to access bankcredit card accounts to categorize transactions. what's the point of having the profitloss tab if that's the case??
keeps getting more user friendly!. the new video tutorials make it easy to learn. the portability of switching between the mobile app and the desktop version online is a priceless feature, thanks for all of your hard work!
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
. the service online is terrific. the app errors anytime i try to update from my smartphone for over a month now. support is unresponsive via email.
. great app i love it
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
still unresolved issues 3 month later. i’ve had quickbooks for over 3 month now and since i’ve had it i have been unable to allocate my bank transactions on my app. i’ve flagged this to quickbooks and had responses but no fix. keep being told to use desktop version for now! 3 months and still not fixed isn’t good enough for a payed for app.
. superb app for accountibility, better than tally
. would be nice to be able to record deposits through the app. the whole reason i have this app is so i don't have to go onto a pc. also, an option for digital payment, ie paypal venmo etc.
wow. not ready for prime time. i don't think this has followed through on a single promise it is horribly clunky at importing bank transactions  count on spending hours recategorizing every single transaction you made honestly. it's barely better than a spreadsheet for the price
. awesome app
nice app..... doesn't function like the website
. why does it keep saying that there is technical difficulties in using the app? even before prior update, it had this issue. no issue with the ios app though
sweet baby jesus this is exactly what i need. it has never been so easy to stay so financially organized. as someone who os chronically disorganized this app is a blessing. definitely worth the price when you need to record your expenses and write receipts, invoices and all sorts of other business related things to be professional.
only problem. i have a few problems the app is very slow when editing email address in the send invoice i don’t see a few things that i’d like  discounts for example no way to customize message to different customers most of this is pretty minor biggest issue is reconciliation of books at end of year
quickbooks. really hard to get online started i'll write another review when i get it started
. great for invoices on the go! for small business.
easy. it could be a little bit easy to use.... invoices could be customized to add options like hours....
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
great app. 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻😊😊
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
very disappointed. i'm very disappointed because i have been unable to login on with my iphone or macbook pro. i tried to get help through customer service but all i got was a link. very disappointed!!
keeps me on track. i'm so happy with qb. makes estimates, invoices and takes payment. that's what's most important to me. haven't used it to pay my bills yet. i'll explore it later. wish i could set alarms to do estimate followup. would be so helpful
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
. it has been 6 days and i still have not had my money deposited to my bank. oh and it is the day before thanksgiving. this is complete bs. negative stars. i need my money now. you guys should be embarrassed... 6 days and still not deposited. your customer service center lied to me and said it would be there...
if you don’t use quickbooks you’re probably wasting a lot of time.. i find the day to day management of my business much easier and less time consuming since i started using quick books. as with everything, it isn’t perfect. i would like to see more features on the mobile app. that being said, i only use the app and it works well for me. customer service is excellent. they strive to resolve any issue you throw at them. i would highly recommend!
doesn't have a bank option. they could do much better though it's good
. app is crashing on login. i cannot access my business now.
. i use this it's very useful and cost effective
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
horrible horrible app. this new version is terrible! it will not save invoices for payments when i apply them, but then when i log in to the desktop version there's duplicate and triplicate payments.
. the app makes use in the field easy.
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
. app doesn't open anymore
very useful mobile app. i don't expect my mobile version (android) to replace my desktop version. for checking customer balances, emailing invoices, and receiving payments it's a perfectly useful app. quick and easy access to invoices, customer balances, expenses, customer info, p&l and balance sheet. i'm not running or expecting more sophisticated reports from my phone! works great for what i need!
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
needs a lot of work. very disappointing they removed card payment facility, only reason i went with quickbooks over xero. also don't try and do anything within app or your accounts will get into a right mess (things like match a payment or transfer) you will end up with duplicate transactions that can only be deleted by logging into web client. upsetting the company that all those years ago changed the industry (and took on sage) have failed so badly.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
lots of shortcomings. qo is great and this app is ok. too bad so many features are missing
app crashes. since the recent update i can't get past the login page before the app crashes. makes doing work harder. what's next?
. great program for everyday needs of running our landscaping business
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
total train wreck. importing data from bank has been a disaster. deposits into my bank accounts are showing up in quickbooks as expenses. my books are now impossible to balance.
. great app
. great app. could do with some improvements which i'm sure will happen. my biggest problem is you can't update your banking transactions through the app, you have to use the website. if you click refresh, nothing ever happens. it's annoying to have to go to the website.
returning to qb. uk staff still rude and unhelpful.
. simple and professional.
. awesome intuit continues to improve the app. i feel like i get more for my money.
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile i am a paid version user and i am pc login all options are work properly but mobile apps issue i have made complete 4 tims in call center but agent ask me team work this issue
amazing product. great product for a small company. combining quickbooks online with the phone app is a great tool. being able to look up customers, create invoices, email invoices anywhere you want. i am also excited to be able to pair qb online payment with this also. all in all it's a great product for a great price so many things you can do with it.
amazing. but how do i change the currency? i need to use kenya shillings. i also can't see a trial balance
. the app is unusable and highly inferior to the web interface. when you create an invoice, it always defaults to retail invoice without the facility to change to tax invoice, so i'm forced to use the web interface for invoicing. suppliers activity always shows a blank page so again need web interface to view suppliers balance, expenses etc. can't you people make a decent app ?
great work!. the app works great and is a very useful tool for on the go business matters. i have not yet figured out how to add single time activities on the app ... not sure this feature is available. but other then that it's great!
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
tricked. had to provide all my email and phone information before being told it was a free trial, felt tricked, if you want to save money doing your books you don't want to pay for an app to help you, just learn to do it yourself for free
great product. excellent product great interface between apple and microsoft . stream line business as efficiency.
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
it’s 2018. it’s 2018 and still no turbotax integration or automated receipt scanning integration. you still have to manually enter all of the receipt data. if this is about “streamlining” small business time then make things streamlined. no new advances or major improvements in the past 2 years. im in the market for a new system.
easy. easy to use, and has all the features i need to run my lawn care business. i recommend it to everyone. my only issue was getting my subscription paid for. i worked it out by calling customer service and they were awesome.
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
awesome app. feature rich and also user friendly
logo. this is a great mobile app but i wish you could put your own logo on the invoices.
. nothing ever works on the app can't create invoicescant add products it's useless
. great with invoices and estimates on the go. and i can see our sales dashboard wherever we go.
improving but still a long way to go. like the new dashboard, but need ability to set ytd totals, more report options, does not show all my bank accounts. needs to be more customizable. app does not replace the website version, which is still needed to do any real work. best feature is the easy way it handles the bank feeds.
disappointed. downloaded this app so i could buy the payroll feature for my new company but it crashes immediately upon opening.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
crashes. crashes during loading on ios 9. won't make it past log in screen. qb should have been prepared for the new ios release.
this app helps me stay connected to my company finances at all times..
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
generally does not work. if they generally updated everything they might needful go back a step or two. won't even open on the ipad anymore. crashes immediately.
well thought out. truly like the app now. i can import names from my iphone and do many of the things i can do on a main computer. i’d like to see them allow the entering of bills on the app. i’d use that all the time.
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
very convenient. it keeps program updated and very handy to access on all platforms
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
. was working ok then app was updated,. help centre can't give time to fix or troubleshoot to be able to use this whilst out on jobsites not happy at all costing money
love😻this app. must have for small business owners.. or even for personal use. don't know what i'd do with out it. been using for 3 years now😊
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
. was working awesome until last update. now won't log in. just has that loading thing come up forever
. great software and service for small companies
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
comments. there is no printing options for mobile printing. we have tu use other app, to print invoices. poor in reports not friendly to do invoices
perfect. i can't speak for large business but for a small business like mine this app is almost perfect. the only thing i need added is a milage manager for vehicle use. i love it, my tax guy loves it, what else could you ask for.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
hard to navigate. hard to navigate
great invoicing app. works great for invoicing needs.
i can’t do payroll from the app. it works great and is much improved from the original versions but i do not have a desktoplaptop pc........ only ipads and android phones and the apps limits my access way to much i currently use the chrome browser but it’s horrible only part of the screen is visible on the ipad some save buttons can not be accessed thanks for your help
. app is so slow and doesn't have the functionality of the full web version making it pretty useless
. great app
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
please fix this asap!!!!. this update is horrible and does not work properly at all! data doesn't refresh and i keep getting error messages. the only (very temporary) fix is to delete the app and redownload it  daily! lame! this must be addressed immediately.
great app. best software for small business, better priced than other software on the market.
almost great. this app would be better if it had a little more functionality. i would love to be able to upload photos to invoices or even send an invoice from the app. i find myself not really using the app very much because it does not have full functionality. it would be nice if qb could mirror their web based app.
. the app is not updating on my phone
brian peterson remodel. great app. wish i could attach pictures to estimates and invoices using my mobile app.
a handy little companion but it wont replace the website. a number of features from the web portal are missing such as matching bank transactions but its ok to use simply to check your chart of accounts and to record expenses.
horrible update!. wow this latest update has messed everything up quickbooks was finally working good please fix! some of the words don't even fit correctly on the screen its all mixed together! and worst of all like others have said it no longer knows my clients email address i have to manually input!
i love it!. best app to use if you are constantly on the go.
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
. horrible. difficulty in getting customer service rep. when asked to speak to a manager she continued to argue. not easy to speak to a rep. i signed in and went thru steps to set up quick books it didn't like my information to deposit money. horrible and don't advise wasting money. sat on hold for a manager for an extremely long time more than 15 minutes.
. very good app. make invoices in a snap.
. i am doing my husband's billing for his company, since it was taking so much of his time. since this not my 'real' job, this app makes it easy do billing and record payments from any device at any time. thank you!
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
. love it! the invoice screen isn't super userfriendly, but everything else is great so far.
. have not upgraded since 2006, this app is great. i am not tied to the office for alot of tasks that used to only be done in the evening.
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
good resource. i will update this as i see necessary, haven't made a customer service call yet. but overall the navigation is something to get used to because it's very in depth and many details that you would expect are included with the software.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
banking synchronisation. the level of failure is becoming unacceptable. every update from quickbooks results in failure. then there are the occasions when the bank upgrade and qb does not. we rely on you to make it work seamlessly and always.
shwetha. super app
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
don't believe the hype. this app is practically worthless. all important actions require you to be on the website. i need to be able to invoice, payroll, and do taxes from the app as i am hardly with my computer.
. love it kindly introduce an app for the managers too. which shows reports.
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
crashes on ios13. crashes on login as others have noted. unusable now.
. i love this app. i absolutely love it.
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
crashes on launch. latest os installed, the app crashes when i try to open it. hope a fix comes soon!
. great app
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
. installed. was so excited. doesnt connect to server. period. useless. rather use simple invoicing
. convenient app works great
. like the app. interface is great. would like to see an charge option for customers, so i can tally up customer's account over the course of a month and bill at the end for my lawn care business.
qb app no good!!!. quickbook online is fine where as the app has only limited features!!!
sweet app!. love the app for keeping track of my ar.
improve inventory management. very good software quickbook .. we are the manufacturer and we want to manage inventory of the raw material also ... when we sell a product then the raw material should be automatically deducted... otherwise very good sofware
. i have tried to cancel my subscription yet i have just checked my credit card statement and the subscription is still being taken. please stop this. i wish to cancel. i have followed the instructions and i am still paying for some reason.
love it!. exactly what our company needed! easy to learn and use. have not encountered a problem yet! love quickbooks!
we need an update for iphone x. we need an update for iphone x. in addition, we need the function to add cc recipient when sending out quotes or invoices. other than those 2 things, it is good.
new version stinks. one of the main reasons i use the app is so that i can pull up my customers entire transaction history when i'm out in the field. the previous version did that beautifully. other problems as well.
. this app works really well. i love that it syncs with web site. i also like being able to take pictures of my receipts and add them to my ledger.
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
broken. for the last two weeks every time i log in it tells me i have no online company.
the best app out there by far. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far. every update includes a very useful useable option. 👌🏽👌🏽
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
hated to give them low rating. was scammed by an indian company 4 years ago and quickbooks didn’t reimburse me so i must give them 1 star until i’m made right.
great app. so easy to use.
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
slow. can be great and convenient but it can also be very slow (just like the online version). won't always let you edit invoices through the app.
great and easy to use. anyone can figure it out! nice, fast, and easy. qbo has been a big upgrade for our company
. my issue has been partially resolved. i would give them 4 stars if the process wasn't so difficult.
poor need lots of work. this app is terrible on the ios and android. i’m using it on both and it has tooo many bugs...
. love this app
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
. kind of a rip off, squares a lot better allows the same things and you don't have to pay a monthly cost. and you don't have to pay for customer support for square. could be for other people just not for me.
. this is my first year using quickbooks. so much easier to track all expenses and sales.
. app is crashing as soon as it starts... 🙄 edit: app is now working, i wish all features of the desktop version were also available on mobile.
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
simple and great on the go!. a simpler version of quick books online, not all the functions are available but it's very user friendly and does what i need!
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
cant login. every time i try to create an account it says this id already exists. no matter which one of my email addresses i use it gives me the same message. then when i reset the password on my main email address the try to log in, it says no account with that id exist. help!!!
. it makes life so much easier and its eady to learn and gain knowledge and experience
latest update is garbage. app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
no backup. i no longer needed the software so cancelled. but, once they stop collecting your money, they destroy your financial records. this then makes it impossible to do your taxes! unless you have a backup or regularly download the records, it will screw you over. i contacted them and they basically said, you lose! canadian law requires them to maintain your records for seven years!
very easy to use, and company responds to queries and requests. i have used this app for 4 months now and find it is constantly improving and great to use
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
please: give us delayed charge already!. a new update, and still no delayed charge feature. how many times do we have to ask? for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
. awesome easy interface for all your accounting and buisness needs.
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
. lacks functionality and still cannot access by bank account to reconcile. cannot recommend this app. avoid.
pretty good. it’s really great but there’s a couple of things you can’t do like work on reoccurring invoices.
very slow. this app is very very slow.. 10 minutes to load , another 10 minutes to load customer screen, and 15 minutes to apply 1 payment
unwanted changes. we pay for the service, yet intuit dictates changes to our invoices that have doubled our paper use as well as anger our customers. you make the changes without any notice or options to do otherwise. nasty, mean dictatorial behavior!
perfect. awesome. best small biz app i've found.
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
great app. just started my own business and having quick books is a lifesaver. easily customized and user friendly. the app saves time since i can maintain my books on the go and my cpa sees the same thing instantly. great app for a service business
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
needs work. this won't stay up to date with online or desktop app and i regularly get error messages. this is frustrating and useless.
does what it says!. i'm a new business start up and this has been a great tool, in my opinion well worth the money.
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
. useless app. not user friendly. waste of money. major disappointment
. great app
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
. dont download this update if your using an lg phone... after update unable to sign in... i get thru the sign in screen then it crashes... pos
love it. i love this app, just doing what i want
i'm trying the app now i have a question. can i acess from a pc too? or is it only for the phone?
login error. upgraded to an s7 and cannot login. i need the mobile app for my business!
everything i need right from my phone. so handy to be able to do estimates, invoices, and record my expenses right from my phone! will save a lot of time with bookkeeping as now i can enter everything on the go.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
ipad app. please update your app to be more like the desktop version...i can not track inventory received through the ipad app i purchased and ipad pro hoping to do away with my laptop and so far its been seamless, except for this app not being able to track inventory received. i hope your developers can figure this out before my 8 year old laptop crashes! thanks
great tool. i love it. simple and reliable.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
not a good app. too many bugs.
awesome program. i am so pleased, quickbooks is so convenient, easy and fun to use with many options that other programs don't have.
don grant mechanical services. commercial. residental ,heating airconditioning , refrigeration, makeup air systems, light plumbing, and electrical
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
easy. great app just what i need as a digital nomad.
. bit slow !!! otherwise i love it...
user role permission not supported. custom user role not supported on ipad. quickbooks recommends you to use online but the invoice interface is “blowout from screen” in chrome and safari and no available signature from customer. its annoying to use it online. this happens, at least, when the user have custom role, just permission for sales for instance.
. useful app. just love it
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
don’t update. ever since last update it crashes when i try to run a credit card. was talking with customer support for an hour and all she could say is i understand. when i asked to speak to a manager the line was disconnected
good app!. i like the app. it let's me run quick books from my phone (gs5) in the field and it runs smoothly. doing estimates on site is great.
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
ne pas acheter. honnêtement j ai rarement vu un support aussi difficile. des bogues, des manques de fonctionnalités, etc. pas au point pour les entreprise...
. it's a good app. it's a little complex compared to others. it's like it's made by accountants for accountants. not made for people who need help with accounting.
crashes since ios13. i can no longer open my quickbooks on my phone since the ios 13 update has been released.
don't work. don't start. when when it does it don't show all of invoices that are enter
great app.. wonderful!
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
. requires some changes. dashboard does not update data.
its coming along well. this program is coming along well and expecting some big things
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
great!. versatile and wonderful app
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
. garbage, won't let you delete your account. it took hours to finally be able to delete email and account, save yourself the hassle and dont download it.
affordable truck repair inc.. great app, makes it very easy for us to keep track of our books.
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
loved it. i am enamoured by the app. makes my business life damn easy
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
waste of time. don't waste your time if you want to access quickbooks on your ipad or tablet. needs a lot more work
so easy!. keeping my books and budget up to date is so simple now. no more hurriedly scratched reminder notes that end up getting lost or having to wait to update my registers. great app!
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
ran into unsupported transactions within 1 minute.. the app is difficult to navigate, bloated and slow, using a ton of wireless data. the app would be much better as multiple singlefunction apps. i mean, do i really need to log in to qb to snap a pic of a receipt and submit it for later? typical quickbooks bad experience. very disappointing.
. love it! i'd love to learn more about how to fully utilize it but it's pretty simple to use. and that very key!
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
horrible photo receipt capture function. the recent update apparently changed the algorithm for identifying receipt paper boundary in a photo that makes no sense at all. two out of three times it only capture a useless fragment of the whole receipt which the makes entering receipts a horrible and utterly frustrating experience.
easy to use. love this app, easy to use.
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
useless  data download errors. the app worked great for the past couple years and now all the sudden it keeps crashing when trying to download my data. i own a mobile business and now i'm having to preplan and print invoices before i show up because the app is useless.
great improvement!. makes entering expenses & invoicing so much easier.
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
. cannot login. uninstalled and now cannot reinstall
. this app is super easy to use. love it. idk how many estamates iv created on the fly and converted them to invoices.
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
. keeps telling me i don't have an online account when, in fact, i do. very frustrating. also, i have sent numerous emails and no one has responded.
comprehensive app for a small business. i have excellent experience and is easy to use with all functionality that i required. have tried xero, myob as well but quickbooks stand out for me as far as feature & function and good value for money.
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
great but needs improvement. app is really great other then one key thing missing. i need access to employees and doing payruns while on the go and be able to enter in employees hours for casuals with ease.
awesome. this app is great and extremely helpful with my small business. it saves a lot of time and work. not only do i find it very resourceful but it's easy to use. customizing my invoices and estimates is probably the best part of the application aside from it allowing me to check my profit and loss. i recommend this app to any user, especially a business owner.
very convenient. nice format for creating estimates and invoicing. although, it is frustrating having the keyboard cover the un scrollable typing field on note 4. you must continuously press the back button to view the text.................i just realized i'm having the same issue typing this review. could be the note 4. hmmmmm
complete garbage. does nothing but give me an error when trying to sign in... fix your crap qb! followed your instructions to uninstall then reinstall.. still does the same thing...
works great. i love the syncing between all my apple devices. since adding the touch id it's more easy access and conduct business.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
. i would rate the app 5 stars if you could trust that the info was accurate. i have, so many times, quoted customers their balance on my route only to discover that it is missing invoices. it appears that this app is virtually worthless as recent invoices are never uploaded to app.
besi. it just makes life easier awesome app
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
yeah. works great, limited on mobile app!
. i'm an owner operator in the trucking industry n i'm new at this so i have one question.witch qb is better for wat i do qb accounting:invoicing n expenses or qb self employed:mileage tracker n taxes
latest update is garbage. update: 1620 still a garbage app even after multiple emails back and forth with quickbooks development team and now it’s been weeks since i heard from them the app still don’t work even after new updates app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
great app. highly recommend this app to anyone with a small business or a business that's on the go. i switched over from quickbooks desktop to quickbooks online and it's way better for me.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
". this app is trash, has me very upset won't let me add a bank account just keeps saying ""hmm connection error"". this is bs i just signed up for this service and won't let me connect your app sucks and most likely will seek a refund. have tried wifi, mobile, what the funk, not quick in my opinion..."
. i've used qb for 8 years. this app is the better and more seamless than the pc version. love the capability to invoice customers on the job, record payments and send a receipt in seconds.
liked it until it stopped working.... it suddenly no longer connects. called quickbooks and they said they don't support the mobile app .... update..contacted developer listed in some of reviews and he got it working...
fire the entire team. worst app. login doesn't work. recovery doesn't work. craptastic adventure
best app for small businesses. i own and operate a small it consulting company and this is the best business management app in the world. i can literally walk into an office or home of a new customer, add their information and invoice them on the spot. no need to mail an invoice and wait days or weeks. not to mention its very inexpensive.
. found a better app for my needs
. user for 2 years, samsung s8, app fails to load now. when it did work, it never showed historical customer transactions. never properly refreshed bank connections oh, you would have to go to the online portal and update first before you could use or see your transactions on this app. i'm pretty fed up at this point with this app, only thing i really wanted to do at this point was use the receipt scanning but i can't even do that now. uninstalled..
. app is amazing everything i need for my company is in the app. really worth it
capable. qbo mobile is quite useful for billing customers on site and checking some basic information.
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 2 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank, calculate the vat! the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
. app looks great.
slow to load and outdated info. the mobile app is pretty much useless, continues to give outdated balances, the only report available is a basic p&l. i need to see a running balance, not just the bottom line which is usually wrong but no way to check! i see many updates but no improvements, only rate increases!
really useful app.. but it would really be so useful if you could print sales receipts directly or even indirectly export as pdf to print on the go via a bluetooth receipt printer.
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
please fix this asap!!!!. this update is horrible and does not work properly at all! data doesn't refresh and i keep getting error messages. the only (very temporary) fix is to delete the app and redownload it  daily! lame! this must be addressed immediately.
. makes life much easier. just had to learn real accounting techniques. provided i can find a mobile signal then the mobile version is a great help.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
. does everything i need it to.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
. great app!!
quickbooks on iphone ios 13 wont open. can you please fix the bug i can’t log in osi 13
. very slow and not convenient as current fast trend requirements....it's waste of money..i really suggest for zoho..very good..very fast ....best service and users convenient...
. love being able to work in quickbooks from my phone! one of the best features is being able to take a picture of your receipt and attach it to your expenses right from your phone. makes your bookkeeping incredibly easy! wonderful customer service, love the payroll, too many good things to say about this app.!
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
horrible ever since update!!. this last update completely ruined the app.
best accounting online software. very useful very easy and flexible
nearly as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
business owner. this app has all the features i need to run a small but quickly growing business. easy to navigate.
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
. does not work its rubbish app
mobile invoice and so much more. great app!.
. would love to be able to access payroll on the app
. explain to me why i cannot screenshot anything any more? i have multiple customers that like to see their over all balance owed but now i can't send them a screenshot anymore. so you update the app to fix things, manage to mess up the one feature that worked best for me and still haven't fixed th spelling on the word supplies (it's literally spelt suppliea). great job!
. i love the app! there are a few updates i'd like to see on the estimates and order entry fields but it's still saves so much time. it really has changed the way i do business. great app and program.
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
desperate for mobile. same as when i tried it in 2012. devoted qb online user, but this app is useless to me. this app may help sales people, but does nothing for management. no banking, no reporting, no transactions.
new user; i love it. i am amazed at what all i can accomplish with my iphone while traveling. best app on my phone.
add missing payroll  keypay. please add missing keypay. thanks
. useless. android app does not support in india
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses. all from my phone
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
. wow. can't even describe how annoyed i am right now. this app is horrible. it wouldn't even allow me to complete the account creation process. i attempted 5 times and no luck, so i'm leaving this review and uninstalling it now. get to work quickbooks, this is disgraceful.
nice app. excellent app
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
. i have this quick books and pay outrageous monthly for the worst service specially the mobile app. have called them so many times but all they care about is to collect. just waste of time and no help. i wish i could take my customer list and go to another co. does anyone know any co. better?
almost five star. the app is good, no crashes , only problem is that there has to be away to enter supplier bills , posted to accounts payable, not only as cash credit card payments
no employee section. this app contains nothing to help your employees, only the business manager. quick books could’ve at least added support for timesheets and such since they no longer allow you to save your timesheet in mobile browsers.
update google signin never works. update: quickbooks support contacted me. i uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it works now.  i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google signin. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
must have for any mobile business.. great app, syncs nicely. will give 5 stars once more functionality evolves. very user friendly.
. how to find bill for supplier in mobile app ?
my review. when i put in my login details it says 'error' and that's just about it. it won't let me on
easier than all other apps. i literally tried out a dozen other apps trying to get one free or cheap. efforts were futile. i broke down and bought this one and never happier. it works like a charm and no dead buttons. does what i want it to do and no limitations.
. current version leaves the expense input screen up after adding an expense. this can make you double entry as you're left with wondering if the first expense entry went through. otherwise seems stable.
". downloaded the app to be able to view estimates and invoices from phone while i'm away from my computer and someone calls wanting to know ""how much did we have in this job or that job"" well, the app is prettt useless when you have hundreds of estimates out and you're trying to find a particular one , but there is no ""search"" tool to look for what you're trying to find."
great app. quickbooks online works really well, fits my needs as an independent consultant.
jan 2019 update is a fail. i’m a daily  hourly user. the january 2019 update won’t keep me logged in. after about 90 seconds i get an error message and get logged out.
please stop making my sign in. every other fingerprint authentication app on my phone (banking, password manager, file managers) does not nag me to log in via password every other day. why does this app do so? please fix.
. great app works well fore
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
quickbooks lies again. this app does not track mileage as advertised
great app. user friendly. simple and intuitive!
has features the browser doesn’t. i can see addresses on the client list, and it integrates with maps to get driving instructions
business owner. qb app is so hard to use and is different on every device. if you lose connection while creating an estimateinvoice etc. you will lose all info imputed and have to reenter everything again
the best software. this software is just great
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
. sucks...
. it's a great apps. but we should have option to add vehicle expenses as kmml spent like self employed apps !!!!
i looking. hai friends my name is navas abdulla i'm looking some software live sales report ..in store sales promotions company ..any one can to suggest any live sales, report software for sales promoters www.qmpromotions.com it's my website qmpromotions@gmail.com
incredibly glitchy. the app is glitchy despite updates. i’m not super impressed by intuit in general. i use their payroll for my business, a lot of glitches there too. app crashes or spontaneously exits my selections to “accept” for no reason and i have to start over. does not learn well, i have to reteach things over and over.
efficient. makes my life a lot easier i can create invoices. customers can pay their bill right in front of me what i sent them to the email. can’t get no better than that
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
. syncing of data is not appropriate. on online it is showing latest data. on mobile always showing data one month old. worst experience.
. great app
. good app, but it is expensive....
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
app works great. easy to do quick info inserts
nice but crashes. i like the app other than the fact that after a few minutes of work it crashes. it reliably crashes. helpfully they fix it soon, it's frustrating to have to log back in every time.
crashes. a lot.. new upgrade crashes. a lot. allowed me on just long enough to click 'leave a review'. then crashed. again.
easy to learn and use. everywhere access, integrated bank and credit card transactions. easy to create transactions on the road.
. i am with digital account
paypal integration very poor. quickbooks say it integrates with paypal and automatically downloads transactions. well, it does partly, but doesn't download into expenses the transaction fees with paypal here, meaning you have to do it manually. it will do it for an online purchase to the same account so why it doesn't work properly is a complete mystery and one support do not help with.
a1. great saves money time talks to my accountant, does estimates, converts to invoice simple
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
. recently purchased quickbooks and have been locked out. no reply from the qb team. inspite of sending mails and calling their representatives. thanks to qb; it sucks
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
getting there.... the lack of ability to create bank deposits is vexing. also, would be nice to work with downloaded transactions. works with mint, why not qbo app?
i like this software but not sure. how do i export this information or report or how do i print
great app!!. just switched from quicken, and i don't know why i waited so long. qb is very versatile and comprehensive.
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
no true inventory integration. so intuit is apparently letting the vultures take it on this one with letting a third party company charge you a hundred and forty on top of the $40 per month for plus... intuit should include a nice inventory app with qbop, i'm saying everything from being able to put a cost of goods that you put materials into an inventory item to taking pictures of items. where's the mobile support????
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
not useful yet. it is okay to check open balances and receive payments, but other than that, there is little functionality. qboa continues to improve, so i expect this app will improve as well.
the software has been a nightmare recently using iphone and ipad keeps saying i haven't paid. i've written to emails and had absolutely no response to either no refunds either because i can't get the software to work unless i'm in mice studios on my laptop which is being fixed currently i won't be with me for the next four weeks so how i'm supposed to do any invoicing i have no idea this is absolutely ridiculous use sage...
owner of vanoverconstruction llc. making my life a lot easier thank you
unusable. doesn’t connect to my account.. every time i try to login it says there is no company associated with my account. it works fine through a mobile browser or desktop browser. the app is completely unusable, how convenient. tech support says there is a glitch...you don’t say.
newest update doesn’t load dashboard. dashboard and home button do nothing now. iphone 11 pro max. blank screen.
pretty useful!. i can add my expenses and match them later and now they even. updated the web internet so i can use it on my tablet and it's become super helpful! thanks quickbooks! i think what's they update it to where you can do all the thing you can on the tablet web interface that you can do on the computer it's going to be top notch
no bills. has great functions except cannot enter billsinvoices from vendors.
app doesn't connect on ios 9. ever since ios upgrade 9.3 and quickbooks mobile app doesn't sign in, always says check internet connection. it's a bug in the app and they know it, we contacted support to fix it and they said they are working on it and will have a solution by end of may. this problem has been on for more than 4 weeks with no solution. poor app with poor support. not recommended at all.
accounting on mobile. great set of features. like the expense tracker. wish it had a mileage tracker within. otherwise 5 stars.
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
. garbage! just a scam that fishes for personal information. stay the hell away!
awesome. great app! making bookkeeping much more enjoyable!
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
ontiretse marumo. amazing app!
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
not helpful. this app doesn't help me. i get errors every time i try to match or categorize a transaction from my bank. it's useless for me.
. quick books is a good app to manage your business.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
useful but limited. useful but definitely not as many features as the web version.
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone. my only gripe with the app and it's operations is that not all of my customer emails that are sent are being received by my customers. i have highlighted this to quickbooks and they were extremely unhelpful in assisting with rectifying this matter, which i found extremely disappointed given this is a paid subscription service, and not a free service.
in sync. i would give it a 5 if the ipad and android versions were synced faster and had the same features.
crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.. crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.
. fantastic app! amazing ability to invoice on the go.
broken update. your update broke the app.
. awful app...one of the main reasons for converting to online from desktop was 'receipts on the go'. it's a joke...most of chart of accounts is missing and so are the bank accounts i'm using for transactions! so entering and recording receipts on the go is impossible. if this is important for you, use xero!!
. best app to have to keep updated!!!!
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
can't set it up. tried to get this to work but every time i go to the web page t set up the account etc it just sits there white a spinning timer at stage 2 of 3 of the setup. tried loads of times but just won't work. think if i ever get this working my first invoice will be to quick books for wasting so much of my time
almost right. love the quickbooks online app. use it on both my iphone and ipadvery easy to generate quotes onsite. just wish it allowed me to do purchase orders!
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
. hasn't worked on my android phone for over a week. says error syncing data and rarely loads historical info. lost ability to photo invoices and seems to have lost tax settings as always wants to create them despite setting this up and using for 7 months now. support says they are aware and working in it for a week now
useful. very useful app create, edit, print and receive payments all in the go perfect for a business that move around
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
i'd complain about crashing. but it won't even open. i used this app every single day for years, now its trash?! get it working please. i have paperwork that needs to get done.
qbo mobile  love it!. i love having my books at my fingure tips. i can create invoices, record payments on the spot, and get a pedicure all at once! love it!
love it!. why have i wasted time on quickbooks when i could have been using the online version! so much easier to use.
. complete waste of time app doesn't sync with the online version. the advice given by the help to delete browser history and cache doesn't work either. unreinstalling the app doesn't work.. in the long run you will end up wasting too much time on this program. be warned !! ###edit i've cleared cache, deleted app data it it still doesn't sync.. in particular it's the supplier list and transactions that are all missing
8 sur 10. très efficace!
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
. the only thing it does is say my account doesn't include mobile app use, i try to log in from the browser and it shows the same message....so much for trying to give you money, i'm off to look for something that'll help me keep track of my business and let me log in.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time. it works great with my small business to easily access invoices as well as the payment logs.
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
. was working for a couple months. now i can longer link to my bank account and the app constantly freezes with either a blank screen or white screen. completely useless..
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
conevenient but lacks features. overall, good for checking basic things on the go, as well as some other basic functions. it is far from fully featured though. quickbooks online sees constant updates with new features lately, so it’s probably just a matter of time before the app catches up a bit.
need help. i have problem with the data sync status. it written unable to get data. i can't even sent this message to your contact.
. great app! helps me stay organized on the go.
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
very limited!. i prepare weeks of invoices on my desktop for my 3 crews. unfortunate the online version rarely finds the invoices, and i end up having to go back to the old way of exporting pdf invoices. i feel like the desktop has so many flaws already, and the app is basically a worse version. i expect more from a legit company, but maybe i'm asking too much.
great app. great app
quickbooks. quickbooks on my cell phone keeps me in touch with our office 247. once data is entered by our staff it is immediately updated to my cell phone as well as other devices. for the times our staff had a question regarding entries, the help line for quickbooks was always answered by a person who took a personal interest in our problems and they always found a solution. dorothy apartment rentals
. can't print invoices should have a print invoices if on home network
great program. i find myself keeping better records. very user friendly. great program
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
easy to use. very easy to use makes billing fast
attach photos. it would be nice to attach photos with emailed invoices, and a record of when invoices are sent to customers.
critical simple feature still missing  for years!. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
. easy to use, very useful when on the go!
great for my employers. i'm an office manager at two companies, and i've been able to save my employers, field technicians, and office staff time, money, and paper with qbo. thanks intuit!
needs work. glitches, freezes all the time, constant updates asks me to review app while i'm using app so annoying
perfect for small business. keeps me financially organized with income and expenses. easy to use and reports are complete. perfect for my small business.
purchase order. i like the app it's a good app there is one screw up and a big one i wonder if it's only me who uses it why can't i make a purchase order on the app ??? other wise it's a great app
great way to punish your workers. yeah, a client uses this and when he sent me a 1099 it took 30 minutes of creating an account, retrieving passwords, recreating passwords, etc just to look a file that was supposed to be mailed weeks ago. terrible system trying to force the people you work with into accounts and products to access forms that are legally required. please use other software and services that care more about their user experience.
accurate name. this app does everything the name implies. i can do my bookkeeping myself and get everything done really...quick!
no pdf attachment. 3 stars as the app only able to upload photo of the invoice, not other format. you need to understand that pdf is much small in size and more practical for mobile upload. as for photo, it is at least 3m nowadays and it took almost 1 min or 2 to finish the upload.please look into it in next upgrade
agree with useless. not what i expected. does not have the same functions as qbo. disappointed! would have been great and convenient if all functions were available.
elecsmart electricians london. i have used the online version but now prefer the app as it seems to be more stable. worth the money and great for a progressive company!
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
almost usless. the app does not show all the info like logging in from a pc. also scrolling up or down on a page is very glitchy. quickbooks has a lot of work to do on making this app useful.
great app. if you run a business this app is a no brainer. just like being on the computer.
. pretty good app. lots of features like asset register need to be accessed through desktop. ocr not available for receipts on this version
disappointed. do not download this app. i'm sorry i did. extremely flawed.
. awesome book keeping app.
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
. login with google sign on sends me out to my browser then asks for password creation. continuous loop back to app then back to browser. have not been able to log in once. followed directions online for help still unable to sign in. no other app does this. guess im stuck using my desktop for quickbooks. may have to look into an alternative.
amazing app to accompany an amazing program. i've been using quickbooks online along with the app for over a year. my business has never been more organized in regards to accounting. being able to access all of my information from my phone is a game changer. will give the app 5 stars when they implement a way to move items once added to an estimateinvoice.
not as intuitive as desktop version. not as intuitive as desktop version. since 1986 used before intuit bought out money counts. lots to learn yet nice to be able to move the line items around. been wishing for that for 30 years
. bad app
"""quickbooks + square"". great app!!"
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
give me a refund. i hate this app it’s trash an i want my money back !!!
great. nice app! works well for what i need!
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
saving issues. a lot of problems with saving customer information or updating invoice. also have problems updating information after it has been saved.
it’s great. although this program works incredibly well and i’m happy to of used it for the past two years… i would love to do an annual subscription, pay my payment once a year and carryon.
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
dissapointed. this is the frontline of my business as i am a mobil service technician. app no longer will save or complete an invoice. this is crippling my business! fixxxxxx please immediately!
quickbooks scheduler. we love quickbooks and how well it works in the field. we got the gopayment as well. the only thing i wish quickbooks would add is a scheduler for jobs open, accepted, and estimates pending.
great app... needs some work.. there’s no way to record a sale without attaching a customer to it. also, there’s really not a place in the app to keep a ledger. if it had these 2 things, it would get 5 stars from me, but as it stands i give it 4.
. subscribed at the top tier quickbooks subscription, but i cannot check my inventory on the mobile app. i cannot express how sad i am, that should the first feature to ever be implemented but its just not there.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
needs a lot of improvement. missing a lot of features and information available with the web browser connection. can't see vendor history. can't sort how inboxes etc are listed. a few other issues. freezes often. in the middle of invoice entry, the system bounced me out for some reason, while not saving the work i had entered to date. did that twice. before i closed out and went to pc web connection. i love the possibility this app offers, development need to fix and enhance
. tpforhire.com we are able to be proficient due to this app. thanks
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
"fees on fees. while the app itself works and is fairly handy, i strongly advise against quickbooks as a company. i signed on as a business owner for $6.95 a month and was immediately slapped with over $100 in fees hidden in ""fine print"". worse is the utter inability to get any customer support from intuit. i canceled my subscription and despite already paying for the month, lost access immediately and lost all of my records. then i got billed again. stay away."
awesome. looking forward to seeing what's next!. there's times when i get fuel and the gas pump printer is out of paper. i pull out my phone, snap a picture of the purchase and expense it. brilliant. i would like to itouch login option. it's not to cool punching in your password while shivering. thanks qbo.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
. why are you advertising this app when you're not servicing in india.
signature for estimates. would like to have a signature on estimates for android tablets like you have for the mini ipad.
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
good, not great. you can do the basics, like sync bank accounts, run a few basic reports. but you can’t take many useful actions or get reliable search results. the bank accounts render weirdly. it’s more like a novelty rather than a tool.
amazing. this is so much easier to use and access. we are out in the field more time than at the office and to be able to email am invoice to a customer in front of him is awesome.
decent. not as full featured as website
crashes when downloading. crashes when downloading after initial setup. have not been able to use app. disappointing.
awesome product. general contractor have tried a lot of different apps and have spent a few hundred bucks...this one by far is the best for invoicing and providing estimates. very streamlined and quick to learn..
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
worked awesome until latest update. just says error every time i log in. worked great before update however.
great app really does work for my business. really easy to do my accounts and invoices.
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
. hasn't worked on my android phone for over a week. says error syncing data and rarely loads historical info. lost ability to photo invoices and seems to have lost tax settings as always wants to create them despite setting this up and using for 7 months now. support says they are aware and working in it for a week now
. great app!
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be. please fix back
better than sage. with a properly functioning mobile app, square integration & receiptexpense management, 10 times easier to use than sage(simply accounting)
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
crashes. it now crashes. tried several times. updated everything. looked at website  no help. very disappointed, we pay good money for this.
great. great software looking forward to updates
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
just fine for a small business. if you are looking to get up and running quickly, then this will do just fine. the subscription is a little on the high side compared to sage's offering, but sage is a lot more difficult to use.
terrible support. the feature that you promote in your advertisement for this app shows a person recording his receipts wich mainly are cash or card paid. the options that you have as type of payments are cheque, credit or other. nobody this days pay by cheque or by credit receipts for small amounts!!!! totally useless!!!
. useful when you are on the go and need to access you financial records.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
online is horrible.. it is so slow and printing invoices is terrible.
. great app. obviously nots as many features as browser access but an amazing app nonetheless.
app need more functionality. it would be great if we can do transfers and journals on the quickbooks app.
. stupid app crashs more often as than works
great app. i have been using it and it is good. though i wish more features were added for suppliers.
. the app is great when it works! it took 3 times of deleting and reinstalling to get it to work again. but its working perfctly again.
. after years of use i'm getting sick of all of the bugs. i'm spending wayyyy too much time on the phone with them, most of it on hold. don't waste your time and money on the mobile part. i don't think this is out of beta mode yet.
works great!. it's simple to use, great for small business owners. really helps you stay on top of your business.
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
at $12.99 month not free (false advertising). imagine my surprise, i trusted qbooks desktop to run my company, not sure i can trust some goof advertising free app and not letting you see anything unless you sign the free trial then $12.99month
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
easypeasy. this was the first software that made perfect sense for my social media management and marketing company! i'm unclear why there are so many complaints. i have had no problems or unrealistic acceptance.
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
. love this app great for my small business
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
down hill. the app use to be great and every time i launch it it would use finger print to open, but now it is asking for a password every time i shut it down. it only asks for the finger print if the app stays running in the background.
. this version of quickbooks app works great. very happy.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
useless. my boss uses qb to track my hours. as far as i can tell, i can't make those changes on this app. that makes this app totally useless to me.
. is it possible to link this app with my desktop quickbooks software?
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
. this app is horrible. why make something so bad? it needs a complete overhaul. i can't email receipts to an inbox, income transactions don't show gst amount like expenses, i can't view pdf receipts. it's just all round ugly and cumbersome and i've only used it for five minutes. i thought the xero app was bad but it's 5 stars compared to this trash. deleted.
very useful application. it really helps me stay up to the minute with my business goings on.
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
. waste of time, the app frequently crashed and doesn't have anywhere near the functionality of the web app.
. very easy to use on a mobile. means i can invoice on the go
great app but sign in issues. wont let me sign in anymore keeps sayin error restart app.
. dashboard is broken!! loads but shows up blank. i can see things in the activity page but everything else doesn't work!! please fix this. i'm running android 10
. please add a option of journal entry jn app
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
. love being able to work in quickbooks from my phone! one of the best features is being able to take a picture of your receipt and attach it to your expenses right from your phone. makes your bookkeeping incredibly easy! wonderful customer service, love the payroll, too many good things to say about this app.!
owner. i bought my basic subscription through the apple store and now i want to upgrade to essentials has anyone done or knows how to do this
. not very user friendly. can't enter data easily. the point to download the app was to have an easy access to my account when i am out working or if i have walkups. i will be able to easily send out an invoice or charge a credit card.
. love it! makes my accounting software much easier. no time wasting and sent direct to the customer and most times get paid straight away. fabulous!
. don't waste your time with other apps
quick books. not happy with the new update i have a vision problem and it makes it hard to see and read please change it
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
. this app does so much for our new business!):
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
great app. easy to use and very intuitive...
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
failure......again. when will quickbooks get their act together???? touch id to log in is gone with this update, still a lot of features from desktop version are missing. don't like the idea that the user has no control on the data and backups.
. smooth interface. easy invoicing.
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
too slow. too slow, freezes, doesn't show if the email has been sent and other things... quick sale is way better.
wow superb app. it is so well designed
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. doesn't even work on a cell phone. followed tech instructions and still get an error message...
small business asset. easy way to keep track off all those expenses, invoices, payments etc for a small business owner with little time to spend on administrative stuff.
. excellent app to get into your data on the road. i understand more functionality would be useful but being able to raise & query jobs and send out estimates & invoices 'in the wild' on my mobile phone is a real asset.
. horrible, spent 2 hours trying to cancel subscription. they don't have the cancel button. called them...45 min wait. terrible service.
great app. i've started using quick books as i switched from kashflow it's much easier and has a great user interface.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
disappointed.. as a qbo subscriber, i thought i could get basic financial reports like monthly profit and loss... not so. i'm not sure the app is of use to me at all.
great product. thanks to my accountant which recommended me to get this. highly recommends to anyone who is more small to medium businesses where we can invoice on the go
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
way too limited. i can’t even use the app to see if a bill was processed. it only allows you to view check or ach transactions and deposits. checks processed through bill pay don resigister as activity.
. all of my accounting is done through this app from quotes to invoicing. i also use this app for payments from clients with credit card.
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
don't waste your time. everything is centred at getting your secure bank details. so they can send it off somewhere unsecure. total waste of time. smooth to use but practical use is zero. for example you can not input expenses on the go. what's the point of the app then? so many little drawbacks. at this stage intuit should have had these things covered.
it works most of the time. it’s useful to have the app but more often i go to the browser site as you can do more on it. the app is good if you just want to record a quick expense and take a photo of the receipt to attach. quickbooks itself is a good accounting package, it’s just the app needs a bit more functionality.
missing a major key demographic.. although a good application, there are some things missing  like the ability to do business income taxes for t2 (corporations). this feature should be able to send those docs to cra in a format that ready to go. especially when small business corporations are being targeted in the media. help make this easier  there's no reason this feature should not be incorporated into the software.
jays. subscription
amazing. east, fast and quick to learn. highly recommended
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
impossible to print packing slip from app?. i would give quickbooks a 5 if it wasn’t so dang hard to print a packing slip from my phone either through the app or quickbooks online. ugh.
changed my world in a good way!. simple, intuitive, any device, anywhere. let's me do my accounting on the fly instead of working though a pile of admin at the end of the month.
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
discussed. app would not download after several tries.
great app. very easy to use. reliable. every once in a while it has loading issues but it's rare.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
pretty complete finance from your phone. i'm not too sure about the need for a separate app for payroll, but this does work as advertised for the most part.
makes my job easier. love it!
my music mi musica en espanol y english bilingual. bilingual
not a user friendly apps. not flexible
. love it, it makes my life easier.
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
. great app but have had issues with mileage tracking freezing up while i am categorizing. it then kicks me out.
. does what i need but could add a few things i love this app. i use it in my barbershop and i like the fact everything is all there whether it is on my tablet, phone or computer. the only other thing i would like to see incorporated into it is the ability to generate paystubs and do payroll then email to employees. but we can't have everything we want. aside from that, fantastic program. keep up the good work.
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
can’t create pos in app. wish i could create pos in the app. we use qb online with shopify. i can only create a po to send to my distributor from my desktop. i am often away from my desktop, in order to send a p.o. from my phone i have to log on to the regular online edition through safari. i cannot use the app as i need it to function.
love it. customers are paying online. so much easier for my business. great app.
. very useful software all customers use
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
best app for start up company. hands down this app is the best for any size company, once its all set and customized to your company you & your employees will operate more efficiently. take your time to learn it don't be afraid to call customer service they are very friendly and helpful.
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
. very miss leading and is nothink like the tv advert. not to easy to use and over all disappointed. having to use it because of my accountant. no impressed!!!!
made to measure. this online accounting package fits like a glove. after using the desktop version for some years this is now streets ahead in terms of speed of accessibility, very user friendly with very good visibility of information on the home page and excellent tracking of sending, viewing and tracking emailed invoices. simple excellent for my purpose.
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
doesn't sync open bills or invoices. it doesn't show any of my current or closed bills that have been entered for vendors.
just easy. safe and secure . superb app ..
. i was scared to switch from spreadsheets to quickbooks because i thought it would be hard to use. it's not. it makes everything easier. it also made me realize my spreadsheets were way off. a good investment for small business owners.
incredibly glitchy. the app is glitchy despite updates. i’m not super impressed by intuit in general. i use their payroll for my business, a lot of glitches there too. app crashes or spontaneously exits my selections to “accept” for no reason and i have to start over. does not learn well, i have to reteach things over and over.
so easy to send an invoice on the go.. so easy to add items, rates and invoice2go, email it while you are waiting for your coffee and your up to date !
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
printing receipts. how come you cannot print receipts on the app after you have put a payment through
. love it!! you cannot operate all the functions of normal qb online but sending invoices and recieving payment are very easy. i never forget to send an invoice anymore. the minute the service is complete, my guys send me a message and i send the invoice right from my smart phone. highly recommended for any business that provides mobile services.
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
cody. no reports. no p&l. can not work with downloaded transactions, which for me is critical. looks good, but is not really useful if your trying to get work done. maybe it will get better!
. useful. allows invoicing, and updates on the go!
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
what a joke.. can't add notes to customers. buggy! cant print. awful. if you are moving from qb desktop, think again! there's not even an easy way to just view today's business. no reports in app. useless.
great app. awesome app for entrepreneur business.
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes. in response to the developer: it seems i have to reinstall it every day just to get it work. i have been doing this fix for a long time and it still does not resolve the locking up or crashing problem.
great app. great app. can grab my ipad anywhere and do what i need to do.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
scared. i added the app. haven’t used it yet. i read some of the awful reviews. decided to delete it. not worth my valuable time. don’t think it is necessary to go through the same nonsense everyone else has gone through. you may want to call it the power of reviews and lack of response from the people in charge.
satisfied customer. i'm a new user of qb app, and like what i see so far. it's easy to use and is a great asset to help keep my finances straight. it's worth the $10 per month.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
made my life easier. i use to spend all weekend doing paper work and now i do it as i go in the car.
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
no longer works properly. since latest update i can no longer do anything in the banking section. i can’t accept or change any transactions.
small business owner. i have been skeptical about leaving all my business information in an external server, thinking that one day, the software seller is not longer in business. intuit has given me that confidence and now i am very excited with services i have received so far. the program is easy to set up and easy to use. very friendly menus. you can use as many functions you wish. is good even for those who have little experience keeping track of business.
i spoke, they listnened. i have had my fair share of frustrations with intuit and when they send out questionnaires i answer them and my biggest complaint was no access to a p&l which is now apart of the app. it's perfect for what i use it for and there's nothing like creating invoices and getting paid on the go. great update and thanks for listening.
. have had an issue with sending invoices through my app for the last 3 days. even after several calls and emails no one can tell me when this will be rectified. poor support and unorganized for such a large company.
great app. i have to switch from another accounting software to quickbooks and every thing is easy to use and easy to navigate.i use it on my phone,desktop in the office.i wish i had it ever since i have been using the other accounts software.
. for billing trying to learn
. i attempted to open an account and a symbol is required to create a password. my 3 bank accounts don't even require a symbol. i just reset all of my accounts with a new password. i'm not changing this password to please quickbooks.
great business app. run your business on the go
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
errors galore and inability to log into client accounts. i’m so disappointed with this app. as an accountant it would be handy to log into client accounts and check figures or enter small changes, but more often than not, i receive an error message and cannot log in. the issue renders this app completely useless.
this app rocks!.
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
poor design. very hard to navigate and understand. customer service only works bankers hours and not when you need them.
love this app!!. could run our company without it!!
no good color and texture of sreen. it hard to seen no c olor in photos
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
one best app for accounting. one of best app for accounting
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
. two favtor identification doesn't work, i can't login first time
. nice app
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
good program. been using this software for about 6 months now and find it very useful as a sole trader it works for me i can pick up my phone and write an invoice straight away.
useful app. adds a lot of useful abilities to your mobile device. i'm not a heavy user of it, but i have not had issues with it for months using the basic features.
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
. pos app!
if i didn't have to use it, i wouldn't. constant interruptions for surveys, having to log back in. nearly impossible just to use it...
easy to use. maybe better than the desktop app...
please add delayed charges. i like this app, but i mostly do my bookkeeping at my desktop. delayed charges are something i would like to add on the fly, using mobile. please add!!
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
quickbooks. i have been using quickbooks for about 3 years. i use the ipad version and the quickbooks online version. it does almost everything i would need it to do. i am really liking this last update.
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
. very disappointed, missing 6 months of transactions from my bank, tried to fix it as i was instructed to but couldn't, you can't get someone to speak to, no customer service. big joke, i don't recommend it to anyone
. this app is very useful for preparing and sending quotes and invoices on the go. so if i'm out of the office for the day, i can get work done.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
. i would give at least two more stars if the app actually lets me use my card reader, followed by the lack of automatic syncing and not even using active price rules whenever i need to make an invoice for a particular customer. please fix the card reader settings at least.
easy to use and keeps me updated. works great on my s4.
ok app. missing alot of important features
slow to update. pretty useless app.
. great app for small business
i can use my phone and ipad!. had the desktop version for years and loved it! always updated every couple of years and learned the new changes. then went to online version, little less features but was more mobile. now i have it at the office, or anywhere! some features are still a work in progress  like receiving payments, but this quickbooks team has been developing and updating since the beginning. great accounting software!
we have qb enterprise. does this work with qb enterprise? or do you have anything that does?
awesome. it saves me so much time. great to keep up with my business accounting. mostly simple to use. some features require a bit of basic accounting knowledge.
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
. currently a subscriber to many quickbooks services. unfortunately, i am no longer able to access my account via the app on my mobile device after the latest update. will update my rating if the issue can be remedied
easy to use!. this app gives me the leverage i need to stay organized.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
errors galore and inability to log into client accounts. i’m so disappointed with this app. as an accountant it would be handy to log into client accounts and check figures or enter small changes, but more often than not, i receive an error message and cannot log in. the issue renders this app completely useless.
. great extension to the desktop version. this app is most helpful on an onthego situation. reduced bookkeeping cost.
time expense and mileage. great product. inconsistent functionality across desktop, iphone and ipad. for us professional service peeps can we have time expense and mileage please!
doesn't work. app crashes on load and while logging in. pretty useless so far. :(
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
. app opens, prompts to upgrade, no upgrades available. repeat. please make sure the upgrade is 100% released to the play store *before* forcing users to upgrade.
. i'm on the go a lot and being able to access qb online from my mobile lets me access and do things quickly and efficiently. i'm able to create invoices and see who owes me money. it's great
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
keeps on crashing. i have uninstalled and reinstalled and it still isn't working. keeps on stopping after i enter my username and password. please help.
best ap and program for home business. i trailed several other programs before quickbooks. it allows me to split an expense between personal and business which others wouldn't. the ap is easy to use and love that i can take a photo of the receipt. no more loosing receiptshaving them fade etc.
better than desktop. used to use desktop version of quick books which unless you were an accountant was near impossible for the average person to use. qb online is so much more user friendly!
a difference. i show a difference between the bank and the gl, that does not reconcile but the app isn't giving me any unreconciled items. it doesn't make any sense.
love quickbooks. we started and successfully operate a small business. quickbooks has been fantastic for us. we can see the cash flow as well as invoice, manage vendors and taxes. it has been a complete package for us and provides a professional appearance to our customers.
. halimuzzaman syed. islami bank ltd bangladesh.
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
. easy way to reach my client balances and send proposals and invoices and collect payment.
. started a new business, had to find a way to manage my capital going in and out, also was able to send invoices directly to my customers, do quotes and look at profits. just a great app! perfect for me
constantly freezes. no search option
one of the best accounting software.. very good and well made accounting software. very easy and friendly to use. the things i especially like about this application is that i can book an expense on the go through the mobile app and i can access this accounting software from anywhere and on any device!!
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
. the largest shortcoming of this app for me (at this point) is the limited access to client history. when i can not find what i am looking for, i have to use quickbooks online. my clients all transferred over, but most have no history or a limited history.
. very useful business tool
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
basic functionality is good. this app has a lot of the data that i want to see. limitations are that you cannot do queries or make selections like the online version. i would like it to look and work more like the online version, then i would rate it 5.
crashes when trying take credit cards. crashing when trying to take credit card payments. not very helpful.
great app. i use it for business all the time it helps as my business is mobile always in the vehicle.
queers. geysnlesbians
can't log in. ami the only one ho just can't log in? customer support unreachable.
fantastic product overall. the mobile app gets about 3 stars but desktop version is 2nd to none. overall love quickbooks and it has helped my business. although mobile app not as good, it's nice to have on the go when i need info on prior jobs out in the field. what i don't like about mobile app is that it won't automatically put next invoice number like the desktop version, that would be a nice fix!
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
. can't add charges would get 5 stars if i could add charges (to be invoiced at a later time), but the mobile app doesn't seem to allow for this
. qbo much improved over original launch product, and tge app has brought qbo up.to date. i love the ability to upload receipts tgat immediately sync with qbo and match to vendorsexpenses. qbos ability to have multiple ysrs working simultaneously is huge . realtime collaboration with my bookkeeper and accountant is now easy. no more thirdparty file sharing apps and concerns about version control. with the app i can now monitor financials on the fly. highly recommend!
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
good when it works. i had internet quick books for my small business. had log in problems almost every time i used it. canceled it.
impressed.. very impressed with how far intuit has taken the qb online product, and this app is a nice extension of that! all the talk of cloud and mobile being the future..is now thanks to this cloud product. i refer many accountants in my network the qbo accountant version, which is the best solution for most small businesses in my opinion.
needs timesheet support. price went up 100 a year and still no timesheet support outside of desktop app
confusing. very difficult to use.
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
love it. very simple you use and looks professional, only think i’d say is don’t let your trail run completely out before you buy because it won’t instantly be back up and running takes a few days
needs more functionality. time tracking capabilities are missing which make this unusable for me, forcing me to use the online version which defeats the purpose of this app. it doesn't really make sense to release an ios version that can only do a portion of the tasks.
. simple and very efficient! send invoices ..receipts taxes. everything in one place! love it!
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
. after updated the app to the latest version, this app can no longer be used as it keeps forced closing.
qb online. absolutely perfect i've been using the qb app and this is exactly what i've been looking for i'm a painting contractor and this app is going to make it easy for me. if you are a qb user it's a must get
. great app, though i still need to refer to the desktop version. i am unable to pay employees through the app.
subscription errors. nothing but problems since january. i switched from the download to the app so i could do it at home and it's been nothing but problems, and not even the same ones!!! i have 2 companies, it's june, and i'm still trying to get this straightened out to input this years data.
great for on the go. i originally only used quick books software on my pc. it was still nice software but i would often find myself behind or forgetting to update my accounts. now with the software on my iphone i can easily update everything immediately. i have been using it for a while now and haven't experienced any problems.
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
problem after problem lately. first my bank feeds got messed up after the feed had to be updated recently. this wasted a lot of time. now, the app is telling me my account is restricted because they didn’t receive a payment  but i have an email from quickbooks billing confirming that they received a payment. this is not great for a company that is looking after my business.
great app!!. accounting made easy, great interface and easy to use. highly recommended.
. i've just started using qb and i'm very impressed. i was using xero and truelly,it has been horrendous. qb all the way. so user friendly.
owner light it up. cannot login iphone 6s qb update will not download properly can't get into customer information what the cuss😡😡
. great app
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
. web version is working but not the app.
. cool app
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
. overall it's a good app. just a few things i'd change.
demoted from 5 stars to 4. using the app on ipad and iphone for more than 5 years. dashboard has been unable to properly show invoice status for at least 3 months now. version 17.9, at least 3 updates ago? no fix yet nor response from intuit after feedback. while i’m not fond of frequent updates, one expects to have these kinds of obvious bugs fixed in the next update.
. very miss leading and is nothink like the tv advert. not to easy to use and over all disappointed. having to use it because of my accountant. no impressed!!!! also no english call centre's! you can't understand the customer help line team as there english is poor. needs english call centres employing english to overcome this problem!!!!!
best thing for the business, ever!. it's simple and easy to use  from someone who is learning how to run a business and manage accounts from scratch, it is the best money we've ever spent. saves time, looks professional and great value for money considering the price of an accountant!
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
. doesn't work on pixel 3xl. crashes as soon as it starts every time. wave works great though!
quickbooks. very good app i will purchase after my trial thanks
great for cell phone however.... i originally gave five stars however the app doesn't work with tablets that don't have a wireless carrier. so though i am on wifi it won't download regardless of the os meeting and exceeding the requirements. aside from that great app when used with my cell
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
"super userfriendly. i love this app, as it is very easy to use even if you aren't completely accounting savvy. i would like to be able to setup ""reminder"" emails to clients who have past due invoices. other than that, i'm very happy with the features of this app."
. you don't need to understand double dutch accounting to use it.
cannot find anything useful in the app. how do i display a report of unpaid bills? far too limited to be of any use.
almost there. the developers are working hard at making this the best accounting package for smes. especially ones whose top management actively participates in reviewing reports. great for compact companies. great for hands on ceos. please check other reviews for page organisations and their experience.
easy and effective. very easy and convenient, would just like if they add the ability to create a purchase order to suppliers from the app.
. sucks. cant login. all intuit apps are broken. support takes weeks to respond. i going to cancel my monthly service and go with a different accounting software. longtime customer but no longer.
quickbooks. excellent app, works great for my business.
there’s just 1 thing... i have been loving the way this program functions. the only thing i continually wish for is that i would be notified when a customer opens an estimate, not just the invoice.
"problems. this app will not let me save an invoice, it always says ""this number already exists"" no matter which number i add. only started the error on the 301112, please fix."
. great app
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
. force closes all the time. when it won't stop doing it, i have to uninstall and the reinstall. complete bs since i pay for the service.
can invoice from anywhere. i can start invoices at the gym and finish them at the office ! no longer putting things off and forgetting about them we love it!
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
. does not support in india
pretty good. app is pretty good for on the fly.
. i like the software however it is still a bit confusing. i will need to spend more time training
app issue’s. i purchased a new ipad pro 12.9, i downloaded the quickbooks app. on the left tab when i would select sales it causes the app to crash. i tried deleting the app and reinstalling the app and it did the same thing.
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
. works great until about a week ago. now i can't save anything from the app it won't sync basically nothing is working right with the app. i even tried installing it on another android phone and had identical problems. don't bother trying to call customer service they say they have nothing to do with the app and that's it.
great for small business. tried 30 day trial. can't wait to purchase! love the ease of doing my daily paperwork.
. user friendly for the droid not so much in the appleipad.
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
excellent. you can do so much with just this app  absolute game changer. love it.
. easy to create an invoice, a little difficult to look a customer's information via the phone app.
crashes every time i try to open anything.. i hate this app.
vino. great app very professional invoices from the computer
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
won't save receipts. try to record receipts in expenses, just get error message. called the number the message had, person they don't offer support for mobile devices or their app.**** update i did as you requested the day you requested and to date have not heard back from your staff. same issue with samsung 10.1 tablet and s6 phone.
. very convenient it's a convenient and easy to use app. the only downfall is not being able to insert new fields. so a ;  )
not very user friendly.. not very user friendly. have to open the app twice every time i use it. it says critical updates required log out and log in to refresh. every. single. time. i . open. the. app. i’ve tried deleting and reinstalling multiple times. when entering receipts it could have a search box at the top of vendor list do you don’t have to ask to search every time.
. absolutely awful and useless in every single way. beyond awful and useless. everything is hard to do. everything takes forever to get done. it always crashes and has constant glitches.
business made better. this has been a great experience. it has made billing especially easer and i'm getting paid sooner. two thumbs up. great tech support!!
where is the payroll functionality?!?!. the app seems to intentionally not include payroll functionality, that’s what i need most! f
terrible. i have had nothing but issues. last financial year it worked fine now it attached to my bank account it’s shocking. press accept for payments and expenses do the full month, i then go to profit and loss and shows no where near what i put in. 4 hours of my life i won’t get back i give up and cancelling my subs
great app. easy to use very helpful!!!!!
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
". constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
. good app
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. this mobile app now wont update banking. which is no good for a mobile business without running laptops.
. good app
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
. sorryest app i've had. cannot even log in.
good and useful. chamuka
. like others have stated, this was a great app until the last update. after a few tweaks the app is up & running fine now. every so often it will ask for me to log on again even though i just used it. other than that it works fine.
lacking features and a lot more development to go.. i particularly want to be able to do expenses while i'm out and attach receipts from my phone. i don't seen to be able to attach documents to expense records. document attachment is the single feature i moved to quickbooks online for. also can't access general ledger or bank accounts to process deposits, cash withdrawals, account transfers and journal entries etc. need to run a balance sheet report to view bank balances.
"great app. excellent app that integrates with lots of other apps i use. it has saved me many hours doing my accounts. (game changer for sure!)  i just wish i could change the wording ""shipping address"" to ""property address"" but maybe in time"
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
“updates”. every time i go to do something the app says it has to log me out to run updates. getting sick of typing my password constantly. (literally 100% of the time i try and use the app.) pretty much just use the website these days.
. as a new user, very user friendly, tools are available it just takes time to learn everything!
great app. use it while in the field working on my samsung galaxy tab pro 10.1 don't even need to break out the laptop!!
logs me off all the time. app is constantly requires entering password even with touchid enabled. not sure what the point of touchid is if a password is required
. excellent app for smes
. not worth the cost but it does track expenses.
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be.
easy to use. keeps me on top of my expenses every day. should have started using it months ago!
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
charge by stealth. i downloaded this app to try it out. before i knew it i was being charged $4.99 per month. my understanding is that it is free with in app purchases, but i never subscribed to this. i abhor these types of sneaky apps. i recommend you don't download it, or if you do, be very careful.
love this app. such a clean and well developed app for quickbooks! love it!
. please provide bluetooth printer print option for receipt print
not intuitive, not flexible, once in your stuck. terrible decision for a simple accounting software. converted from computer version...very unhappy.
great app. would be lost without it, saves me a fortune in accountants fees
. really nice accounting app. loads of integrations via desktop browser. even a desk top app that i suspect is node based. the best feature which is lacking in other accounting apps is transaction memos. that £200 i lent my mate in july is useful info when you look back a year later.
inapp purchase, but not stated in advance. rt
easy!. it's great being able to pull up my info on the go
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
great app but it buggy with lollipop. not able to use this app anymore when my samsung updated to lollipop. bummer!!!!
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
expenses tab stopped working. please fix the expenses tab. it's greyed out on this version and i can't use it.
love this app!. easy to use and convenient to have access to your books in real time.
nice app! but needs improvement.. please add a delayed charges option. i need to be able to add charges in the field from my mobile device. the app works well on my gs5
. doesn't work on my dell tablet. called customer support in january and they said software glitch should be fixed in two weeks. it's been two months and still not working!
. so far just trying out the app. it seems to have what i need so far but will do further work on it.
perfect. i migrated over from the computer version and so far it's awesome. i went out and bought a verizon tablet to make my billing easier in the field. i now can do everything before i walk out of the customers house, the days of going to the truck to write up a invoice are over!!!
. need to pay to use the app? why not directly put the price instead of stating it a free app?
. good apps
banking. great app just the banking doesn’t always pull over on fist couple tries to load transactions
refresh invoice?!?. trying to add new items to existing invoice with partial payment received and won't let me save changes! refresh invoice means what, exactly? without this function why do i need my subscription? made office work harder as now must go submit through pc and pray that works...
. très utile, mais surtout très complet!
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
. this app requires a password even though i chose google login. if i need a password anyway, what's the point of a google login?! quickbooks online doesn't require it. disappointed and uninstalling. i have enough accounts as it is.
awesome!. great app, easy to use.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
zero stars. it really surprises me that a big company like intuitquickbooks couldn’t come up with something that worked. the app is almost completely useless. i installed it, tried to do some basic stuff on it and couldn’t so i deleted it. please intuit you have to have someone that can build you a better app!!
qb online. just upgraded from wui quickbooks pro 2011 to quickbooks online. this program is absolutely fantastic. i love the ease of receiving payments. love that i can take photos of my receipts paid to vendors. simply a great product. customer support was also wonderful in helping me get transferred from 2011
. for an app qbo is awesome. it does not have all the features of a desktop program but what app does? you guys are doing an incredible job and making impovements to both program and app all the time.
app not working on iphone. i’ve been trying to install the app on my iphone (6s) with the current version of ios for the past couple of months. the app downloads and installs. when i tap the app to open it, the screen briefly shows the intuit quickbooks logo and then closes. i called support but the told me to go to apple. the ability to use the app to capture receipts etc was a big draw to using quickbooks online. very disappointed.
easy. easy to use, and has all the features i need to run my lawn care business. i recommend it to everyone. my only issue was getting my subscription paid for. i worked it out by calling customer service and they were awesome.
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
ios 11 not ready? lot of bugs and crashes. every time i’m make a new invoice it crashes and take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
great app. keeps us so much more connected with our customers
actually professional now. i was using word to create invoices, then excel to keep track of when they were paid. now it's all done in one place and even sends a professional looking invoice to my clients! i should've moved to quick books long ago!
featureless. i was a long time quickbooks pro desktop application user and switched to the online version this year. i'm disappointed by the snails pace of the development on this app. payroll is nonexistent and is not even on their radar. i think this could be a good app in the future but right now it is the bare minimum. (edited: the reply below is not available in canada)
. why can't i edit an invoice number? my only complaint is that i am unable to edit the invoice number. this prevents me from creating invoices on the go.
update to the update.. they fixed the update. i updated my rating.
use it to view only. very handy to look at information. do not use it to enter information.
. it's a great app. i use it all the time with my company. very efficient, and easy to navigate. automatically logs out so no one else can get access to it ( logs out after being in active for a certain amount of time). making banking, estimate invoice, and employees records very easy to keep track of. also love that i can store customers an accept payment online also. only downside sometimes it can be slow but other than that it's outstanding
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
useless!. who is writing these positive reviews? this app is completely useless. it has none of the functionality of qb online, and neither does the mobile version accessible from a browser. with all of the money we spend monthly on qb products, the lack of useable features on mobile devices is extremely disappointing. can't even get a register balance? ridiculous!
best accounting software i've tried. this has got to be the most intuitive feature rich reasonably priced cloud computing package for small business i've ever seen. waaay better than myob, such a great little app.
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
does not intergrate with the desk top versions and is way more expensive. i bought the desk top version because i was told the app would work with it. now they are discontinuing the app and forcing users that need mobile access to use this, but it does not share data with the desk top version. it would not be so bad except that i bought and paid for qb for windows 2014 and is substantially more expensive in the long run.
great app!. works great on a samsung galaxy s5. features are coming along nicely. it would save a step to be able to add another expense from one just saved without having to back up from that record but no complaints otherwise.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
service date is still broken. has had this problem for months and a fix has yet to be included in an update. will be not be staying with quickbooks.
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
needs some work. this app is good but needs more work. error message kept popping up while working in it. some tasks are missing like entering bills. can't find sign out button or switch to a different company.
. this app sucks. it has stopped working and often displays incorrect information. it's super annoying. only the desktop works.
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
. does it need an internet connection?
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer service (james refusing a last name or initial from customer care) experience, nothing resolved. no response from error logs. called and even gave control of my computer. never did intuit offer any fix. ongoing issues over 6 months damaging my business.
easy iphone app. i like it, it’s easy enough to navigate on my iphone. you cannot do everything that you can do on the computer but it takes care of most business.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
"what are you thinking qb???. when you send invoice or proposal email, it doesn't come from your email but from ""qb do not reply email address"". so if customer wants to email you back with question or addition they have to start new email thread."
. use qb for all my book keeping, estimates and invoices.
. expenses can be duplicated if the save button is pressed more than one time.
"locks, freezes, and won't sync. updated last week and haven't been able to use it since. i've reinstalled, cleared cache, resynced data... nothing. qb customer service ""can't see any issues with my login"" so who knows ? ive been reduced to entering all my invoices from my computer at home (defeats the purpose of the app doesn't it?). until they fix this update, don't download it."
saves me 250month on payroll.. i can now run my corporation from my tablet, without an accountant. invoice on job site while on the clock instead of for free at home away from kids. also it’s 250 bucks a month cheaper for qb to do my payroll compared to my accountant to do quarterly sales tax reporting and weekly payroll for 1 5 employees...
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
. terrible customer service plinky plonky app. i have now moved everything over to xero which is much better
solid app. works great and made billing so much faster.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
"buggy, issues with sync. for some reason this app is constantly having connection issues for me. i get messages like ""transaction not accepted"". then i have to log into the desktop version to actually do the work. ok for a glance but not useful for productivity."
. quick and easy to use. clients have been very receptive to there invoices or estimates. definitely have recommended this to other small business owners.
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
update. please fix soon app opens and closes after update.
. great app wish it was free for small home based enterprises
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
poor need lots of work. this app is terrible on the ios and android. i’m using it on both and it has tooo many bugs...
great app to run my business. easy invoicing have app set up and operating in less then 30 min
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
insufficient information. the app doesn't have the features i need while away from my computer.
easy and super user friendly. first time user of this type of app but it was easy to set up. sent out my first invoice after 1hr already.
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
. i have talked to intuit support multiple times of why i can't enter charges so i can document on the go. my phone has a bigger screen resolution than my ipad. since the jellybean browser and firefox registers as an ancient copy of chrome, i'm stuck with remote desktoping to a real computer to do work. thanks intuit.
. runs our business so much smoother for since app was created.
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
. slow app but super useful
. extremely useless and convenient!
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
. i love this app. it allows me to promptly create an invoice on the spot which allows me to close the deal quickly. every small business should use this app!!
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
. major issues with app and desktop versions. back and forth calls to solve the issues. finally gave up and cancled. on the plus side, customer support on the phone was polite. however, the product itself isn't worth the trouble. this will be the third time i have called in asking about my refund, its been almost 2 months... still waiting.
i love qb.. that is a great app for me.
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
. works we so far. just started using it. i like that i can create and send invoices from my phone.
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
not very good. this app dose not work with samsung galaxy s 6 or 6 edged, iv phone over 6 time now and just keep getting fobbed off , i don't even think thinking quickbooks technical support know wat they are doing i'm just left in the dark
works when you're on the go!. easy app navigation. easy to create, send,invoices.
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
no mileage tracking. false advertising. the mileage tracking screen shot is from the self employed app, not the small business app
. reports needed need reporting inclusion in the app to be rated excellent.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
. app freezes and crashes several times a day. the photo receipt scan feature is probably the biggest culprit. even simple things like updating my business contact information yields an error message which is usually followed by a crash. the mac version of qbo isn't any better. similar issues there. very clunky, buggy applications. too much time spent troubleshooting. time for an alternative.
making life simple. best way to run your business.
i'm trying the app now i have a question. can i acess from a pc too? or is it only for the phone?
developors don’t use the program. it’s obvious that most ratereview apps start at 5 stars and work down instead of working at 3 which most people would consider average. given that i would say it’s a 3 at best since those that write the program don’t actually use it and like most developers use the customer as the guinea pigs.
excellent software. so easy to use, it's great and self explanatory.
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
this is a total disaster. quickbooks online is a complete and total mess. my invoices are duplicating themselves in the register, the register isn't adding correctly, and my sales tax isn't correct so it has to be done by hand. when you call customer service, they have no answers and never bother to return your call because nobody there knows how to fix the issues. i would recommend that nobody ever uses quickbooks online.
quick books. love this app. very easy to use!
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
amazing app!. very good app! helps you learn a lot about coding!
search. the search feature needs improvement. can only search by customer info. can’t seem to search for an invoice by keywords that are in the invoice.
. app crashs more then i can use it nearly impossible to get my work done will definitely be looking in to other ways t invoice and accept payments
the best app for small business owners. i own a small business near austin, tx and i used to have to drive home to write up an estimate, but with quickbooks they have truely made it easy and extremely convenient. i highly recommend this app.
crashing after ios 13 update. after ios 13. i can not log into my quickbooks app please fix this asap
add items?. there's no where to add items, only when i make an invoice it let's you add items, but there's no items list so you can quickly choose from lists, so every time i make an invoice i have to add an item manually instead of choosing from a list?
. great app!
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
not for administrators. this app may be alright for sales people but doesn't do bookkeepers and admin people any good. i need to check register balances, p & l and balance sheets. this app doesn't allow for that.
quickbooks online + app. quickbooks online is making my business accounts so easy. the bank connections feature allows you to sync online accounts straight into your account records. when new transactions are available, you can view and add them straight into your accounts, made easier by quicbooks match feature that marks transactions with previous similar transactions. support during setup period has been excellent which has made switching from another online accounting software quite an easy process. very impressive so far.
nice app..... doesn't function like the website
reduced feature set. previous version:the feature set of the web based app is not matched. (previous mentioned currency and time records). update: removed a lot of preexisting functionality and did not add any missing functions. much worse than before. cannot find a list of invoices due to a supplier. clicking on a particular supplier brings up only the address particulars.
it's exactly the apps i need. simple to use. have all the features i need for my food truck business
. using this app had help me reduce the time required to prepare my client account significantly from months to just weeks. some from 23 years backlog to weeks. i can use the time saved for other aspects of my client business.
useless app. mileage tracking is grossly inaccurate, way too many inadequacies and limitations on the invoicing and accounting features. this app is a joke. i tried it for several months and have lost money as a result of it's shortcomings. the positive reviews here must be fake. do your research and search the web for accurate reviews. i recommend everlance as a better option.
a small business must have. i have used quickbooks pro for my small company for many years, but i can't believe i have gotten this far without this app.
". we really like quickbooks online. it works nice but, the android phone and apple ipad apps still need some work. while functional in some things, overall app needs improved. we still use it, only when absolutely necessary, not a go to thing. my rating will change to 10 stars when  ""if"" they update these apps. but qb in general, love it!"
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
awesome i just need to learn to use it. its awesome i love it but im new to it so i have a little bit of trouble using some of the features but im sure i will get the hang of it with time n experience
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. edit: the developers comment below doesn't work as of 130619
proadvisor. love using this to service so many clients at once. truly has made my life so much easier being able to work when ever i am needed!
better than desktop. used to use desktop version of quick books which unless you were an accountant was near impossible for the average person to use. qb online is so much more user friendly!
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
amazing. i haven't seen smart accounting software like this 👍🏼
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
. so easy to use! i wish i had started to use this when i set up my business! it saves me so much time and i can enter transactions from my tablet which is so convenient. i also love the way it links (safely) to my bank account and automatically brings all my transactions into quickbooks. would strongly recommend!
very helpful.... there are some glitches with a couple of the features but for the most part, it’s exactly what i need. a great help for record keeping and invoicing my customers efficiently. there should be an option to select and send multiple invoices at once. i have multiple invoices per customer each week.
latest update won't open!. latest update crashes immediately.
. amazing app ever!!
needs work. i love the functionality of it but i wish it would integrate paypal for the option on invoicing. my customers all use paypal & im double sending because there is not a paypal button on this invoice program!
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
. for running my little business and sending invoices on the fly its great!
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
just about there.. for a small business the app makes on the go entries easy. saves me a lot of time when i'm next at the pc. i have issues with some functionality of the software that missed the port from desktop to cloud.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
waste of time. crashes at least 50% of the time i try to enter an expense while on the go
easy. i use it to view the position rather than a tool to raise invoices etc, a nice addon
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
crashes on open. useful app until this update. it crashes on open, both on ipad and iphone. cannot do business this way...
. great app a bit overwhelming at first with all the features.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
easiest accounting on the go. makes it so easy for me to handle income and expenses for my business no matter where i am.
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
money grabber. quickbooks will offer subscription service. i paid for it because of the discount and then they didnt allow me to accept payments through their app. you have to assess the profile first before asking for payment.
easy to use. quick books is very easy to use and i am able to finish my bookkeeping on the go when i am on the train or waiting in an airport.
ok app. missing alot of important features
crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.. crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.
fantastic app for small business. i have been using quickbooks for a year now. before i used to use myob and it used to cost me double what i pay now. it has all the features i need and usually works without any problems. i can write up quotes onsite, and send invoices before i leave the job. i highly recommend this app for small businesses.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
awful. i don’t typically leave negative reviews but if i have to watch an invoice that i am editing disappear one more time i’ll loose my mind. clunky and prehistoric programme pen and paper would be quicker
. great bookkeeping app
quickbook. on trial will notify later
. worst app ever. at best there is a 30 second lag when opening the app, at worst it freezes my phone up and i have to restart the whole phone. the app doesn't display most of my customer transactions. awful, ill be finding a new cloud based accounting service.
amazing app for business .. i run my construction business with this app and just got the card reader now
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
not trustworthy. quickbooks has some issues with taking multiple accounts under the same email. i can not access my account because my email was used to open a second trial and i can not access my data any longer. choose better accounting software, overall. this app has no visible way to logout or troubleshoot.
great app. good for a non accounting person like me. i can keep track and give it all to my accountant and it gets done. i love that i can send invoices from my ipad and enter info etc. two thumbs up!
sage. there are far too many bugs for my business to depend on this. what is really more important than dependability in book keeping software? besides there are very limited features to begin with.
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
good app. good app great for mobileroad sales. only wish i could view current in stock inventory qty in app and product item cost as well as retail price.
. why this app is not in french ???
. seriously? this is the best you can do? ! so limited on basic functions. *updated review nice try quickbooks on the reply...no, your laughable update is ridiculous! not to mention the mobile device website lockout to access via mobile browser.... taking away another star for bad public relations. welcome to 1996 if you try to rely on this app for your 2014 business.
great app. i love quickbooks online as well as the mobile application for iphone and ipad. i basically run my business from my tablet and smart phone. we truly are living in the future.
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
. works great. i still have a lot to learn.
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
where is the cost of the app?. where is the cost of the app. you gave me all kind of information but not the price of the app!!???
quick books. very easy to use but would like more design layout of a custom invoice
a solid program. i like the idea of this application being online because many of my accounts can be updated asap.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck. *tried clearing data, same issue."
. not all the features are in the app. great on the go!
. current version leaves the expense input screen up after adding an expense. this can make you double entry as you're left with wondering if the first expense entry went through. otherwise seems stable.
crashes. upgraded to ios 10, now app will no open.
. great app to managing income and expenses
. quickbooks please make it so there's the option of where payments are deposited on sale receipts for the android app as its available on ios. other than that is not a bad app.at all. 👍🏼. still waiting for the option on android of where funds are deposited.
recent update worse. with the recent update, the app won’t load and immediately shuts down on me. : can’t access my accounting.
works well. easier than the web interface sometimes!
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes. in response to the developer: it seems i have to reinstall it every day just to get it work. i have been doing this fix for a long time and it still does not resolve the locking up or crashing problem.
. great for me. the ipad and android versions are awesome for on the go.
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
. quickbooks notified me of this update at 1am. not nice.
great. great app i use it everyday, makes invoices a breeze and makes it easier at the end of the year for tax purposes.
expenses. how do add an expense thats on a 30 or 60 day account?
. be warned easy to subscribe almost impossible to cancel subscription has been at it for hours it seems like an undertaking of several days will try again tomorrow.
excellent app. superb app living my life by it now couldn't recommend enough
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
do not upgrade to new ios. stopped working with new ios. people pay for this. clearly everyone is having this problem based on recent reviews. zero testing was done for the new ios release. zero. the search for something better has begun.
. the best accounting software i've used. though i haven't used a lot to be fair.
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
. this app has told me there is a temporary problem on and off for approximately the past 12 months. this app is detrimental to my business. please fix asap!
worthy app, very user friendly !!. personally this app is unbelievable. it dose pretty much everything. however, it would be even better if you could set up folders in a name customer by you. second, it would be even better if you could access certain command requests without it buggingout. so far that has only happened once. otherwise it would have got five star.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
junk. this app is an embarrassment to use. doesn't attach correct to emails, rude default email tags, and prints too light to fax. i used qb contractor for 10 years before being talked into ipad by apple as the way to go mobile. save your money do things right. this freezes up a lot too which if you have time to wait may be for you.
. made life easy! amazingly user friendly
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
. restart the app error. uninstalled and reinstalled app. same error.
great app. being able to use quickbooks on my phone has really helped my business run more efficiently. i'm able to manage customers and employees all from my phone.
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
disappointed. i’ve been using the phone app for a year now. when the app works it is fine however it constantly freezes and my only option is to restart my phone. i have deleted and downloaded the app several times but it has not fixed the issues.
. incredibe app. pls if u can add african bank also it will be more okay. thanks
pretty good but, but no bill entry????. i have found this to be somewhat helpful for reviewing expenses, but it would be fantastic if i was able to pay bills on the go. i would love to be able to keep my business mobile by using the camera to “scan” invoices and submit them for payment right from the app. a core function that is surprisingly absent. this is a must for future development. without it, the app just come up short...
not free. free trial that gathers all personal info then you can try it doesn't link to real program !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
. great app!
. you need this app if your running a business
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
good app. like the easy use of the app
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
this is useless for invoicing. useless: on the product list it only shows first two words and the ..... i have multiple variations in same item. i can’t search product with sku, when i search by name it only shows first two words and then dots. i cant add the exact product on invoice. so its useless.
. great app easy to use.
must have !!!. if you have a business that serves customers and you want to collect payment at time of service or later, you want this software along with its phone apps to do business in the field. your a fool if you don't !!!!
. worst app ever
touch id rules. much easier to login now.
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
. perfect app for small businesses onthego!
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
ipad integration has gotten much worse. there seems to be no way to run a detailed report. the help section is worseless. i’ve used qb for 20 years and it seems less trouble to learn another app than to continue. why remove functionality that used to be there?
. accurate app
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
. good app !
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
it's ok. for a big name like quickbooks it should have a lot more features. my old cheap invoicing app worked much better. can't just open a list of all open invoices witch is stupid. only let's you see open invoices and then if it's over due you have to click on the over due link to see all the overdue ones
excellent app and service.. great product.
so far. i like the app, the only problem is i can't add my income i can't figure out how on my android please help, so i can give it 5 stars
poor service, poor quality product. this product is the worst i have had to deal with. service is non existent, the app is constantly in errors, backing up is slow, the system does manual and not by the operator, everytime the + symbol is used it closes the app. my accountant doesn’t even like the system. i have loaded, unloaded and reloaded the app so many times it’s no longer a joke. quick books tells me they fixed the fault, like never.
mgrm. great app
love it!. why have i wasted time on quickbooks when i could have been using the online version! so much easier to use.
ios 10.01 update...... awful! not user friendly. keeps telling me to update safari to use program. still can't run checks!
awesome. pretty awesome app. i run a small cleaning business and very versatile.
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
very poor support and feature. features are basic and they won’t let you unlock the others with poor support. don’t use
great tool. this app helps me keep track of my business finances and at the click of a button i can see who owes me money or who i owe money to. really useful!!
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
unable to see expenses as anything other than cash. even if i input it on my computer as credit card and i save it as such, on the app, it'll say cash. can't change it either
small business accounting. as an it consultant for luk solutions... your computer service specialist... this is the perfect app for me. it helps me to see everything whilst on the go. i highly recommend it for any small business person. it is not as robust as the desktop model, but does mostly all you need in a bind whilst out of office.
. for billing trying to learn
not happy. when i first got the app i fell in love i had problems with the desktop version , with the bank option on the online version which you removed i was able to log in my transactions very quickly , i would appreciate it if you would please bring back the bank option in the menu asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
. great app but how does it stand out?
. really nice accounting app. loads of integrations via desktop browser. even a desk top app that i suspect is node based. the best feature which is lacking in other accounting apps is transaction memos. that £200 i lent my mate in july is useful info when you look back a year later.
. when it works it works great. however i have to periodically delete and reinstall the app because it gets buggy entering new expenses. it will get locked in the expense screen. in the locked screen if i hit save 5 times it will record the transaction 5 times while still sitting in the entry screen. **update the developer solution did not work.
. great app! it gets the job done!
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
terrible. qbo is probably the worst software i've used since the late 1990's. it is full of bugs, feature shortcomings, and poor support. we've been working with their certified professionals for months and they barely know how the online version works. i'd strongly recommend using any other accounting platform.
would recommend to everyone!. easily the best software to manage a small business. i am able to invoice customers with such ease that it makes me wonder why i haven't switched software platforms sooner! you can not go wrong with quickbooks. the app is so easy to navigate.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
". can not change most settings comes an error ""you and xxxx were working on this at same time "") tried on different browsers, nothing changed"
good for on the road. let's me add invoices and expenses while away from the office, works well.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
finger print touch does not work. generally ok, not impressive. please fix problem with finger print touch open feature. i keep trying and it will only work one time. i'm still being asked for password.
. cant function without it wonderful all in one app for small businesses
i like it but am confused. the app works very well, but i am confused how to change a quote from pending to approved. when i click on edit the option does not come up
still can’t attach a receipt. even after the most recent update, i still can’t attach a photo of a receipt. i can select the photo from my library, but the save button has been missing since the last ios update.
i love this app. i love all of the features it currently has. i wish we had more of the controls we had from our qbo web version. 4616  i love that i can now see my check registers & a few other things have been updated. added the final star!
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
not even close to online or desktop versions. at the cost of not wanting to hire a secretary my consultant had me switch to online version from desktop, it sucks! used to update q.b. desktop every 3 yrs (when forced to) for $150 and now pay around $400 a year for less function. the direct qb online site is better from my mobile device than the actual app. the options between app and website dont function the same. terrible!
great way to keep track of business nunber on the go.. although it's not as good as the pc version it allows you to keep track of expenses as you make them while your away from the business.
. very useful. if can get it for eternity at one time payment and not to be paying monthly that would be nice.
update killed app for me!. used to love this app as i’m a paid subscriber, but the recent update doesn’t launch anymore. i’ve tried removing and reinstalling same result. iphone x.
. simple, effective accounting, easy to understand and tweak to personalise.
categorize expense. useful. would be better if it can scan the photo and also categorize expenses.
. very glitchy and slow in android
great app. works great for managing customers and invoices for our company!
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
". only works half the time i use it, it's always ""experiencing technical difficulties"""
outstanding. i love the new quickbooks app it allows me to invoice and estimate my customers in a snap it also allows me to bring the point of sale in the home credit card processing is very easy also my favorite feature is that i am able to transfer my contacts into my quickbooks customer list with the press of a button
almost great. this app would be better if it had a little more functionality. i would love to be able to upload photos to invoices or even send an invoice from the app. i find myself not really using the app very much because it does not have full functionality. it would be nice if qb could mirror their web based app.
don't buy this, it has glitches!. i have had nothing but problems, it won't let me in account...then didn't record travel information. now it is impossible to cancel.
great app. does cost money this app. it’s definitely worth it! the app keeps up to date
"great app. android sg5 needs (negative) """" option when editing the amount entry on invoices."
crashes 48 times per day. app crashes over and over, saying you need to log in again for critical updates. there are no updates availability, and deleting and reinstalling the app doesn’t help. it’s frustrating because it takes 20 minutes to enter customer information, because you need to finish and hit that save button before the next crash. best to just use quickbooks in the browser, even though that isn’t perfect. four stars with no crashes.
hair kreations. simple, fast and reliable
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
not work in india.. i have installed it, but when i open it. it show that it is not work in india. i have hear abt this app, that it is very good in it field but what if it not work in my country.
. it works well for me so far. i have a lot more to learn
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
dont work no more. terrible tech support! app quit working over a month ago...tech support is useless...you better change your advertising....you should probably get it for false advertising cause you are lying to the public
great app. perfect to keep track of your business accounting.
. very good program, other than the price has went up 3 times this year.........getting expensive.......started at $12 a month and now at $25
. stopped working and customer support sucks and dropped the call after half an hour
excellent. really good app. carry your whole business in your pocket. 6 months of using it and it's excellent.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
still slow & buggy. home page shows update date as current and. transactions to reconcile yet when i go to the individual accounts to do it the numbers are either wrong or transactions not there...
. great app
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
user friendly but i will have to start from scratch. there is no way i can pull my two years history from my online account. the customers and vendors are not available either. not useful without importing all that data.
. i really like being able to do all my estimate and invoices on my mobile phone
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
. not supported in india... so, i have uninstalled it from my phone...
very helpful.... there are some glitches with a couple of the features but for the most part, it’s exactly what i need. a great help for record keeping and invoicing my customers efficiently. there should be an option to select and send multiple invoices at once. i have multiple invoices per customer each week.
review. happy with qb is working for me just need to work out how to link my bank in and do my accounts on it this should be simple but l am no wizard on tec. the code that l am ask for from my bank is not linking and not sure why. but so fare it's good.
. signed up to app. no clear pricing. my invoice had vat numbers all over it but i'm not vat registered. seems impossible to take vat number off invoices. customer service very slow and hard to get though to. no tel number.
love it!. keeps me on track with customer invoices and payments.
. i like the software however it is still a bit confusing. i will need to spend more time training
setup. could not setup company profile, kept getting error message. on to the next one.
comprehensive. your accountant in your hand. seriously.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
. does not work its rubbish app
amazing, powerfull and simple. switched from sageone and wow, for the same price i get a much better mobile app, that actually do more, and is very simple to use. and the last update made it even better with the overall view.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
still needs work. this is a good general product, but many basic things are still missing. it is significantly better than the last time i tried qbo.
great software. this does everything i absolutely need it to do. i wouldn't use anything else it's easy to manage they have great customer service and i don't have any complaints about it keep up the great work thanks for making my job a lot easier.
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
. very frustrating app to use. as an employee i am required to log my daily hours using quickbooks, the app however won't let me even login to it. i go to login and it gives me a message telling me that i am trying to use an u supported role and it will be fixed in future updates. i have to go through the website which the mobile version is not great to use.
i love it.. i run three business on it. 1. multispecialty physician group. 2. mechanical electrical & plumbing 3. physician sales & service. i complete my payroll and carry out all accounting functions here.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
disappointed. i love quickbooks online, but i'm disappointed with the app. i would really love to be able to do more with the app other than enter transactions. i would like to be able to run the prepared reports i already saved in the online version and print them on the go.
outstanding. just download it!
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
so useful. i have just upgraded from quickbooks 2006 to online. can't get over how much more useable it is. i can check my accounts whenever and wherever i am. it's actually quite fun to use!
track time. so far i’m pretty unhappy with this app because i thought that i could use it to track my time while i was with a client with a timer. i know that i read that somewhere when i was researching this app. that would have been a perfect feature. if this is something that i can actually do and someone can let me know how to do it i will change my rating to 4 or 5 stars.
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
love the convenience. great app
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
great app. yet again another update and even more glitches, you charge a fortune and cannot provide a decent service  i’m considering switching to a competitor as you have breached the contract that you have with me. this needs fixing urgently and you need to refund subscription fees! my advice to businesses and the selfemployed is do not use quickbooks!
yesenia menendez. i love it, makes my life easier and is great for my business.
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
subscription error. while i love the program, it had cancelled my subscription and won't let me do anything. get this fixed and you'll be back up to 5 stars.
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
problems. what my bookkeeper is finding is payments being applied to the wrong invoices. it’s really messed things up. from the checks being deposited from my bank. also, for some reason my quickbooks is duplicating invoices. i will have to erase the app and download again.
. this app is very useful for my shop for trak inventory item and gst purpose and more
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
questionable developers and qa. don’t bother with this app. more time updating this weekly with version changes and bug fixes... jokers
. this app has made tracking my expenses a breeze , now i don't have a big pile of receipts because i enter everything as i go
. found a better app for my needs
. very hard to work with didn't match up with my phone or my tablet.
. awesome app
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
great. makes invoices and estimates from phone look right professional. i use the desktop version as well and it would be great if the different versions spoke to each otherwise best solution by far
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
worst customer support ever. worst customer support in history. using their software and need cs is the best ticket to drive you out of business.
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
a handy little companion but it wont replace the website. a number of features from the web portal are missing such as matching bank transactions but its ok to use simply to check your chart of accounts and to record expenses.
not able to enter bills. i cannot on this app nor the mobile site enter bills or purchase orders!! its very bad because now payments cannot be entered from my asus padlaptop please update this asap!!!!!
. very excellent app
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
app needs major work. the app is useless, i have to pull out my laptop or wait till i get to my home or office. i would love to use my ipad pro, that i carry everywhere but the app is literally useless!!! please fix asap
super time saver. this is the easiest and quickest way to do books.
. good app, needs to have more functionality, less clicks to use and needs auto log in
. baixei o app porém, a propaganda e 13,99 nos primeiros 12 meses, quando vou comprar o valor passa a ser de 48,99, gostaria de saber k por que? propaganda enganosa de valor realmente ou é erro no app?
. love the app. this does everything i need and more. great how everyone can see the same thing. i do wish they still had customer manager. i need to be able to look up clients by phone number or address.
. usefull and effective. it needs improvement in its mobile features. creating delivery challan and entering gst details while adding new customers isn't available currently. hope to see this feature soon in the app
qb needs to hire a ux person. how convoluted can a simple task be? try quickbooks. or if you value your time, get expensify.
almost there. the developers are working hard at making this the best accounting package for smes. especially ones whose top management actively participates in reviewing reports. great for compact companies. great for hands on ceos. please check other reviews for page organisations and their experience.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
full functionality missing from mobile app.. quickbooks online and the mobile app do not communicate effectively. it's like running two different programs that aren't fully integrated. mobile app lacks time reports and seamless expense invoicing especially in expense details. attempting to add item descriptions to expense reports does not work. there simply isn't a place for it. also, attempting to view a transaction with time, mileage, or reimbursable expenses results in an unable to view prompt. as such the app gets one star.
excellent mix of features, convenience, affordability. provides an excellent combination of easy to use features and convenience for use on mobile devices. software and features are updated regularly. one of the best solutions out there. the only reason i've withheld one star is i'd like to see more affordable packages
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
what a waste. after trying for over an hour to get pass login , it tells me that i don’t have any services. wasted my time. i’ll just use the android version.
a real time saver. as a busy professional, this app helps keep my accounting up to date on the fly. the app is extremely easy to use and updates instantly to my online version of quickbooks. well worth it!
. i like the software however it is still a bit confusing. i will need to spend more time training
. beware anyone cis don't use this use xero being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. i'm stuck till end of tax year then i'm off
perfect. this app does just what i need to stay current with billings and payments.
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
keeps locking up. the app keeps telling me i need to update to the latest version, but i already have it. it won't let me log on. frustrating. please fix or revert back to previous version until glitches are fixed.
. awesome account software
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
. this app has told me there is a temporary problem on and off for approximately the past 12 months. this app is detrimental to my business. please fix asap!
live it a lot. convenient and simple
make thing simple. we work away from the office all the time. q on the smart phone makes that easy. and it has never locked any of phones up. it work great.
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
fantastic software.. i'm very satisfied with the quickbooks software
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
can't login. every time i try to login it says that i don't have an online subscription.
. exceptional experience and great customer service.
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
bs you suck!. h8 it when the bastards don't tell you its a trial. free means free you idiots!
very easy and intuitive. i love how easy quickbooks online makes it the keep up with my invoicing and expenses. whether its on my phone or on the computer i can quickly and easily get the business part out of the way so i can get back to what i love to do.
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix!
. great app
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
. does not show my payroll infopay stub. just doesn't work well on the app : not even on mobile for my samsung s9 using samsung internet or chrome. only works well using a computer or laptop...
greatest app ever. i love the “capture receipt” feature. makes life a whole lot easier.
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
very limited in function. invoice list does not even list invoice #'s. how does junk like this pass qc?
love the app. excellent app just wish you guys would add the ability to turn on quantity while leaving rate off in estimates and invoices
. need to integrate payroll and qb into one app. quickbooks payroll mobile app is not what expected. not sure why employees are not visible in qb's online mobile app.
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
beautiful, so simple.. really great app.
great but how do i renew?. it says i need to renew or pay? i hit ok and try to go to the spot i need to but don't see anything. smthis happened while trying to make someone a receipt in person.
no inventory tracking, no reminder. very disappointed with this no inventory tracking, no reminder for the app no not also for me its pointless quickbooks you better fix it i am cancelling my subscription
great app. this app makes keeping up with everything so simple!
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
. it's super annoying when you need to use it for issuing 1099s, or for anything tax related. it constantly makes me relog even though it's an app, on my phone, which also has a password. very irritating. finally i'm absolutely sick of seeing and hearing their stupid ads all over the place. unfortunately it's the most convenient program available, which isn't saying much, but that's why i didn't give 1 star.
good app. i like simple, this is efficient for my small busines, updates are making the app better. i can recomend it is supper easy to use.
. this app does so much for our new business!):
garbage. this app is junk!! support for this app is useless looks like i will be going back to freshbooks, it may not be a accounting solution but at least it works and i can import my info without manually entering. my business doesn't have time for me to spend hours with support when i need to be taking care of my customers ms support
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
access to qb contacts please. love this app, means i can work while out with the kids. would be better if my phone was allowed access to my quickbooks contacts as my husband adds the contacts and they call before i have chance to add them to my phone.
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
. good and simple
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
***** updated latest.. very useful.
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
"fees on fees. while the app itself works and is fairly handy, i strongly advise against quickbooks as a company. i signed on as a business owner for $6.95 a month and was immediately slapped with over $100 in fees hidden in ""fine print"". worse is the utter inability to get any customer support from intuit. i canceled my subscription and despite already paying for the month, lost access immediately and lost all of my records. then i got billed again. stay away."
. awesome tech support
logo. this is a great mobile app but i wish you could put your own logo on the invoices.
. since the most recent update i cannot see my dashboard or add expenses to my company. fix it. done all diagnostic steps so this update is invalid. galaxy s10+ here
great way to keep up with small business book keeping. in previous years, with my software based quickbooks, i ended up doing most of my neglected books once a year for tax times. with this i do an update on a daily bases and will have do just a little detailing come years end.
nice app..... doesn't function like the website
crashing and signing out. hi there this app continuously crashes saying it needs crucial updates. there are no updates and continues to do the same over and over again. i cannot use it at all now. help.
awesome product for small business!!. unbelievably convenient! from my imac, to my tablet, to my phone i can access, enter payment, send an estimate, or invoice, etc and it’s all connected because i have online quickbooks. hint: go they intuit directly! itunes was charging me an extra $5 a month. $19.99 a month they intuit and worth every penny!! biggest time saver + unsurpassed professionalism to my customers and speed of connectivity!!
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality  i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
great mobile app. allows me to take my business anywhere.
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
. poor customer service. had to change bank account to keep them from billing me
excellent. wonderful app to use. very handy when working out in the field. easy to get on the phone with a live person for any and all questions.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
tons of bugs and glitches. there are lots of glitches and lack of features in this app. the vendor transaction history is spotty, many vendors and missing history all together. profit and loss report doesn’t scroll. can’t see the true checkbook register of checks that are written out but haven’t yet cleared. it’s really not very good.
very beneficial app. this is a very beneficial app. it does not replace the pc version but is an excellent aid. it's helpful to send invoices on the go or at the end of a service call. the sooner the customer pays the more chance you will get paid. as long as you keep things simple it is a very good aid!
a solid program. i like the idea of this application being online because many of my accounts can be updated asap.
. can't access my quick books account from my phone. worked fine for a month now when i need it it doesnt work.
more than convenient, it's necessary. having the app makes it so much easier to do business on the go. you can send estimates and invoices before the client meeting has even ended. efficient and essential!
app crashing ios13. app is crashing in io13
. after new update the app is crashing
scott. i find the app to be a great addition to the desktop version. having access to all invoices and customers through my phone is excellent.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
. this app doesn't do payroll. apparently you can download quickbooks payroll but i couldn't find it. found it online and the google play website said the app is incompatible with all of my 7 different devices. sure this is available in the uk?
easy to use and great features. i moved to quickbooks after trying xero, and find it at least as good for my needs and much better value. good foreign currency support, which is important for me.
time expense and mileage. great product. inconsistent functionality across desktop, iphone and ipad. for us professional service peeps can we have time expense and mileage please!
. works great until about a week ago. now i can't save anything from the app it won't sync basically nothing is working right with the app. i even tried installing it on another android phone and had identical problems. don't bother trying to call customer service they say they have nothing to do with the app and that's it.
. great app! keeps me going while on the go!
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
needs updates. same app. works okay but very limited functionality. i figured since online version was updated they would've made changes here too. disappointed at how's long it's taking qb to add accounting functionality to this app.
quickbooks online plus. loving the new updates with invoice tracking and the ease of excepting credit cards in the app. getting paid is easier and quicker than ever.
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
. this app keeps getting error loading items, to invoice and estimates can't use it. i call them for support and they have no support they referred me to log in on the web site and the same happens the search button flashes and dispensers. don't waste your time and money. if any one know about a good and reliable app let me know. this one is not reliable nor is their support.
. great app
awesome. love this app... i'm about to do a lot of work from my phone.
great but has a long way to go. was so excited to migrate to qbo but now that i'm here, there are so much important elements that are not here  bills payment stub or remittance advise doesnt even have a reference or a check #.
great app. so easy to use.
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
poor. need to put password in every time i start can't write a service invoice and an amount
another year and totally happy!. everything i need to invoice and stay on top of calls is on my phone. update a year later still going strong. no issues or problems so far.
great app. need security code.. the app has lot of confidential data. please add security code to open the app, similar to quicken.
since ios 13 update not working. since ios 13 update not working so frustrating
great app. it's quick and easy to learn. prefect for me.
must have !!!. if you have a business that serves customers and you want to collect payment at time of service or later, you want this software along with its phone apps to do business in the field. your a fool if you don't !!!!
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
payroll done quickly!. love this app!
touch id. the app works well once you've signed in, but the touch id still isn't working properly. you have to sign in manually first. then, it allows you to switch between apps using touch id to sign back in for a while. however, if you sign out completely, it appears you can't use touch id to sign back in again. i thought the whole purpose of touch id was to avoid having to enter your password each time and to increase security.
crashes a lot. generally works okay, but crashes a lot on a 256gb ipad pro. you have to continually save your work to keep from losing everything every few minutes.
seems to work decently. it crashes occasionally but so far i like being able to addmatch transactions while laying on the couch
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
great. perfect app for my business accounts on d go
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
. can't upload receipt photos even when fully up to date
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
touch id. the app works well once you've signed in, but the touch id still isn't working properly. you have to sign in manually first. then, it allows you to switch between apps using touch id to sign back in for a while. however, if you sign out completely, it appears you can't use touch id to sign back in again. i thought the whole purpose of touch id was to avoid having to enter your password each time and to increase security.
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
great app...! (sabre rx). great app, really works well now that the new syc app with square has been released.
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
stay well away!. worst software i have used to date. zero customer service. ignores all complaints. takes forever to load. constant problems. not user friendly.
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!! oh, and the link for support is dead... come on folks, gimme a chance here!!"
love the app but really want the company overview. would give it 5* if i could see the summary view on the app (similar to the web version). i wish it could do everything that the desktop version could do, but i know that isn't always possible.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
not helpful. this app doesn't help me. i get errors every time i try to match or categorize a transaction from my bank. it's useless for me.
pretty good. this app is great. the quickbooks online system is fantastic. essential to running my business.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
drat! not even close. this has no more functionality than the mobile ap, very disappointing! access to the banking tab & registers to make and receive payments, along with access to the entire vendor tab & reporting would be helpful. i am not sure why intuit focused its efforts on creating an app that imports images & info from social networking sites intead of focusing on making better functionality of what it actually takes to run a business.
needs a calendar interface. great app, a clickable calendar link would make it more user friendly. also needs the ability to edit notes on products and services.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
nothing works for me. nothing works for me with this app. if i login using desktop, qbo is ok but when i use the app, there is no information; no clients, no invoices, nothing. the subscription says i have a free trial until 2037. phone support was unsuccessful.
excellent program. we are extremely happy with this program, it has made our company administrators live so much easier.
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
tide business bank not supported :(. i'm rating this 1 star due to there being no support for setting a business account created via tide
great app and fair prices. i do all my business through quick books and have had no major problems. the rates on credit transactions are equivalent to any other clearing house and at $30 a month to automate my process is a life saver. great simple to read reports too.
. connect to banking and reconcile in minutes. email invoices...so no snail mail.
. dashboard does not load. completely useless at this point. cannot invoice, add expenses or write sales receipts.
love the app. wish though we could do the same on the phone i can do on the computer.
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
2 stars. lack feature for canadian user. improved since update. no longer have connectivity problem over 4g. current problem with receiving online payment as i am a canadian user. paid same rate as american user with less but crucial feature. your thoughts developer?
great ui. wonderful companion to the browser based qboonline for reference on the move.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
. i would give at least two more stars if the app actually lets me use my card reader, followed by the lack of automatic syncing and not even using active price rules whenever i need to make an invoice for a particular customer. please fix the card reader settings at least.
really good program. keep up the good work
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
. this app is only a trial version... i downloaded it because i thought it'd be free. talk about click bait!!! smh
. it's a great app. i use it all the time with my company. very efficient, and easy to navigate. automatically logs out so no one else can get access to it ( logs out after being in active for a certain amount of time). making banking, estimate invoice, and employees records very easy to keep track of. also love that i can store customers an accept payment online also. only downside sometimes it can be slow but other than that it's outstanding
demoted from 5 stars to 4. using the app on ipad and iphone for more than 5 years. dashboard has been unable to properly show invoice status for at least 3 months now. version 17.9, at least 3 updates ago? no fix yet nor response from intuit after feedback. while i’m not fond of frequent updates, one expects to have these kinds of obvious bugs fixed in the next update.
nothing adds up. when you run a business you want your numbers correct. i don't have time to troubleshoot why your software can't add a simple paypal balance and leaves transactions out. your fired!
easy to use. its very convenient to be able to run my business on my cell phone
mileage tracking not working. the app works well except for mileage tracking
qb app. not useful as it could be as you can't enter a bill! not being able to enter a bill makes it useless to work from an ipad or tablet device.
. great app trying to start a small business this is very helpful thanks
👌🏼. not a bad app
app ruined. this is getting old. the app seems to be unusable every time an update heads out way. my invoices are showing old data, are not updating to show payments and do not match what is correctly shown in the real online desktop service. please fix , and stop updating prior to testing
great app. this app  software really saves my life.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
why!?!. this app and online program is insanely buggy. every time i try and open the app it takes five or six trys before it loads. once it loads i am satisfied at best with the user experience, but if my internet connection isn't a gig a second the app crashes. i wish i didn't pay for a years worth of service or i would delete it with extreme prejudice.
. great app!
must have !!!. if you have a business that serves customers and you want to collect payment at time of service or later, you want this software along with its phone apps to do business in the field. your a fool if you don't !!!!
no way to record expenses. the app only let you see the info you have but won't let you record or register any expenses
love it. i've used many online accounting platforms and this is far the best. the app is amazing.
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
love the app, but price is too high. i love the app, but when will the price increases stop. as soon as i have time to research other programs i will cancel my subscription. $40 per month is too much to just invoice customers and reconcile my bank statement.
. expenses aren't quite as quick to enter as i'd hoped but way better than the alternative!
great app & program  must improve search engine. fantastic program with brilliant features. it does need some urgent fixes. one being to be able to search through an account such as cash sales and be able to find a name, address or phone number.
qb app is useless. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either.
better than before. i like the ability to record expenses on the fly and take a picture of the receipt. would be better if the smart logic time saving features in quickbooks online were incorporated.
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
crashes with ios 13. just a heads up. when you try to take a picture of a receipt to upload to the account, the app freezes up and you can’t continue on. restarting the app doesn’t work either.
. i was finally able to utilize this valuable resource. it has simplified writing estimates. the more time you invest in filling in your information, the easier and useful this resource becomes. thanks and god bless
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
doesnt seem to work on lg g4. cant even log in to the app.raised it with quickbooks support over a month and we still cant seem to get it working
great app. i've been using qbo for about 6 months and i love it. i own a real estate firm (small scale, 5 agents and below) and quickbooks has saved me a lot of time and helped organize my business.
app need more functionality. it would be great if we can do transfers and journals on the quickbooks app.
limited.. with over 700,000 businesses using your software worldwide, i can't fathom how you could possibly find an excuse to release such featurepoor software! 1.) account management is barely sufficient, and doesn't support creating nested accounts; 2.) there's no way to edit photos of receipts that you take with your camera from the expense entry dialog; 3.) no spanish language support; 4.) no item memory, so i have to manually select the account again every time i enter a split; 5.) no offline support. &gt;:(
great update. now i can record my expenses.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
. buyer beware. you can't cancel your subscription online or through the app like you would with any other subscription service. you have to call them and play phone tag for a while if you decide that this service isn't right for you.
. i love quickbooks online. i've used quickbooks pro for years. am now retired but started a similar but now more relaxed field. i would give everything a 10 star if only you would put a time clock in the app. i would greatly appreciate that. would be so handy when i am on a mobile job.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
don't bother. been using qb desktop for years. disapointed in the sasmobile version. mobile app is slow and frequently fails to load at all. not much functionality at all besides creating invoices. checking account balances or customer ar is not worth the bother on mobile app. this is an ok solution. i bet there are better options available than qb mobile app.
awesome. streamlines my entire business, saves me tons of time, lets me take credit cards, and best of allows me to bill on the spot.
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
quickbooks . . . not so quick.. would like company info on the invoices to be able to email or snail mail them. would also like to be able to change some of the categories in the invoices. not very user friendly.
one step submittal group. very good online software
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
. i thought it was bad three years ago! its much worse now. not user friendly and still doesnt support my form of business. all they really do with this app is track your bank account and catigorise things. you can only catigorise as an expense or income. its the new year and new month and its counting transaction from jan 2019 as transactions from december 2018. i need help. any recomendations on business softwesr that also has tax softwear?
great app. quickbooks has changed the way we do business. as a small business, such tools are so vital for the day to day running of your business. quickbooks has truly been a revelation for us at blink mode recording studio.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
fantastic app in all respects.. i've used quickbooks for over 10 years. it has been great watching them evolve and adapt to the changes in demand and tech. they are ahead of the swell in my opinion
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
. looks good in theory... bit hard to use and not real keen on all the permissions....
love this app!. i can send invoices anytime, anywhere from any device :)
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
. does not work
. i think the software is great
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
need ipad update. the ipad app should be as capable as the desktop version. when are we going to see this? iphone app is pretty stout but the ipad app needs update and soon.
. i use this app for my small business, and it's fantastic everything i need and then some. all in an affordable package,and it's simple to use also.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. not sure why i pay $16 a month for this app when it only works 60% of the time. please get the bugs worked out or i will have find another company to run my business with. cant access my account on tablet, cant save invoice or estimate on s8. please fix.
so very useful!. i run a dog walking business and basically manage my entire business with my s4, this app and a printer. so easy to set up and maintain. i am very happy with quickbooks and would definitely recommend to others.
love it. very simple you use and looks professional, only think i’d say is don’t let your trail run completely out before you buy because it won’t instantly be back up and running takes a few days
crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.. crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.
love it. so easy and convenient to use !
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
disappointed with android app. the pc version is so slick but the android version is very disappointing. as this is cloud based there should be no reason for such limited functionality. where do i enter my expenses when out working? if i had an iphone i would be able to. come on lets have similar functionality to the pc version.
if you’re serious about your business.... if you’re serious about being a business person in the modern era, get familiar with quickbooks and other intuit products. well worth the subscription.
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
. your app is garbage. i've had to reset my password 4 times and have the verification code texted and phoned to me several times and still nothing. thanks for wasting 1 hour of my time that i cannot get back😠😠😠😠😠
quickbooks app is a perfect companion to quickbooks online. quickbooks app is a perfect companion to quickbooks online. it works seamlessly allowing you to read through your transactions and even create most of the common tasks. ( with the exception of vat tasks) qb online is the perfect accounts program
app can’t find our data. we are days into this app not being able to access our data: accounting, banking, billing. access is only available through certain browsers on a laptopdesktop. the support team is friendly and wished me luck.
poor service. stopped connecting to my bank account so can’t link transactions and service and support is terrible and cannot work out why. won’t be using again and will be cancelling.
. useful on the move financial management.
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
. don't fill up your information for free trial it's easy to set up for free trial. they doesn't have options in app for unsubscribe your free trial. you have to reach them every day for unsubscribe your free trial. if you not satisfied from app then start call them before 5days, they will not answer your call till your free trial not get expired. be careful before you sign up.
great app. i use this app every day.
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
poor service, poor quality product. this product is the worst i have had to deal with. service is non existent, the app is constantly in errors, backing up is slow, the system does manual and not by the operator, everytime the + symbol is used it closes the app. my accountant doesn’t even like the system. i have loaded, unloaded and reloaded the app so many times it’s no longer a joke. quick books tells me they fixed the fault, like never.
good. camera to upload receipts is weird. other than that i am new to running a business and this program is helping a lot to keep organized. i think it is also going to help when taxes come around and make that a lot simpler and less scary also.
. can't log in why won't it let me sign in? this is awful! please fix quickly!!
kerry pabian. are you kidding me !!! app is crashing on my ipad since the update ! why do you always do updates right before its time to do billing ?
very handy  will stop the boss bugging me!. good app for the boss to have. super easy to check on customers invoices overdue etc. would like to see timesheet daily activity integration please  perhaps with a contollable daily multiple nag me to enter times feature? with timesheet integration i could roll this out to other staff :) cheers!
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
disappointed. just dont think its up to the invoicing apps others are. need to be able to add pdf attachments from the app. others can.
qb rocks. this is a great app to stay on top of your business while on the go. whether in the office, at home, or on vacation, make sure your payables and receivables match.
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
"fees on fees. while the app itself works and is fairly handy, i strongly advise against quickbooks as a company. i signed on as a business owner for $6.95 a month and was immediately slapped with over $100 in fees hidden in ""fine print"". worse is the utter inability to get any customer support from intuit. i canceled my subscription and despite already paying for the month, lost access immediately and lost all of my records. then i got billed again. stay away."
love it. my entire business is conducted through my iphone. thanks qb for making life so easy!!! greatest app for any small business, hands down!!!
easy and effective. very easy and convenient, would just like if they add the ability to create a purchase order to suppliers from the app.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
excellent!!. i find the app useful when i need it most. i enjoy the ability to add an expense at any time. sales receipts are handy. basically everything i really need without requiring a ton of space on my phone.
. really slow compared to desktop
help desk is horrible. please hire someone who either speaks english or will transfer your call to someone who can when directed to do so no fewer than 5 times. pathetic.
. alittle tricky to learn but works well and makes running a buisness much easier.
. great but sometimes invoices lock with the inability to edit unless opened with a different device.
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
love this app. the app links straight to your computer so you can send quotes, invoices etc on the move. this is a great small business tool at a great price.
love it!. why have i wasted time on quickbooks when i could have been using the online version! so much easier to use.
date range. how do i change the date range on the dashboard?
. i've been using this for my business for 5 years. i love it because i csn do it on my phone through the app and desktop! it is also easy to collect and sibmitt all my tax info at tax time. works for me, easy to learn, and reliable.
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
just couldn't create an account. not sure what the issue is but it keeps encountering some problems everytime i try to create an account. never got past that stage. so it's no use to me if i can't create an account to get started.
must have app for any business!. easy, fast, comprehensive and dependable. makes the handling of my business a breeze.
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started.
four years of online qb. qb has simplified my life, given me access to billing for my clients on my cell phone and made it super easy to process transactions. i'm also able to allow my bookeeper, cpa and salesperson access to the areas they need. the only thing that would make it better would be having the ability to print transaction reports for vendors like we can for customers.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. my accountant said everything going digital. use this on lap top no problem. but it wont even open on my phone! not great when out and about trying to get payments in while running a business! oh and paying for this... service?? not happy
. makes live a lot easier
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
lacks expenses. one of the handiest things for me is logging an expense right when i buy it. can't do this as of now. (apparently this is a limitation of the canadian app)
. very nice. easy to manage your business on the go.
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
bugs galore. i hvae been using this app now for 4 years and it is the buggiest app i have ever used. there are times where the app works flawlessly, and when it does it is a great tool, however this is a small percentage of the time. i would not recommend using the online version to anyone using the desktop version. the worst thing about the app is that you cannot transfer the content to the desktop version for mac.
. having a business that is mobile and takes cash payments this app is brilliant. can't find a way to automatically assign mileage to each sales receipt... that would be invaluable!
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
this makes business owner life that much easier. i love this app, intuit is the best period. i also have mint app but this is easier for me as a business owner as weird as it may sound
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
won’t load in ios 13. need an update. ios 13 crashes. won’t load.
ability to do transfers. good app just wish i could do transfers between my bank accounts the same as the online version.
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
. this app sucks. it has stopped working and often displays incorrect information. it's super annoying. only the desktop works.
shoameli. very good for my company on the go i have all i need maybe a catalog will be even better!
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. very disappointed, missing 6 months of transactions from my bank, tried to fix it as i was instructed to but couldn't, you can't get someone to speak to, no customer service. big joke, i don't recommend it to anyone
i’m loving quickbooks. quickbooks makes life so much easier! thank you so much!
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
crashes. constantly crashes and doesnt work as promised.
user. the best accounting app ever!
actually professional now. i was using word to create invoices, then excel to keep track of when they were paid. now it's all done in one place and even sends a professional looking invoice to my clients! i should've moved to quick books long ago!
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
. and using quickbooks desktop for 15 plus years. the online version makes a lot of activities more convenient. overall good experience
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the ipad and iphone is useless.
. great app. i have had excellent customer service experiences.
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
. this app really is useless. i'm having to manually input all of my banking transactions because it never feeds in the real time info as it should. the layout is counter intuitive and frustrating to use. it's like they've made the app but never done any testing or had any feedback on how they can improve it and make it user friendly. my books are an incoherent mess at the moment, this app is supposed to make things easier but it's awful.
great app. just need a bit more of the functionality of the full site. like the time activity bit. account balance updating would be good to.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
very disappointed. there is very little you can actually do with the app.. not impressed am canceling the account.
love quickbooks. it's so easy and makes doing business sooooo much easier!
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
more than annoyed..... new update: 8916, still have to enter my password every time i open the app. touch id or app pin what is that??? 🤔 this is so annoying.... especially in front of customers!! tired of wasting my time. i've deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail. it appears you guys are never going to get it right....
. awesome app, makes management easy
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
signing out.... ugh this app keeps signing me out in the middle of my work.. please fix this soon.
"enjoying quickbooks online. easy to use interface and they are frequently updating features. my only complaint is that sometimes when searching for sent invoices it won't recognize, for example 74, when it's ""invoice 2015074"""
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
missing features. it would great if it could read data from receipts and auto fills the fields. i can't get my clients to use the app, because re silt entry is too cumbersome. reports are lacking.
quick books makes my life easier!. doing estimates and sending invoices is easier then ever!
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
absolutely inconsistent. probably the worst app i had on my phone. i have deleted it. it gives incorrect, inconsistent notifications. it’s completely useless to access certain parts of qbo. how incredibly unfortunate that intuit can’t build an app that can compare with the advances made in qbo.
. the best part for me is the ability to create and email an invoice then recieve payment all from my smartphone.
good app for business owners. i think the app does a good job with tracking expenses and billing. as a whole i think there may be better programs out there. do you research before signing up.
. app crashes all the time
. excellent apps my enire business requirements are depending on the this app
. i'm getting an error code when i try to click on mileage trips and assign them business or personal. works on desktop but not in phone. other than that it's easy to assign categories for transactions and separate business from personal.
. app no longer works at all. i've tried uninstalling & reinstalling nothing. i've left emails for qb to contact me regarding this and no response. not looking good for them right now
cool app. very convenient, i'm yet to use it to its fullest, but i love the way it alerts me to payments i need to make or should have received. very happy.
efficient. does all the work, and reminds me to collect on overdue invoices. i love it! not very expensive either!
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
amazing. east, fast and quick to learn. highly recommended
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
meh... large app, slow and expensive. looks nice but loading times are slow and not all sections display properly on a phone.
quickbooks online mobile. wonderful app to allow access from anywhere, from any device. i especially appreciate the increased usability from mobile devices. i did not have to lug my laptop on vacation, but was still able to stay in touch, and function as needed.
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
brutal support and comparability. currently looking for another accounting solution. the intentional limitations and total lack of cooperation with the support team leads me to the opinion that all positive reviews are fake. epic fail intuit.
. mostly good. i have accidentally send invoices before they are ready.
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
. app opens, prompts to upgrade, no upgrades available. repeat. please make sure the upgrade is 100% released to the play store *before* forcing users to upgrade.
very good app.... i truly love this app! it permits me to oversee my business' financial condition in real time. i use the qbo plus, it would be nice if it had more of the options present in qb premium for consultants. the project management and customer billing customization would make this an even better app.
learning curve and then it's awesome.. takes some getting used to but i've now got it and it's actually very useful and easy to use. integration between my pc and iphone make it easy on the go and sitting at home. estimates, invoices & expenses all in one app.
app not working  version 4.3.3. app not able to connect. consistently showing ‘temporary unavailable'
. very easy to use. let's me print legal invoices on the go. can also provide quotes and estimates.
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
. since the update can't add trips for mileage. app was working perfectly before the update. app won't allow addresses to be added like before. why not just leave well enough alone?
nice app.
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
". takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo. unable to sync with my data through app, after 3 days of ""engineers working on it"" (or are they off on the weekend even though your problem started onba friday?)"
awesome. i love how simple it is to create an invoice on the go. this app is definitely essential for any small business owner.
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
if it wasn’t broken, it would be much better.. when i launch this app on any of my devices, i get an error in the app that says “unable to get all of your quickbooks data pull down to refresh your page.”
. easy to navigate! great app!
not bad. could use improvements but will get by in a pinch when you don't have access to your main computer. 82317 update 1 year later..... my review stands. too many things you can't do compared to full version on my desktop mac computer.
starting with errors. i am just starting my beekeeping business and trying to track expenses. quick books somehow has me making a $164 sale. i can't erase it because it doesn't exist. would love it but can't reconcile the books if random numbers are calculated out of thin air!
. best cloud based accounting software
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
offres aux nouveaux clients. je suis client depuis le début nous avons eu beaucoup de problèmes au lancement, le support était moyen... aujourd'hui il y a beaucoup d'offres pour les nouveaux clients mais rien pour les clients fidèles. et une fois en place... impossible ou presque de partir et d'exporter ses données pour un logiciel sans abonnement. le produit est désormais fonctionnel et agréable mais cher pour une petite compagnie.
. easy to use and my accountant recommended it highly.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
worst application on the planet. i think quickbooks itself as a company intuit. needs to reevaluate their customer service as well as their applications. nothing from them ever seems to work properly nor will you ever get anybody on the phone who knows how to use the software. i would strongly recommend another piece of software don't waste your time with this crap
. qbo much improved over original launch product, and tge app has brought qbo up.to date. i love the ability to upload receipts tgat immediately sync with qbo and match to vendorsexpenses. qbos ability to have multiple ysrs working simultaneously is huge . realtime collaboration with my bookkeeper and accountant is now easy. no more thirdparty file sharing apps and concerns about version control. with the app i can now monitor financials on the fly. highly recommend!
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
no longer works with ios 13. i just updated to ios 13. the app now crashes immediately after it tries to launch my company. i tried reinstalling it but no luck. please fix this asap!
. good app
. think it is great to a point. having trouble posting a sales receipt. can't get to my comp. wanting and needing more.
app
. great app. makes it easier to run my business
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
app does not support multicurrency. it’s 2018. apps have been around for quite a while now. if your qbo account has multiple currencies enabled, you can’t use this app for banking. seriously, wtf?
"a great tool for accountants. this online version for my phone & ipad has come in so handy to check client info on the go...as well as categorize waiting transactions while i am out and about. i still use the qbo version on my laptop for ""major"" work. but being able to see things while i am out of the office is super helpful!!"
. i installed it on my cellphone but wasn't installed because of insufficient storage. so what i did was to delete some apps on my phone. when i tried to install it again to the phone it won't work because the said phone now cannot be access because it's now not highlighted in this quickbook apps
. really hard to un subscribe , cheep get what you pay for ...
. this app has made tracking my expenses a breeze , now i don't have a big pile of receipts because i enter everything as i go
great for start ups. i am wanting to know if it has been considered for users to use their finger print as an option other than the password to sign in on the app?
"getting there. qb online is a great service, but slightly glitchy. the app however just gives me an error message when i tap ""banking"". that's the most important feature!!!"
. user friendly, simple to use.
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
won't sign in, incorrect subscription error.. like the title says, can't login tells me my subscription may have expired. i can log in through website easily.
love this app tho. 😘👌👍👏😊♡✔
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
error!. somthing isn’t working and there is no support from the developer online :
. very useful app...you've got all you need to grow your business..
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
too many problems entering expenses. he expenses are not taking the payee. i had to switch to desktop to enter the expenses with the payee. hopefully quickbooks will address it.
confusing. the guidance on using the app and getting the most from it is not very good  for someone starting out like me, i'm struggling with this.
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
. problems sending invoices. update to customers from ipad doesn't always work. other issues. still a good app.
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses.
. decent it's ok for adding expenses... but account balances are significantly lacking... i.e. non existent! must have!
. the app works good.....when it works. but it freezes often......and when theres a technical issue it takes 45 days for them to resolve the issue. wasnt what i expected at all from quickbooks.
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
i am discussed with your country list. you have palestine listed. it is not even a country. israel is where i live. i will be blasting this all over the web and deleting this app from my phone. thank you for your reply but again, palestine does not exist. it hasn't since 1948
great app. very happy we use if for all our companies and recommend to our clients
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
. i am not happy they changed my mailing address in my invoices with out my authorization. my payments are been delay. not happy with them right now
great app for business.. a ++ must have app
". we really like quickbooks online. it works nice but, the android phone and apple ipad apps still need some work. while functional in some things, overall app needs improved. we still use it, only when absolutely necessary, not a go to thing. my rating will change to 10 stars when  ""if"" they update these apps. but qb in general, love it!"
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
. best app
no bills. has great functions except cannot enter billsinvoices from vendors.
. ever since update the app doesn't work & my clients constantly complain about it. especially as it was a feature that sold the software to them in the first place! please sort it out!
. nice app, would be 5stars but seem unable to wages
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
"rubbish. ""run your entire business""  what a joke. this app is pretty useless to do anything. quickbooks is already hard to use and this just doesn't help."
take time to learn it. be patient
. i wish this was a completely free app.
you need to purchase one per company. if you own multiple companies this software may not work for you. unless you rather pay double and in my case triple for each software per company. highly disappointed and no one that would solve it. regretfully invested.
intelligent design. it's easy to use in any form either on your computer your phone or your mobile tablet, make your job easier
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
for the money this app is terrible. this app does not seem to sync in real time. for example an invoice setup on online quickbooks does not show here. even the customer that was added online. for a large company making millions of dollars on these products it is not only unacceptable but it is also fundamentally wrong
great costumer service. i hope that they improve the app but so far so good. very satisfied with the product.
small business. way to complex and slow going to make a new invoice for a new customer on the fly
many tech issues  poor customer support. after weeks of connecting to my bank account and importing my transactions automatically, the app decided to stop doing that. customer service was not helpful. also the reporting capabilities and graphics are very limited.
good app. this app and software can help you track y control all your business data, in one and easy way!
where is the payroll functionality?!?!. the app seems to intentionally not include payroll functionality, that’s what i need most! f
lame and useless. don’t waste your time punching in a bunch of data only to have limited access to reports and editing. total bs.
. great app
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
. app data is never accurate. i hate to login via mobile web to get accurate numbers. misleading and frustrating
quickbooks. excellent software. easy to use both at home and on the go with mobile device.
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
jp contractor. great app for full business functionality and ease of use. price is a a bit high
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
why isn't app as easy to use as actual online. the online version is so much easier to navigate. i don't like that the app and the online version have things in different places. it makes it much harder to locate things. i would rather have one streamlined version to use on all devices.
. love the new update. need mobile po creation now please.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. i have tried the thrial for my buisness and found it projected profits higher than actual and expenses that didn't match up regardless to synching it to accounts like square or my bank. if this is the trial then im not sold. if i had turned this apps inaccurate projections into the irs they'd audit the hell out of me. ill stick to good old fashion analog style accounting thank you.
simple and easy. simple and easier to use than the desktop version and everything is accessible anywhere you go.
. can't log in why won't it let me sign in? this is awful! please fix quickly!!
. am trying to login, wont let me, technical problems. i have all my expenses in there...
so far i love it. i was apprehensive at first. my son insisted i try it. he was right; it's actually easier on my phone than my pc.
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
great app but missing some key functions. i've used qb online for a year now and its a great service. the app allows me to invoice and record pymts immediately, however i cant seem to enter expenses. if i could do that it would get 5 stars.
accounting. best program for my business. great access and easy to use.
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
great. great app
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
i love this better than their computer program!!!!. i love this app better than my computer program they have, it's easier to use & easier to track your expenses & sales. i recommend this to all my friends that basically run their business out of a vehicle saves on extra work when you get home.
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
. okay but needs expenses option like on iphone. i justed switched from iphone and ios and am really bummed out you can't enter expenses: checks paid, credit card, or cash transactions. this is available on ios already why is this still not ready for android?
أفضل برنامج محاسبة للشركات الصغيرة. من أفضل برامج المحاسبة سهولة في الإستخدام إصدار الفواتير إصدار إيصالات إستلام المبيعات مركز بيانات للعملاء إصدار تقارير شهرية وسنوية جميع النشاطات حساب الميزانية العامة للشركة مزامنة البيانات مع حسابك إمكانية الدخول من الكمبيوتر الشخصي  ماك  ويندوز وغيره الكثير شكراً لكم على هذا البرنامج الرائع
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
need improvement. it needs improvements so dont download untill it has updated
great product!. i'm good at what i do for a living, but i am not an accountant and i needed help keeping the financial end of my business on track. this product is easy to use and is everything i needed!
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
literally crashes every time i try to enter a sale.. great for tracking expenses but useless for processing and tracking sales. very disappointed.
. am loving it makes my life so much easier
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol.
nice app!. i live on my device  from research to book keeping. elegant style and useful! i can do almost everything from my note 2! light years beyond the old quick books that i used 10 years ago! i'm sending invoices in minutes. awesome! update: still a great app on my nexus 6!
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
no chart of accounts or banking. poor version. no access to chart of accounts, registers, or online banking.
cool app. very easy to use
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
would be great if…. this app would really be a great app if it woukd have all the functions as on the pc. for exsample i wanted to issue an invoice with a different currency, and the app blocked it and sent me to the pc. so for what is this app good if we have to go to the pc for almost each transaction?
. it's good app , little bit negative about the help desk of qb , i had requested lots of time for some query but noboday can answer.
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
"crash. all looks great until i press ""start your free trial""... crash and close. please fix this and i will change my review. not a great start..."
great. efficient. user friendly.. really enjoying having this app option for my business. absolutely loving quickbooks intuit online!! really like it can upload photos of receipts. my only suggestion would be to allow photos to be upload to an itemized bill. thank you.
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
should have been ready for io13. i waited patiently while running the io13 beta & this app not working. but now that the official io13 public release is available i have to give this 1 star, 0 if i could. the app just crashes!! quickbooks, you should have had your app ready way before this public release.
saves time = saving money. great way to save time in keeping track of your business expenses and income. worth every penny for me saves me about 48 hours a week in managing my books and business.
. great with some improvements would be nice if invoice generated from app had the pay online link like the invoices i send from computer. is there a setting that i need to change to activate this feature?
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so.
. easy navigation, easy access to invoices
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
charge for an expense???. can't even include an expense on an invoice. rubbish !!!!
very easy and convenient!. i love having the mobile app. it makes it easy to enter transactions on the spot without having to stop and open up my computer to login.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
terrible wont setup after 3weeks. don’t even waste your time with this. they keep giving you barriers to setting up payroll and when you meet the criteria they inputting errors in your account. the end result is you paying for a service you’ll never receive
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
it desont sync. disappointed it desont sync with qbo, tried the settings to refresh the data but still no luck!
. very user friendly
. using this app had help me reduce the time required to prepare my client account significantly from months to just weeks. some from 23 years backlog to weeks. i can use the time saved for other aspects of my client business.
cannot sign in with new update. i can’t sign in. keeps telling me my information is wrong even after resetting the password.
on way my home. thanks
useful app. adds a lot of useful abilities to your mobile device. i'm not a heavy user of it, but i have not had issues with it for months using the basic features.
"problems. this app will not let me save an invoice, it always says ""this number already exists"" no matter which number i add. only started the error on the 301112, please fix."
. having a business that is mobile and takes cash payments this app is brilliant. can't find a way to automatically assign mileage to each sales receipt... that would be invaluable!
. i am doing my husband's billing for his company, since it was taking so much of his time. since this not my 'real' job, this app makes it easy do billing and record payments from any device at any time. thank you!
crashing. i’ve had constant trouble with this app crashing on me off and on for months. now it doesn’t work at all, even after i deleted the app and redownloaded it. no one can help me.
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
crashes. it now crashes. tried several times. updated everything. looked at website  no help. very disappointed, we pay good money for this.
. great app
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
. easy to use. great app. just wish it was a little cheaper. thanks
. please provide bluetooth printer print option for receipt print
didn't work on my phone. doesn't set up on galaxy s7
great app. fantastic app. does everything i need to run my business on the go.
. really need to be able to create a purchase order using the app
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
love it. still can't enter bills. bills are strangely missing. can do expenses. otherwise very nice program on my phone!
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
missing key functions. whilst i understand this is a mobile app, even the qbo version lags behind in key functions from its desktop predecessors, all of which intuit has had ample time to upgrade to fully integrated functionality. intuit needs to put full functionality above the profit margin and put customers above dollars.
amazing. very powerful program.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
. awesome app
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. no good for basic simple book keeping and way to complicated. why would you trust a group of app developers will your banking details
. very easy to work with and always someone to help you if problems occur
easypeasy. this was the first software that made perfect sense for my social media management and marketing company! i'm unclear why there are so many complaints. i have had no problems or unrealistic acceptance.
terrible, embarrassing. after purchasing and downloading the app, it worked fine on day 1. tried to open it and show it off...it would not open. the next day, i gave it another chance. i successfully created an invoice template and then tried to edit a service. the app then froze. i will obtain a full refund and never give this another look.
. great app.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
user friendly. i can keep track of and operate my business from my phone. love it!
"send payment receipt function missing. i click ""payment"" to accept money from customer. but it don't have send payment receipt function in my android app, which this function available in browser version."
. can't do payroll, can't edit a register, come on intuit, $600 a year and this is your app!
great for my small business. getting used to generating invoices and managing the books. perfect for me.
can’t upload receipts. it’s incredibly ridiculous that you can’t upload receipts from anywhere but your photos app. what if you get emailed an invoice? nope can’t upload it!
. the creator of this app is a known sex offender
wow!. really cool app! it's linked on all my device! i can make invoices on my phone and send it to my clients directly from email! cool stuff!
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
glaring omissions. this would be a decent app if it could do the very basics of the online version, but it can' track mileage or track hours. why?????
. it a great accounting program. i just wish you could do more from the app with out having to go online
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. lacks customization features
does everything i need.. if i could see my outstanding bills on the dashboard, i would say it was perfect. but even though qb have chosen not to include this requested feature, i am still happy to recommend.
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
. how do i unsubscribe
great app. coming from using xero for my accounting software, i can say this app and platform as a whole is far more superior. i would recommend to anyone to switch to quickbooks.
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck."
outstanding accounting software. perfect for sme's. enter bills and invoices on the go including taking photos of your receipts and signatures for invoices. absolutely outstanding accounts package, i couldn't recommend it more, well done intuit!
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile i am a paid version user and i am pc login all options are work properly but mobile apps issue i have made complete 4 tims in call center but agent ask me team work this issue
great for attaching receipts, not for entering expenses. i love being able to take photos of invoices and receipts and directly attach them to the expense. however, i am unable to add expenses because the app does not have access to my accounts or categories. if there was even a save as a draft option, i would give this a 55. however, i am not able to save any input if i can’t add the account or categories.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
keeps crashing. crashes every time i try to delete an item from an invoice i’m creating.
. east to use
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
no multi currency in app. there is no multi currency function in the ipad app making it useless for entering overseas travel expenses.
good app. this is excellent for small businesses the only thing i think they should add is a quick way of entering vat on mileage money.
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
time saver!. this app has decreased the amount of time i used to spend in the office by 75%! it's intuitive and the support is fantastic. a great investment for my small business. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden.
very slow. this app is very very slow.. 10 minutes to load , another 10 minutes to load customer screen, and 15 minutes to apply 1 payment
". app for android stinks. only loads a few visible parts and if you try to update an invoice, originally entered on the desktop, it will ""zero out"" the parts not found on the app (causing invoicing discrepancies). ayou also can't upload attachments to invoices (which i use frequently in my business). until intuit can make their app consistent with the desktop version it is unusable for mobility."
simple to use. easy to use and cuts out all the paperwork and spreadsheets
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
. we just started our own business loving this for estimates on the go!!
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
not happy. when i first got the app i fell in love i had problems with the desktop version , with the bank option on the online version which you removed i was able to log in my transactions very quickly , i would appreciate it if you would please bring back the bank option in the menu asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
great app. keeps my business organized
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
. no option to cancel subscription! don't subscribe!
the best app thus far.. i use this for my business and it was a blessing in disguise. thanks qb for helping me organize my books.. even my accountant was impressed.
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
. stop asking for feedback every 5mins when i try to get stuff done. what the hell is wrong with you people designing this feedback bullshit system?
awesome app. great app to compliment the web based quickbooks program, made my accounting tracking and hassles a thing of the past.
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
crap!. can't create an invoice in the app that has cis? really? why not? so i can't do my invoices on the go?! rubbish app rubbish system! use another programme!
different. this is so different than qbo that it renders itself useless. i cannot rely on it for any accurate information. the only feature that is good is the receipt capture.
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
almost useless. if you are hoping for his app to at least somewhat mimic the full version you will be greatly dissapointed. basic functionality, like looking at a register or your accounts payable is missing. basically the only thing it is good for is looking at your accounts receivable.
. great app. makes quoting and billing a breeze.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
. i'm getting sick of this app real fast it comes tr manly crashes i try calling the 1800 number and nothing
. best app to have to keep updated!!!!
great compared to alternatives. could use more options available though the website (like inventory management, receiving payments to elsewhere than undeposited funds etc)
. i've been using quickbooks for a few years. it's been great. but lately i haven't been able to access old invoices or quotes. very inconvenient for past work that we've done. now i'm having a huge issue with latest data not syncing to my device and can't even get into my account. things should be getting better not worse. i've consulted with customer service which hasn't helped either.
. simple and easy to use
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
n entendi nd. tenho 17 anos, nao entendi nd, sou burra ou esse app é ruim? talvez a primeira opção, mas de qq forma n gostei
indispensable. as a mobile tutor, and entrepreneur  recent business owner, this app more than pays for itself in the value it brings. i'm always on the go it seems, and my business comes with. makes accounting, etc a breeze!!!
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
easy to use. look, read a lot of the reviews and people are expecting their own accountant with this program. it does what is needed to keep your finances in order. if you want 4 ,ill ion graphs to impress and be bigger then you are....go hire a team. great product, easy to use, tracks everything for me, keep my books straight, and recommend it to everyone.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
. purchased app following welcome link from qb online thinking they would integrate and work together seamless, not so totally separate and no vat invoicing. cancelled same day billed for a month.
great support. i love the support you can get when having difficulty or when trying to find a more efficient way of doing things. i just wish i could load more than one photo at a time as i often attach 3 or 4 before and after photos and that is very time consuming.
not useful yet. it is okay to check open balances and receive payments, but other than that, there is little functionality. qboa continues to improve, so i expect this app will improve as well.
was awesome my nexus is not supported!. this is what i've been waiting for for years. 10 out of 5 stars if i could. but since my mobile decide is not supported.... hate to say it but worthless!
convenient, fast at a glance with limited functionality. this is a nice compliment to the full web app. i can get a quick on the go look at my books but would love to see more functionality for time sheets, payroll and reports.
decent. not as full featured as website
. with the new update my other user can't track miles when i rely on him to do it, completely useless update that changed the user settings.
. this software has been critical in keeping track of invoices.
logo. is it possible for me to add my company logo when i issue out invoices?
. can not login. spins for 20 minutes till i force close it.
great fing app!!. i love this app, everything syncs over so well from the web version. it's very simple to use and makes my job a hell of a lot easier!!
. it would be good to be able to save pdf receipts downloaded to my mobile straight onto the app. all i can do just now is take a screenshot.
poor payroll and after service tech support.. been waiting months to try and sort it out. hours on the phone. not worth the energy anymore. looking at zero as a worthwhile option. regret being tricked into the cheap price. pay peanuts you get monkeys.
app like. blue
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
. info lost. i was using the service for my business last year and started in march. in november the app crashed. when it did all my saved receipts mileage and info was lost. i can't even login any longer. when i called they said there is no support for the app except online. so i cant even speak to a rep. so all my info gone and i'm still being charged for a year and a half now for a service that never existed.
. as someone who is constantly on the go, i have minimal access to a desktop computer. this app makes it easy to invoice and record payments right from my phone whether i can make it to the office or not
getting better.... last used this bout a year ago. i dunno if it's me or the app but it seems much more intuitive now.
struggle. guys i've been struggling to log in onto this app from my galaxy s6 for several weeks now, i'm considering switching to another provider. please fix this bug. ive tried for hours at a time, everytime it asks me if i am a robot, but it never logs in just hours of saying signign in. the whole point of having this app is being able to do stuff on the go and right now thats not working...
. simple. easy to use. reliable. 5 stars all around.
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
how do i remove this app from my iphone?. i do not want to use thus app and now i cannot uninstall it from my iphone. l try by holding the icon and get a message asking if i want to share it. does not show in my settings so i cannot delete it there either. can't find online help.
simply the best. so simple to use and makes more time free for myself
easypeasy. this was the first software that made perfect sense for my social media management and marketing company! i'm unclear why there are so many complaints. i have had no problems or unrealistic acceptance.
cannot hours for. it verified my account by text message, and had my phone number on file on my account. won't let me use it because i don't have an account..?
great app. i wish there was a way we could charge credit cards that are already on file
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
. used to work perfect ever since update it's very unreliable. can't log into app reliably. it often locks me out right when i'm standing in a customer's house trying to invoice them or locks me out when i need to go through my client list for a phone number etc. i suggest you consider competitors software until the app becomes stable again.
it's a win. if your a small business like me, this app is a must.
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
can’t create pos in app. wish i could create pos in the app. we use qb online with shopify. i can only create a po to send to my distributor from my desktop. i am often away from my desktop, in order to send a p.o. from my phone i have to log on to the regular online edition through safari. i cannot use the app as i need it to function.
. ok. new version is better, but still lacks supplier feature. good for easy transaction...have to use web for more complicated stuff. good app! no complaints other that it obviously ment for the simpler side of the accounting management equation. good design, have high hopes for more features in the future.
. good app but it's annoying that i have to remove and reinstall the app for almost every update that's released.
. if i invoice a client and they mail check or hand me a check or give me cash i cannot record income unless they pay online bank transfer or credit card. so i cannot accurately. so this app is useless. and horrible client management. also need to be online no offline input. also i cannot merge to qb app each charge 9.99 month. cannot merge date as qb has better customer tracking. also neefs time tracking for jobs
superbe app!. qbook me facilite la tâche (pour ma part, la comptabilité est un fardeau) dans le fait de garder un œil sur les chiffres de mon entreprise . allezy!
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
. worked fine until they updated the app, now does not work at all, can't even find my account, worthless
love this app!. i actually find this easier to use than the desktop version.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. it works only ok. if there was a better 3rd party app, i'd use it. most of the time i'm frustrated using this app. either buttons don't work, attachments don't save, or some other random instability. i want to do more with the app and i want it to work every time. the design is questionable too. why are things labled differently than in the full version?
great app!. i love this app for the ease of use for my clients and me.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
buggy. app has been very buggy. for a few months i lost the ability to add expenses and not every time i click on home the app closes. using brand new iphone 7.
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
easy here, hard there. you can tell this is more for business that need to create invoices more than purchase orders. desktop as well. i’ll give 4 stars when they add a po feature to the app.
. hated it, warning, stay away. it mess up my quickbook online, duplicate everything, customer service promise to contact me, never happened. service bad. do not waste your time downloading. app version is useless, synchronization keep duplicates my receipts, and much more issues. stay away from quickbooks app. still not fix customer support ain't helping either, because is a third party app....
good app. it's a easy app to use.
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
good for basics, missing key items for on the go. the app does the basics, but i typically run into issues getting exactly what i need. have to use the full online version for truly running the business
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. this app has one major flaw in my view. my bank transactions do not update unless i go through the website and update it there. this is probably the only reason i have this app. this is very annoying and i have contacted quickbooks about this issue and they are not helpful. they tell me to go to the website and update it there! would be a great app if they fix this issue.
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
. worthless program. i am a quickbooks pro advisor and user for 20 years. this just does not work well and there are better applications out there.
can't creat po, and no calendar. cant creat po on ipad, and no calender,
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money and it's also good for on site reference
great app but one major flaw. overall this is a fantastic app that allows me to keep up on my books. there is one thing that is extremely annoying though.. the camera and auto crop feature is terrible! please don't assume my images need to be cropped because the tool cuts off the image most of the time. maybe make this optional?
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
power super app. superb..safe my time
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. app does not launch on my phone
awesome i just need to learn to use it. its awesome i love it but im new to it so i have a little bit of trouble using some of the features but im sure i will get the hang of it with time n experience
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
not complete functionality.. this app doesn't have the full functionality of the website, so when i'm on my tablet, i just use the website instead of the app.
super. idéale pour les entreprises de services étant souvent hors du bureau. facile d'utilisation et très complet. accessible via pc, mac, iphone, ipad et sous androïde également. quickbooks en ligne est tout simplement génial.
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
. i'm having trouble getting this app to download to my tablet everytime i try it tells me its already downloaded but to my phone? can i only download on one device? thanks nell
. wonderful excellent program. does wonderful for my small business
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
. if i could give it a half star i would. i have a customer who paid me a week ago through my invoice and it still hasn't reached my account how can i run my business if my money wont be put into my account?
great app. i love this app. it's very helpful and easy to use. keeps everything organized and in order easy to look up at any time. i highly recommend it for all small businesses. it will definitely make your life a lot easier.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
security update  unable to sign in. since the security update for sign in features i'm unable to sign into my account using the app.. defeats the purpose of having it aug 23, 2016  just redownloaded the app and have full access once again. oct 20, 2016  unable to select cash, check or credit account to pay an expense.
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
40 min on hold with customer support. the app works fine, but 40 minutes on hold with customer support? not so much.
knoxville premier painting. iit is a great app
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
crashes!. just crashes every time on ios 13
. easy to use, simple and the lack of paper is a plus
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
. fairly easy to use for quick access. i use the online version to enter expenses and income.
great for start ups. i am wanting to know if it has been considered for users to use their finger print as an option other than the password to sign in on the app?
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
. this app is making my life life much easier!
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
. this app is rubbish. it doesn't do the single thing you'd think was necessary using phone camera to take photo of receipt to attach to transaction.
works well on samsung note 2 & 4. i used the app mainly to create invoices when i'm out of the office. it's so awesome to be able to do this on the fly!
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
ok software. constant downloading of data and password reauthentication really slows down work. larger your business the longer it takes. you’d think with sas, would be much better. looking for opportunity to jump off.
ability to do transfers. good app just wish i could do transfers between my bank accounts the same as the online version.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
new receipt identification is much worse. the new version of the identification of receipts when taking a picture to upload to an expense is much much worse than the previous implementation. this version hasn’t worked accurately once in 30+ pictures, whereas the old version worked accurately 90%+ of the time. how does this stuff get through testing...? :
. great app for small business
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
. great app helps my business run smooth and never miss invoices
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
fairly useless. this app is difficult to navigate. it doesn't come close to mimicking qbo for pcs. the functionality is very limited. it's ok for looking up some things but difficult to update info such as logging checks or deposits.
. great app for my business, and very simple for first timers
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
purchased but won’t work.. i can not contact customer service to save my life!! i purchased this after my trial but it won’t acknowledge that i have. very upset and frustrated!!!
quickbooks. excellent software. easy to use both at home and on the go with mobile device.
a solid program. i like the idea of this application being online because many of my accounts can be updated asap.
. app is crashing. also, when it does log in successfully, it doesn't remember my state from previous login. it needs to downloads stacks of data all over again.
. great app for individual
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
. since the update can't add trips for mileage. app was working perfectly before the update. app won't allow addresses to be added like before. why not just leave well enough alone?
owner. app is a great convenience
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
"not useful at all. disappointing that it comes with the name ""quickbooks"" yet it doesn't actually allow you to really do that much. you can't run reports, check accounts, etc."
. love it, used quickbooks 2013 before this and so far i like the features this has better seems easier to use
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
...and now it doesn’t load. i depend on my quickbooks app daily. as of yesterday, it doesn’t load on my iphone 7 running ios 13.3. needs to be fixed please.
. great app. love it's simplicity.
perfect. i migrated over from the computer version and so far it's awesome. i went out and bought a verizon tablet to make my billing easier in the field. i now can do everything before i walk out of the customers house, the days of going to the truck to write up a invoice are over!!!
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
office. excellent app
. app is crashing as soon as it starts... 🙄 edit: app is now working, i wish all features of the desktop version were also available on mobile.
. i should have made a better effort organizing my information before i put into quickbooks program is great! just garbage in garbage out.
. greeat app love you guys and ladies from all the products of quickbooks
missing functionality  registers updated. the app itself is pretty clean and easy to use. however it is missing some important functionality, namely registers. there is no access to your bank or credit card registers, or to check their respective balances... for a financial application, this is a major missing piece. here's hoping this will be added soon. update: this has been fixed. now waiting for making deposits...
. pc or macbook apps are good but i am sorry to say that this app is waste of time. very slow. page loading time is more that 1 min even with wifi having 100mb broadband speed.
excellent!. this is a fab piece of software for both selfemployed and accountants to sync all your activity in one place.
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
. not free at all.. they take your valuable information such as email and phone numbers.. then say its 30 days trial.. you will have to pay to get this apps.. many of good free accounting apps are available in play store..
"enjoying quickbooks online. easy to use interface and they are frequently updating features. my only complaint is that sometimes when searching for sent invoices it won't recognize, for example 74, when it's ""invoice 2015074"""
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
two factor log in broken. can't log in since the app was updated, it just crashes after i enter my login details
great app. easy to use!
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
. needs registers and accounts
. pretty good app..
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
cannot log in. garbage. terrible customer service!
mobility at its best!. is like having your business at the palm of your hands! just sent out a $40k invoice while on a cruise ship in mexico. also love the storeforward function. no need to be connected, once you get connected it will be sent out. great app!
crashing. updated to ios 13 and now the app keeps crashing after face id, please get this sorted as i can’t run my business
needs help. need to adjust the address in the statement area. doesn't fit in the window of envelope. checked the help box, several others having same problem.
. great app for my small buisness. quickbooks is always improving. best customer service when you have questions.
. great app. never knew how much time you spen in transit until the tracking app was installed. 👍👍
doesn't work!. it hardly used to work, now it doesn't work at all. my boss is constantly on me for missing invoices, well i can't make them because the app doesn't work! crashes immediately when i try to open it. when it does open, it will let me sign in then give me an error.
. kinda tricky at first but easily learned
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
forced payroll system not working. since march 2017 our payroll that they force you to pay for if you have employees has not working correctly. edd efile is non existent, cannot archive reports, and irs efile is sporadic. customer service wont credit any amount nor can they fix the problem even after “escalating” it to priority customer support. three “cases” opened, none of which fixed the problem. do not buy this product.
. best app ever...
. does it need an internet connection?
. login issue verification code sending is very slow and sometimes not.
. good and easy to use great app
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
. don't like that you have update in order to open app.
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
. seems a little pointless if the vendor activity doesn't sync.
jl. great for small business on the go.... got it sync with square and it makes it even better. great job!!!
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
app doesn’t recognize credentials. this app worked well for me until the most recent update. now i cant login, says can’t find the account with this emailpassword. this is very annoying since i travel frequently without a laptop. now i’ve lost the ability to access my accounts via the app.
great app. easy to use
. really need to be able to create a purchase order using the app
won't let us start a new tax rate. the best app will not allow us to start collecting taxes. every time we initiate the tax rate and try to save it it simply says it cant perform that function please go to settings and let us know. it's ridiculous that a book keeping app as large as qb's is that such remedial tasks are often frustrating.
excellent application. i like it, amazing app 👍🏼
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
this app is useless on android.. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless.
. fab app and program. saves time and money. should have done it years ago.
. you should make the interface exactly the same as the desktop version. we don't mind paying more for online, knowing that we constantly get updates, and logon capabilityfrom any computer and can have the online backups. but having the desktop vs online being totally different and opposite from eachother is annoying. i will give 5 stars when this changes.
expensebill data missing in app. expense and bill data is not available in the iphone app while accessible online. what is the meaning of the app when i can't see any of my vendor bills or company expenses. development team???
president. i’m busy right now trying to invoice, from customer service to user friendly software qb is on point for the business man. love the service for sure.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
. hands down the worst customer service system i've ever dealt with. not once have i called that i wasn't on hold for 15 minutes to then have the person transfer me to someone else because they couldn't help me. i'm currently having the money taken from my account but am being told my account doesn't exist and i have to sign up for a new one.
. quickbooks banking is my favorite part of the app, because it's easy you catergorise all your expenses and incomes. the dashboard shows an overview of your financial situation.
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
. this website is terrible and the customer service is friendly yet not helpful!!! i want to cancel my subscription and yet told to remove the app from my tablet....wrong by removing the app it does not cancel my subscription...very unhappy!!
quickbooks app. as a finally self employed electrician after many many years in the trade i decided to try qb online & it is quite simply amazing, easy, intuitive, versatile & very good value, looks professional and cannot recommend higher. thank you, matt m.b.s. electrical, jersey
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
. this app is not syncing my data from last 15 days. even support team is not responding with resoultion
awesome. love being able to bill and email from my phone.. great app
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
looking for another software. they always have “50% off” that’s just to get you because i have a year with them and it is the 3rd. time they had raised the price ! i’m now looking for another software.
quickbooks. they added the ability to sync with quickbooks online, so finally made this app great
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
horrible. what a joke. all i want to do is be able to go to my online account. every time i try to do that it pops up to install this app. i did. now when i go in nothing looks the same or works the same. you would think i would be able to go online without this horrible app. i would give it zero stars if i could.
great app. works exactly as it should
update to the update.. they fixed the update. i updated my rating.
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
a solid program. i like the idea of this application being online because many of my accounts can be updated asap.
does not work. cannot trust any invoices under clients or vendorsall are bad. only thing it can be used for is to take a photo of a receipt and add it to a vendors account. can make up an estimate in the field otherwise it is terrible
editing invoices on the go!. i love it! when life is such a bustle and you need to create an estimate or invoice for customers, quickbooks makes it easy to do.
how to raise downloads by 10 times?. how to raise downloads by 10 times? service, daily installs can reach 3000+. ping me at skype& whatsapp:+8615282351612 facebook:aso888. every one can get a test promotion for 3 days now!
. this app constantly signs itself out. it takes forever to load. quickbooks online has been a mistake from the start but i'm vested. its going to be difficult to change but i'm going to find someone else. the iphone app sucks worse.
. while this app has a couple of problems, the benefits far outweigh the negatives. i would recommend it to anyone in business
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
on job usage. so easy to access invoices and job costing on the job site so easy to make my life easier
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
missing deductions!!. the main reason i’d want to use the app is unfortunately not available in france photographing any expense receipts i have and immediately entering in deductions when i make purchases. until this part of the app isn’t migrated over to the french version, the app is almost totally worthless to me. so bummed. however 3 stars because the app runs smoothly in what it does, even if you can really only enter sales and receive payments.
. very well designed usee experience 👍🏻!
. found a better app for my needs
"don't bother. it says above ""get full access to everything quickbooks online has on the web"". but in fact it is a totally different application geared to salesmen on the road. don't expect to see your accounts here, all you have is:  customers  estimates  your invoices and sales receipts. very disappointing; forget it"
good to review. i haven't got deep into it to create billing invoices yet but just to review what i've done from the work station, it's great.
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
small business owner. app has shut down before i could save and i had to start over in the field. i had trouble accessing it in the beginning. it is not easy to add an address to the invoice edit option for the template...
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
ridiculous. very nice overall, with an incredibly aggravating poison pill. some genius (?) decided to eliminate text input on dropdown lists (eg payee), guaranteeing long and annoying scrolls for long lists. renders a potential convenience quite useless?
great app. great app saves time works well recommend for chippys like myself :)
logo. is it possible for me to add my company logo when i issue out invoices?
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
difference maker. love the program, made it much easier to price jobs, track paidunpaid invoices and keeps track of all business info
great but needs some updates. just recently i am unable to log in to my company. i can get on to my online account, but not on the app?? says my email and password isn’t found?
why get rid of banking section?. latest version update got rid of the banking section. now, i can't acceptexclude transactions, making the application almost totally and completely useless! too bad you can't give zero stars...
good. nice app
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
passwords. i signed up seen the expense and uninstalled it after looking at other apps i decided to return to this app but when i tried signing in it gave me a error message so i tried reseting the password and have entered my verification codes but still can not log in. i would like to possibly purchase the app but this is very difficult since i can't get in
suits me. so easy to use, perfect for my tiny business. don't need accounting skills the workflow has been designed very well and support is great.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. loads, then crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled, and still crashes upon open. fingerprint doesn't work anymore. frustrating.
love it!. simplifies life. amazing phone support. always improving.
. decent it's ok for adding expenses... but account balances are significantly lacking... i.e. non existent! must have!
. invoicing only works when it feels like. app is very hard to navigate. half the tools i have to log in to my computer and do on the desktop version. very dissatisfied and will be cancelling this service soon as i find a better alternative.
. buy the extras!
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
stuff always wrong or glitchy. seems every time i turn on quickbooks by pc or mobile app, something doesn't work! never buy online version, it sucks
brilliant app. quickbooks is an amazing app. i'm an electrician with a small business, so i need something quick and easy when i'm in the field. entering expenses and creating invoices is so easy on my tablet andor phone saving me hours per week. great work...i'm very impressed!
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
can't find internet?. every time i try to log in i get an error message that there is no internet to connect to which is bull. it's on my cell phone so there's wifi and data. very disappointed.
great app!¡. im always on the go and this app is great when invoiceestimate has to be sent immediately or when there is no computer access¡¡ highly recommended for biz on the go!!
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
waste of time. horrible sync, features missing. do not waste your time.
great app. can do so much on the app. would be even better if could prepare bills in the app.
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
1 step forward  2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to redownload all the info. hurry up and wait
easy to follow. app is easy to follow even if you are not an accountant.
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
not free. this is a free trial, and that is what it should say. now it is going to take me 2 hours to get it removed off all of my devices! annoyed!
convenient. the mobile features are easy to use. still getting it organized. i'll update as i get more familiar with it.
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
. i can't see reports on this app
quickbooks online + app. quickbooks online is making my business accounts so easy. the bank connections feature allows you to sync online accounts straight into your account records. when new transactions are available, you can view and add them straight into your accounts, made easier by quicbooks match feature that marks transactions with previous similar transactions. support during setup period has been excellent which has made switching from another online accounting software quite an easy process. very impressive so far.
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
app crashing. after updating to the new version, app is crashing. kindly resolve the issue. not able to use
. great app!
nearly as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices
falta uma agenda. deveria ter um relatório, ou layout, que apresente as receitas e despesas de uma determinada data.
login' this app. makes my life so much easier. i can do everything on the go. saves time! love it!
. expenses can be duplicated if the save button is pressed more than one time.
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software.
one in all. i can run my business with great confidence because of this application available of quickbooks online. one my favorite functions is the capability of producing estimates, and invoices immediately. that function pleases a majority of my professional field clients.
. decent it's ok for adding expenses... but account balances are significantly lacking... i.e. non existent! must have!
. i've used quickbooks since starting my own business, plastering, it is very useful, but also very hard to understand and navigate. loads of features you can use, if you can find the information or spend ages trying to find and work it all out. hardly any help. easily take your money every month, but i am struggling to resubscribe!! does all my info disappear now! the time i've spent on this and the money, so misleading, very frustrated with quickbooks at the moment!
. now we can update our financial data but still miss so many report.
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
. tell me how to cancel the free trial on phone
tremendous time saver. i rarely login to quickbooks online any more and have never looked back from switching from the full desktop version. the mobile app is a tremendous time saver and allows be to better server my clients.
where's the touch password?. i use keychain so my quickboks password on my mac is super random, with dashes and strange symbols. i use quickbooks on my iphone so i can quickly add expenses when on the road and don't have a mac nearby. please add the touch password feature back in so the iphone app is convenient again.
cis unfriendly. useless if your a contractor or subcontractor. if your in the construction industry, this app is useless. you cannot create cis invoices which renders this app useless.
great product!. importing my company file from desktop to qbo was a breeze. love the interface, ease of use, and having access to qb anywhere i go.
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
great program for what is asked of it.. great program (i use desktop app on my macbook pro). but constant “improvements “ make it hard to find menus you once had. needs a one click solution to print all open invoices at once. biggest complaint is i get thrown off a few times a week. it’s a quick reload, and i have not lost any data, but annoying.
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
crashes, isn't sign in. stock nexus 5x. app won't sign in, hangs, now crashes every time.
. great inaccessibility to app
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
. does not work as advertised
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
. does not work well with android. the keyboard covers the buttons which kept me stuck when creating an invoice. invoices cannot be sorted by invoice numbers. why?!
. love this app.. so easy to use!!!!
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
. poor. this app worked fine for 2 years and now they have recently removed the feature where it automatically adds receipts to transactions. the support morons keep telling me it never existed in the first place but i used it for 2 years! i'm now looking for another app to use in it's stead. avoid it at all costs.
amazing. great app and really easy to use. no need to wait to be at the office to do any transaction, all done easy and simple right on the spot!!!!!!!
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
flawed. i am going to reinstall the old app. the new app will not allow me to add a customer from my phone's contact list.
handy app.. i've struggled for a while with record keeping and this app makes it very easy to keep records and do my day to day book keeping.
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
app needs major work. the app is useless, i have to pull out my laptop or wait till i get to my home or office. i would love to use my ipad pro, that i carry everywhere but the app is literally useless!!! please fix asap
yep. great app...appart from the lack of multi currency function...
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
overall good product. not having access to the entire online tools on the app makes for complicated tasks at times. the online browser does not run fluently with a safari browser so if i need anything beyond basics i need to get to a pc.
. perfect, paperless invoices and perfect for on the go businesses.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
worthless!. until this app can sync with the desktop version of quickbooks, it is worthless to my business. i'm sorry i downloaded it. but i have already deleted it.
easy and convenient. as a first time user, both app and desk top versions of quick is easy to use. moreover, the app makes my life much easier. even when i'm out of the office, invoicing, paying, receiving, and quick views of current status can be done at the fingertips.
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
useless. app is slow and hard to use.
. great app
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
does not even log into my company. installed the app, entered my login details then tells me sorry it cannot download my company details and to report issue. i've reported and typically the response i get back is to redownload the app???
great stuff.. i like this app. (my extensive review).
kerrie. herc's girl
. terrible app. really let's you down. i've toyed to log in numerous times only to be told my session has expired.
qbo app. great to know i can do invoices etc on the go.
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
. absolutely useless!! you cannot access anything except invoicing and payments. un installing right now! what a waste!
best app for any business. i'm a musician and this app helps keep track of all my gigs and insures proper payment!
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
desktop should be same as app. great app but a shame that the desktop version dies not have the same functionality
. great application, very usefull and make book keeping work easier
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
it's a pos. i wouldn't have given it a star at all. you can't tell if they person paid you or if you just accidently out it in as a payment. it's hard to use,hard to understand and honestly i lost 134 dollars in sales because i couldn't figure how to use this thing. i'll be using the square starting tomorrow
. i find this really useful to check accounts and send invoices whilst onsite. never had any issues with the app at all.
time entry. i would really use this app if time entry was part of it. that would be something i could really use on the road.
. can't create journal entries. super slow app, super slow pace of mobile app feature rollout
fantastic for when you’re on the move. this app has really helped me operate more efficiently from a mobile office. the ability to quickly and easily produce quotes and invoices from my ipad has been extremely useful. the app isn’t as fully featured as its desktop counterpart but it does enough to suit my needs, whilst i’m on the move. i’m running this app on a 10.5 ipad pro and it has been flawless.
doesn’t work with ios13. just updated ios 13 app doesn’t load. even after deleting and readding.
app ruined. this is getting old. the app seems to be unusable every time an update heads out way. my invoices are showing old data, are not updating to show payments and do not match what is correctly shown in the real online desktop service. please fix , and stop updating prior to testing
. great app
. really need to be able to create a purchase order using the app
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
fixed bags. quick response in fixing the bags on ios 9. will keep you update....
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
no customer support. this is potentially a great app, but customer support is nonexistent  3 emails sent and 2 weeks waiting for a reply to a subscription issue.
little tricky to get used to the interface. will still continue tonuse
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
stop downloading.. i have redone load company data every time i log on the app which can take hours, and essentially makes the apps convenience useless.
estimate layout. i like the way the app works, i have problems when i need to include a lot of info on the estimates. when i send it it leaves the first page blank and cuts of some of the info on the second page. overall great though!
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
doesn’t work with ios 13. keeps knocking me out.
very good app. if i could link my icall to it, it would be perfect 5 stars
pas mal !. application très conviviale — me sauve plusieurs heures de pénible saisie comptable par mois. quelques petites fonctions additionnelles permettraient une utilisation encore plus conviviale, comme le fait de pouvoir par défaut définir des taxes (qui sont, dans 95% des cas toujours la même chose) au lieu de devoir spécifier le tout chaque fois...
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
. simple to use
good for viewing, not for editing. can't seem to figure out how to allocate new transactions.
bank sync. errors while synching bank accounts for matching invoices. this is a basic function and not sure why they cant fix it. account shows as not deposited though its in bank. please fix this.
good app. it works really well to manage a business. a few things could be easiermore intuitive to do, but otherwise a solid app that gets the job done.
crashing after ios13 update!. app is crashing after face id log in on xs max ios13
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
great complement to quickbooks online. not the full program, but it makes it easy to keep up to date with expenses on the fly.
owner. love the program i am having problems inputing my desktop customers and previous business information. called the help desk and still waiting forba fix
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
great app!. one of the best apps i have used!
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
this app is worthless. literally none of the things i routinely do with quickbooks is possible with this app.
excellent. does what it says on the tin.. excellent app. works brilliantly on the ipad, sometimes find it a little sluggish on the iphone but i put that down to the poor wifi we sometimes have and bad signal from phone operator. anyways it's so easy to use and i can produce an invoice there and then and email to the client instantly. don't know why i took so long to move from desktop to quickbooks online.
bitch ur fucked. all over culiacan and the net
. lousy app, it takes forever to just delete a picture from the app, send email to customers etc etc. so many bugs crawling in it. fix it man.
great. best tool for small biz ! make my life easier and my customers happy...10stars..
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
worse update ever. finally you eat our petition to add calculator to the invoice keyboard and removed on this update? app freezes a lot
great for start up. the app works great! i can do nearly all of my bookkeeping from my phone. if i need more detailed i just use my laptop! the monthly subscription is nice too!
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
needs a lot of work. app does not show up in recent app list. also it does not sync automatically.
. useful
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
keeps crashing. i am trying to use this app on my s7 on sprint. everytime i log in it crashes and ask to send crash report. ive installed it a few times now. please fix bug.
. i haven't explored all the features, but this app is great for on the fly billing!
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
new update crashes constantly. can’t login. crashed every time. have tried reinstalling without any luck. also, you can’t customize or get payment alerts for qbo except through the app. so until this is fixed, i’m stuck checking daily to see who’s paid and when. pain in the butt. please fix asap.
. it's a great app for a small business.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
typical intuit product. buggy, not awesome user experience. slow, lots of errors, doesn't work most of the time and no support. use freshbooks or something else if you care about running a business.
quick overlook. i've been using desktop and online versions of quickbooks for decades. this online app is a great addition. it allows me to quickly update our bank accounts and keep on top of things while traveling.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
app as of lately. every time  every single time  i open app, it tells me it must log out because it’s running critical updates. it worked fine until a week ago. not sure if it’s related to apple software but it’s getting old.
. great app to managing income and expenses
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
. far too long to load (on new phone). unresponsive and not well developed
. quick books online is perfect for a small business owner like myself. i can have a professional bookkeeping,payroll, and tax service with also being able to provide estimates and invoices out in the field. its perfect!! thanks so much much quick books. trey blocker blocket tree service
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
the android app is so diffrent than the ios app.. ios app has the functionality to select multiple items too an estimateorder with the multi select feature. this is missing in android. also before the update, the send comand asked the way we wanted to send the invoice and we can select email, fax application. but with the update it only send with the quickbooks email. cant send by fax anymore. please provide the share option on invoice and estimates atleast.
user friendly. love how easy it is to invoice clients
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
can't do banking on ap. has anyone else got the problem of adding transactions on their ap?! i can do it on a web browser but the whole reason of an ap is so you can do it from there! i've been in talks with the company for 1 month and still not fixed!
. its a good app.
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
"confusing and cluttered app. i love that nearly all of the features in the desktop app are here in the mobile app. however the interface, especially the home page, is confusing and cluttered. ""company activity"" is a bit useless as the default page. show me the charts of paidunpaid invoices. i think the developers are tasked with including every single feature and that clouds their design judgement. it's not an easy ask but let's make this app more mobile friendly."
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
great compared to alternatives. could use more options available though the website (like inventory management, receiving payments to elsewhere than undeposited funds etc)
it's only a trial. this looks brilliant until you've set up the account only to find out that it's a 30 trial. by that time they've got your email. well done them. clever!! immediately deleted
luv it. app is a bit different from the qb we are used to, however, it's very easy to get used to. and the ability to access it from mobile devices is perfect.
. like the app. interface is great. would like to see an charge option for customers, so i can tally up customer's account over the course of a month and bill at the end for my lawn care business.
doesn't support timesheet entry. i have an account through my employer that is only used to enter timesheet information. this works great through the quickbooks online website from my pc, but when i try to log in through the app it tells me that i do not have a quickbooks online subscription.
great for small businesses. we own a professional cleaning company on the big island of hawaii and are on the road a lot. this app is great for us for invoicing and writing proposals on the go. every client is important and we are able to service each one promptly and professionally.
pretty good but, but no bill entry????. i have found this to be somewhat helpful for reviewing expenses, but it would be fantastic if i was able to pay bills on the go. i would love to be able to keep my business mobile by using the camera to “scan” invoices and submit them for payment right from the app. a core function that is surprisingly absent. this is a must for future development. without it, the app just come up short...
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
love it!!!. this app makes things so easy to keep track of a job while in the field and saves time. love it!!!!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
ok but frustrating. doesn't do as much as online version. lots of error messages when downloading bank data. poor customer service, not responsive when errors flagged.
user friendly. works great!. great app for running a small business. easy to use for estimates, invoicing, accounts receivable, etc. can't wait to integrate it with our payroll to make billing for labor even easier. highly recommend.
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
tax ratescounties are incorrect. when i create an invoice from this app, it doesn’t select the correct county even when i manually change it. it causes it to transfer back to desktop version as the wrong county when saved and will not account for that county. please fix
super user friendly. this app is ridiculously user friendly a must have for any small business ownerentrepreneur!!
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
. doesn't work in india
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
. keep having to login which is annoying. very slow in general. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. after 3 years, still quite disappointed with it.
. good app works well on android
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
lacking bank register. i don't really touch the other features, i'm solely interested in coding bank transactions when i have a few minutes spare. cannot be done via this app.
cool, but need to be able to do more. i hope we can check chart of accounts and other company settings as well from the app
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
. downloaded and reinstalled current version and still could not login to my account. quite frustrating coming from intuiit!
works well. i don't use this app a lot but every time i do it was worked well enough.
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
. quick books and intuit do not support you or your business if you get scammed. warning do not use this app for credit card transactions. you get screwed. screwed me out of almost $500
qb on the go.... love it, love it, love it. this is a great app for someone on the go. no longer am i held hostage by my pc. now instead of going to the bank, the bank comes to me. love it, love it, love it!
perfect. i migrated over from the computer version and so far it's awesome. i went out and bought a verizon tablet to make my billing easier in the field. i now can do everything before i walk out of the customers house, the days of going to the truck to write up a invoice are over!!!
. rubbish app as never let's me update my bank transactions. i go to refresh and it simply comes up saying none and all up to date when it's not. makes the app unusable for me.
payroll app in uk?. just started using quickbooks and finding it fairly helpful so far however i really need it for payroll, will the payroll app be available in the uk?
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
not compatible with my lg g4 phone. i bought new lg g4 and installed the app on it, once i try to sign in the app crashes , i sent email to customer service and it has been three months since then, they keep saying we are trying to solve the issue, worst customer service ever.
great app with a few refinements needed. this app, together with quickbooks online, does everything my business needs it to do, almost. but that's just my business. this is a very sophisticated system but easy to use! love it
purchase order. i like the app it's a good app there is one screw up and a big one i wonder if it's only me who uses it why can't i make a purchase order on the app ??? other wise it's a great app
google signin never works. i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google signin. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
qbo online (android). overall an effective and efficient application; and the price was a little cheaper through google play then through intuit online. the only function i wish was there is the mileage tracking, as it is in the qb self employed.
. made delivering estimates to my customers an immediate action. right from my car in front of their residence.
. very slow. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. quite disappointed with it.
the. boss.....app
expenses. how do add an expense thats on a 30 or 60 day account?
. disappointed with the app. does not show payments posting to accounts within the past 24 hours. it showed payments posted 4 or more days.
it's a great app.. good to create invoices on the run, and keep track of your business. my only complaint is that there is no place to put in a po or job name. i would also like if customers could sign with a stylist or finger on a touch screen phone. i have a samsung note 3 and would like to see that option. but still a good app.
owner operator. on the go? this app will help your business keep going without slowing down!
cumbersome. qb stinks on ice! i so miss the older versions! oh, qb online will not integrate into turbo tax! i would never use it again if i had a choice. i'm looking into sage. the menus are horrible it's so cumbersome to move from one screen to another. constantly hangs up and freezes!!!
everything a small business needs. i absolutely love this app it does everything we need including taking pictures of receipts there's no reason to purchase another application or a scanner when you can do everything from your smartphone. awesome! #callsafe
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
why bother?. don't understand why they bothered developing this app? much more functionality available using safari and logging into quickbooks!
boost to my business image with my ipad!. i went from handwriting every estimate, sales receipt and invoice to bringing in new paperless technology. at the end of the day i would have to have my wife input everything in our quick books online. then file everything in our office. it's not only impressive to our clients, but it also eliminates filing and an extra step of data entry, it saves time and money and gives you a competitive edge over your competition!
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
. i am totally dissatisfied with qb small business app and quickbooks in general. i'm also using an android and having the same syncing problem. i will be cancelling my subscription with quickbooks altogether and will be going with one of their competitors. it has been a waste of my time with all the phone calls with their technical support in the philippines who gave totally incorrect information about the issue which was clarified when i spoke to customer service in sydney.
best business app!. so easy to use!! very clear info and graphs make it quick and easy to check your profit and loss and see exactly where you spend money and where the most income is coming from!
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
failed to run. i installed the program and as soon as i attempted to begin using it, the program crashes and will now not open at all.
. simple and convenient
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
fantastic software !. this has made my life a whole lot easier. invoice and estimates on the go. i really feel in control of my accounts.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
doesn't work. app isn't working with lg g5 with android.6.0.1. won't let me login.
. great app and easy to use
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
time saver!!!. i have been using it online, now with the app it goes by so much faster!!
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
. dont bother if you dont have access to pc or laptop.basic features like editing customer email is not available on mobile devices including tablets.if an invoice isnt sent because the recipient email address sends it back,you have no way of knowing that an error has occurred even when attempting to check via any web browser.caused me £1000's of cashflow headache. contacted customer support,got a nonsensical response.made it sound like the problem is an actual feature of the app and software.
great app!. i already loved qb...the app makes my business run even more efficient and allows me to pull up customers bills on the spot or estimates where they can sign. very convenient.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
business made easy. use this app daily keeps everything organized
. good app but it's annoying that i have to remove and reinstall the app for almost every update that's released.
. garbage, won't let you delete your account. it took hours to finally be able to delete email and account, save yourself the hassle and dont download it.
so far so good. it's not fussy like sage one. just nice and simple. it's saved me time just to do my invoices worth it for that.
great for start ups. i am wanting to know if it has been considered for users to use their finger print as an option other than the password to sign in on the app?
. doesn't have my back in its list, so it's useless. i've cancelled my subscription. when i contacted support, they were obsessed with my subscription, rather than the actual issue.
. good app for accounting
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
. easy to use and useful across all devices.
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
awesome!. has worked better than any other accounting software i have ever used!
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
unable to login. trying to login on iphone from my user & password but unfortunately unable to do. the same user & password is working proper on my pc. kindly resolve the said issue at the earliest. thanks.
great app. this app helps tremendously! great work and thank you for making book keeping so simple.
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
comprehensive app for a small business. i have excellent experience and is easy to use with all functionality that i required. have tried xero, myob as well but quickbooks stand out for me as far as feature & function and good value for money.
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
. good app as a supplement to using online or computer version. would still love a better fast upload for expense receipts on the fly rather than so much data entry or using a 3rd party app.
. how to manage inventory ? i need to know the state of my stock, ie item, quantity, cost etc as the sales goes on how to do that ???
crashes when downloading. crashes when downloading after initial setup. have not been able to use app. disappointing.
time saver. i highly recommend this app, specially for small business. quick, easy and in combination with service m8 it's all i need.
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
i'm a fan. i use this app almost daily now. was stuck on my computer and was not will to try it. but happy i did. joe i do accounting in the go. thanks quick books
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
. it seems like every time the app updates it turns off automatic mialage tracking. what a pain. then i have to review my calendar and recreate mialage and likely to miss some.
great app. works great for managing customers and invoices for our company!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
crashes 3 seconds after opening. latest version is completely unusable on both iphone and ipad. crashes 3 seconds after opening. both on iphone and ipad. did anyone actually test this?
the best accounting app for sme. great product at affordable fees..i love the constant improvments that you guys make..i own a chain of smartphone retailers and it working great for me..missing the fifth star because inventory options need some improvments other than that its great..keep it up!
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
only for ar. this app pretty much just acts as a payments rec'd recorder. has no other functionality that i can see. need to enter vendor invoices on the go so it would be nice if , even if it doesn't have full functionality, you could at least handle vendors and customers on the go.
. extremely user friendly, customers love the on the spot invoices and ability to sign for and pay for work right on the spot!
latest update is garbage. app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
. não consigo acessar. tenho login e senha mas me aparece uma mensagem que a função não é aceita somente via web
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
downloading the app. downloading was easy
options. i need to be able to send quotes, not estimates.
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
buyer beware crash instantly on iphone 6. this app works sometimes but it will instantly crash and doesn't operate properly on my iphone 6 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work properly. why don't you guys fix this? also, it annoyingly downloads company info every time you open it which takes what seems like hours. i have a very small landscape business. should this be the case? come on intuit! get your act together
user friendly. this app is simple to use, easy to grasp, and professional in presentation.
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
please add more search options. this is a great app to accompany a great service. my only request is that i be able to search for content within invoices themselves. for faster lookup!
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
. app banking does not work on android pixel 3. crashes as its loading transactions. i called quickbooks and got the runaround, didnt take my issue seriously. stuck using computer
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
. update... application remains impossible to use on both ios and android devices. invoice matching for banking transactions is painful particularly when there are many invoices to match to a single banking transaction and application seems to refresh in the background which causes matches to be lost before completing. not worth installing till these issues are fixed meaning web based invoice matching is the only option... have wasted hours of my time on both ios and android based applications...
. great app! i use it all the time!
lots of shortcomings. qo is great and this app is ok. too bad so many features are missing
30 day trial. $13month after the thirty day trial
great but wip. better than the competition and best customer service in the space! well worth it.
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
kerry pabian. are you kidding me !!! app is crashing on my ipad since the update ! why do you always do updates right before its time to do billing ?
such an awesome time saving app. this app saves so much time and effort for small business owners and probably business owners in general. would highly recommend.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
not working with ios 13. just crashes
great app. very user friendly. easy to edit and add customers.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
don't do latest update. was working great until latest update. now i cannot create any invoices.
. nice site to make invoice and estimate, if there is any option to maintain stock it will. be great
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
great!. as a first time business owner and user of any accounting software, i am very happy with quickbooks on the whole and this app in particular. easy to use and understand without over simplifying what needs to be done. seamless integration without just about any software make this a great goto for all your small business accounting needs.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
still useless. what is this for? can't see the check register, can't add vendor bills. you should be able to access all aspects of qb online. i guess its ok if all you want to do is look at pretty graphs.
very useful app. very useful app, works like a charm
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
. the worst app in the entire google play store its useless dosent work correctly impossible to navigate the person who made it ought to be fired its a disgrace
. makes my job easier.
great for my employers. i'm an office manager at two companies, and i've been able to save my employers, field technicians, and office staff time, money, and paper with qbo. thanks intuit!
. just was on hold for 20 minutes and the issue is not resolved. the app is not allowing me to save information. also the online platform is not working with third party apps with the new tax rates in saskatchewan (reciept bank) been waiting for that fix for 3 weeks.
very useful and easy. love it
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
review. happy with qb is working for me just need to work out how to link my bank in and do my accounts on it this should be simple but l am no wizard on tec. the code that l am ask for from my bank is not linking and not sure why. but so fare it's good.
makes business happen!. this powerful app makes my business happen! very easy to make sales on the go and keep track of all my ins and outs. thank you!
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
not updating. my receipts and income is stuck.
3 stars. doesn't do everything i would like it to do but overall pleased with this app.
review. happy with qb is working for me just need to work out how to link my bank in and do my accounts on it this should be simple but l am no wizard on tec. the code that l am ask for from my bank is not linking and not sure why. but so fare it's good.
often worthless. when the system works it can be great. however, i’m in day 3 of not being able to get bank accounts to update.
. great app was worried about using it but it so easy
attach photos. it would be nice to attach photos with emailed invoices, and a record of when invoices are sent to customers.
terrible app. half the time i can not download my banking info, i can not do invoices. it’s junk for what you have to pay for it. i’m finding something new.
. this app is very useful for my shop for trak inventory item and gst purpose and more
nice app..... doesn't function like the website
not reliable on weekends or holidays. times when i have to work on weekends or holidays i have the most issues logging in and being able to invoice customers. there is also times when i can’t login during the week, i’m guessing due to quickbooks working on servers! wish i could install as a program on my tablet instead of a app or still be able to use offline to print an invoice and receipt
latest update rocks. now you get your bank feeds in the app, so you can easily process your incoming payments and expenses. the only thing missing is the ability to attach a file during that process. hope it's something that will be included in a future update.
. this app does so much for our new business!):
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
. very easy to use and efficient method of bookkeeping, invoicing and streamlining communication with my accountant. perfect for a small business.
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
. free try option does not work. what's the fun of offering trial that doesn't work
. it takes a little while to get used to it i've always had the desktop version when i had questions the support staff was 100% awesome answered questions research the answers and was able to get back to me with the solution. i've use quickbooks for 25 years and will remain using their product awesome updated version able to use your phone to keep track of receipts
good for viewing, not for editing. can't seem to figure out how to allocate new transactions.
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
unable to process simple request. crashing and getting an error saying data unavailable. can’t even save one expense
phone. phone app is better than pc version
. it keeps things simple for us.
. i have down loaded the app but its not working properly its frustrating
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
don grant mechanical services. commercial. residental ,heating airconditioning , refrigeration, makeup air systems, light plumbing, and electrical
no longer loads. after upgrading quickbooks online, this app no longer loads on ipad or iphone. please fix.
. best thing quickbooks has ever done. this is so convenient, i use it more then the actual online. invoicing, printing, emailing.. everything you can do online is available in this app
make thing simple. we work away from the office all the time. q on the smart phone makes that easy. and it has never locked any of phones up. it work great.
useless for bookkeep. cannot access chart of accounts or bank accounts so i can not enter checks or payments. this is of no use to my business. so disappointing!
fantastic!. quickbooks is a great program and is now even better with this mobile app!
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck."
. very user friendly!
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
rubbish. absolutely rubbish since the last update . keeps crashing on iphone xr. screen message = app needs to close due to critical updates. happens 2030 x times a day when trying to set up an invoice estimate etc. test your updates before release you them, you idiots!
. good, but... it doesn't have all the features of quickbooks online on the computer. it would be nice to manage expenses from my phone and to balance account registers. edit: with expenses added, it's now a more complete mobile business manager. happy to see the forward progress. keep adding the new features!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. switch to xero even though its more expensive. better off wasting money on a useless app. cant even save a transaction. lousy support and engineering team to not resolve such a essential feauture after 1 month. subscribe at your own risk.
perfect. works great for my contracting business. i mainly use it for estimates and invoices.
". we really like quickbooks online. it works nice but, the android phone and apple ipad apps still need some work. while functional in some things, overall app needs improved. we still use it, only when absolutely necessary, not a go to thing. my rating will change to 10 stars when  ""if"" they update these apps. but qb in general, love it!"
useless for mobile access. doesn't have any of the features you would expect from a mobile app. if you want to do anything other than create a invoice or view transactions you put in from your desktop, its a waste of time. no balances, no accounts, nothing useful at all.
great app!. great app for small medium enterprises
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
slow at the app not compatible with ipad. something wrong with this app , slowly uploading and not easily manageable on the ipad
quickbooks. great app especially if on vacation!
add more countries. i really love this app but my country, ghana is not part of the selected countries please kindly add it.
serious billing issues.. the app started out wonderful. i could do anything i needed on the fly, then my monthly renewal came along. my card had expired, so i had to update my info and resubmit, not a big deal. it has been 8 days and they say they can't do anything about it, except convert me over to intuit billing, which is almost $10 more a month. i would not recommend using this until they get things figured out with apple billing.
. very useful in conjunction with app on pc.
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
can’t log in. says my email and password can’t be found (app only).
. great app
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
great for business on the move. this app is a solid connection to your quickbooks and allows for quick and straightforward posting of expenses, invoices and estimates.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
support?? wats that??. if you are a person that will ever be involved in actually doing business in the real world, don't waste your time on this. if you ever need an answer at the speed of business in the real world, don't waste your time. you're not worth the expense. actual rating is 5, but the scale won't let me show the truth.
. great app
banking. great app just the banking doesn’t always pull over on fist couple tries to load transactions
. re routing several pages.. but not able to sign in.. after installation of app and having my all personal details it's showing that we should go n check desktop version.. then why it's as android app?
great software. great affordable option for small businesses. this software is incredibly helpful to ease the stress of being an entrepreneur.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
. very disappointed that once the app downloads popup advertising constantly appears on the phone. not only does it just come up on a screen, but no matter what app you may be in you will be diverted to quickbooks app and then diverted to their advertisers page. very annoying! especially in time sensitive situations like login situations on other sites, or snapchat. i am seriously considering deleting the app if they don't fix this problem soon.
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
participated promoted priceless!. it enhances your ability to multitask better than others. sleek app for all business owner's success!
jan 2019 update is a fail. i’m a daily  hourly user. the january 2019 update won’t keep me logged in. after about 90 seconds i get an error message and get logged out.
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
. worth every penny. worth it's weight in gold! so thankful as a tiny business owner to have such a powerful, reliable, easy to use, affordable option such as quickbooks! it is truly a blessing to my business and i've only begun to learn all it can dohas to offer!
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
i use it only because i have to.... i'm still waiting for $10,000 worth of invoices that my customers never received thanks to this god awful app. invoice2go is 10 times better.
amazing. great app and really easy to use. no need to wait to be at the office to do any transaction, all done easy and simple right on the spot!!!!!!!
. current version leaves the expense input screen up after adding an expense. this can make you double entry as you're left with wondering if the first expense entry went through. otherwise seems stable.
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
small business owner. it's fantastic and professional for service contracting for management, but the fact that the crew in the field still use paper carbons to submit & clients want paper makes this a major problem. if the client doesn't give an email, or the field crew doesn't get the right info, i end up spending extra hours trying to figure it out...
tons of bugs and glitches. there are lots of glitches and lack of features in this app. the vendor transaction history is spotty, many vendors and missing history all together. profit and loss report doesn’t scroll. can’t see the true checkbook register of checks that are written out but haven’t yet cleared. it’s really not very good.
c'mon, you know you need it. subscribe already. better than zoho or jobber. very organized and useful. such a time saver and it makes my company look 5 times more professional. recommended!
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
unable to log amex expenses while mobile.. this seems such a basic function that this app is missing.
so simple!. on the go accounting.
. i am doing my husband's billing for his company, since it was taking so much of his time. since this not my 'real' job, this app makes it easy do billing and record payments from any device at any time. thank you!
keeps crashing. app doesn’t work . no updates in months
useful app for sure. thanks for the refresh feature, will definitely make my job easier. 5 stars.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
it gets better and better. i was a huge sceptic (i have been a pro advisor for several years)and very had a very negative opinion of qb online. that was until a couple of years ago when i attended a presentation of the capabilities of the software. i was sold on its usefulness and have been using and recommending it ever since. qb online adds important features regularly. buy it!!! you won't be disappointed
. connect to banking and reconcile in minutes. email invoices...so no snail mail.
could be much better.. this app needs lots of work. is not possible to assign an expense as billable. is also not possible to add markup from this app. lame.
convenient and efficient. this app allows me to create invoices and collect for my plumbing services in the field and takes care of the book keeping simultaneously! i can also email the invoice to my customer instantly, which my customers seem to appreciate.
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
. very disappointed this is a spotty business resource. sync issues. i entered a customer contact once and it appeared as a new payment in my activity tab. update: i have cancelled for other reasons. looking elsewhere. wish it wouldve worked.
great app!. works great with my quickbooks online, fast and easy for taking credit card payments. everything syncs back to my online account and is very easy and efficient, huge time saver!
queers. geysnlesbians
. frustrating. slow. pretty much only to be used for creating invoices and receiving payments. maybe reports. wanted something that functioned just like the online version but for my mobile. wanted to catch up on work at opportune moments without having to get the laptop out. would not recommend. client hates it.
very helpfu. great app. useful for keeping records even on the go. simplifies so much.
. connect to banking and reconcile in minutes. email invoices...so no snail mail.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
. one of my favorite apps this app is so convenient. i have the ability to check my book anywhere at anytime.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
. not sure if this was resolved but in reviewing past expenses and invoices, it looks like 85% have disappeared. if i entered more than 1 expense on a single day, it kept 1. some days i entered 56 receipts if not more and now i'm redoing them all. switched to a bookkeeper this year so haven't used the app in 6+ months.
. excellent app for any business.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
pathetic. when will intuit wake up and get a real program for the ipad? very limited unless all you want is invoicing....disappointed....was hopeful at one point but have had it with intuit
great app. let's me keep up with things while i am on the go.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
. after upgrading to lg g6 the app no longer works. can't even get it to load. reinstalled, rebooted still nothing.
. so simple to use! i normally use qb from my computer but the app works just as well while onthego.
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
money grabber. quickbooks will offer subscription service. i paid for it because of the discount and then they didnt allow me to accept payments through their app. you have to assess the profile first before asking for payment.
. great app. awesome
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
"pure garbage. i've had several issues with accessing features and each time their ""solution"" was to create a new account and start over because they couldn't fix it. and now they are raising the monthly price, yet again. i'm done with qb online. seriously, save your money and use the desktop version with your own remote access."
jason arnold. so far quickbooks has been great. their program has some flaws i’m told they are working on. the payroll is very very slow to get up and running. but all i. all it saves me time and money
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
. i have seen personal budgeting apps that have better user experience than this. here just some of the glaring issues:  it forces you to relogin alot, and it does not support google signin, which means you have to retype a complex password every single time  you could use pin login from settings, but it is useless..  it forces pin code reentry everytime you use the camera or switch to another app.
great way to get my money in and estimates out.. really happy quickbooks enables me to work anywhere creating on the spot estimates and invoices making my cash flow work better for me. great app
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. kindly update your android apps. very unproductive to use. will be migrating out. useless for people on the go. slow data sync. when not working, still need use a laptop.
love it. love the app, really intuitive!!! and great customer service!!!
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
no weekend service. pretty good unless you have a problem on weekend or after hours. you wait.
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
. some features only available through the desktop dashboard ...
experience getting worse. entering transaction requires way too many taps. it isn’t location aware to suggest transactions you just always search. recent updates have some bug that makes the app download the data file with almost every login and login often you must. usually twice a week it loses my password. i have enjoyed quickbooks online but this app experience may have me evaluating competitors in december.
new to business and this is great. i have now completed my second year running my business and without a doubt i owe some of my success to quickbooks as i don't have an admin person it helps me manage things also creates the professional image i need. i prefer using the web platform but when i am on the go and making small purchases for clients i love to add the expenses to their invoice on my phone before i forget!
better improvement. app running better
needs some improvement quick books mobile was so much better. when any of my customers get an email it goes into spam and most can't open invoice from intuit sites. one of my customers tried paying invoices from site and that didn't work either. i don't have time to spend all day on phone to resolve continues issues.
. great app
broken update. your update broke the app.
great app when it works.... after update to ios 13 as well as the latest version of the qbo app, i cannot access supplier information. on top of that, i am unable to save expenses that i am trying to enter too. there goes the productivity. qbo team really need to be better at this!
best app yet. i manage my invoices and customers everywhere this is great. okay for the monthly cost.
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
. good app!
downloading the app. downloading was easy
major flaw  can’t add receipts to expenses. no dropbox or photo option. they advertise this system as super easy and convenient. you can’t add receipts from photos or dropbox. that makes the ‘add attachment ‘ pretty much pointless. i take a picture of an expense receipt but 0 way of adding it ... seriously. who designed this app.???
great work!. the app works great and is a very useful tool for on the go business matters. i have not yet figured out how to add single time activities on the app ... not sure this feature is available. but other then that it's great!
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
. i've had nothing but trouble with this app. i've sent numerous error reports made several attempts to contact customer support with no reply.
it gets better and better. i was a huge sceptic (i have been a pro advisor for several years)and very had a very negative opinion of qb online. that was until a couple of years ago when i attended a presentation of the capabilities of the software. i was sold on its usefulness and have been using and recommending it ever since. qb online adds important features regularly. buy it!!! you won't be disappointed
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved
work as expected. good apps
nice app..... doesn't function like the website
. bugs galore and only on my first day of trying it out. sorry but needs some work.
quickbooks online. takes a little time to get the program. but once you learn it it's a great asset to anyone's company
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
having issues with iphone 11. after installing the app, and attempting to access it results in crashing.
. great with invoices and estimates on the go. and i can see our sales dashboard wherever we go.
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
hard to use. i recommend the version you load on your own computer. this is unwieldy
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
absolutely amazing. there is no better accounting software on the market, for any size business, than quickbooks! such a powerful tool for such a low price and the qb team are always hard at work making it better.
no too bad. this app for the self employed version is pretty good. using the ipad is less so, mainly because it will not rotate into landscape view and the appearance of the interface is slightly blurry  not sharp like other apple apps. the features though, on the whole are pretty good.
nexus 6p problems. still does not work on nexus 6. i'm trying to run a business this app use to make me efficient. now it sucks that i can no longer log in to upload receipts. i would give it zero if i could.
. mobile invoicing, categorizing expenses, pandl, ect. powerful. get it to save money and sky rocket efficiency in business. sooo good!
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
app issue. i've been using the quickbooks app for over 6 months and it worked fine. now, for the past week the app will not let me access my company data or the data is incorrect after multiple reinstalls. this is very aggravating and qb's customer support stated it's an ios issue. please correct this issue asap. thank you
. great app
. current version leaves the expense input screen up after adding an expense. this can make you double entry as you're left with wondering if the first expense entry went through. otherwise seems stable.
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
. i've been using this for my business for 5 years. i love it because i csn do it on my phone through the app and desktop! it is also easy to collect and sibmitt all my tax info at tax time. works for me, easy to learn, and reliable.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. horribly unresponsive and buggy. lacks feature parity with ios.
great app.. love the app, it's just what i need to do my work.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
. installed on android yesterday. cannot see anything on dashboard. called customer service and they don't know anything about the issue and can't help. she said she can see it on her iphone. account can be seen on desktop version but the mobile app is useless.
so easy!. keeping my books and budget up to date is so simple now. no more hurriedly scratched reminder notes that end up getting lost or having to wait to update my registers. great app!
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
. very unreliable. get frequent errors trying to edit expenses. ui is clunky and errors all over the place. i don't trust the numbers on the expenses either. actually, the expenses are completely wrong. literally doubled versus the website. what a joke.
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
features bugged and gets worse every time they update it. transactions page on ios 13 doesn’t respond atall, you can categorise and transactions or match payments. stop updating the app when you haven’t tested it thoroughly... it’s getting to the point i’m going to start looking elsewhere.
. this is a wonderful app. it now makes my work so easy and accurate..
keeps crashing. i can't do anything with the app. every time i try to open it, it closes out about 5 seconds later. worked great until the last update.
background usage accounts for 50 percent of battery life. this app completely drains my battery. i thought my battery was broken and was about to replace it, but apple tech report suggested i check on battery usage by app and i discovered quickbooks was the culprit.
great app. far easier to use than desktop quickbooks. great software
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
. app is crashing on login. i cannot access my business now.
best business app. very quick, no bugs or errors. love it!!!
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
can't even register. server error when creating company 1000x sgxs5 + sgxts (lollipop)
streamlined management. this is a very intuitive software for finances.
great app but sign in issues. wont let me sign in anymore keeps sayin error restart app.
. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program. the app on a mobile device doesn't even open. it says sync problem. it's been days since i logged into the app. always problems with this company. the app is terrible.....
amazing in app and on line. the perfect accounting platform. easy to use, fast and simple.
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
zero stars new version is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
good app. works for me.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
really!!. i have business to run. fix it !!
great. great software
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
great app. very happy with the app so far. there is a couple thing that would be nice to be able to do from my i pad and not have to go to my computer hopefully in the next update they will.
. app looks great.
. not sure if this was resolved but in reviewing past expenses and invoices, it looks like 85% have disappeared. if i entered more than 1 expense on a single day, it kept 1. some days i entered 56 receipts if not more and now i'm redoing them all. switched to a bookkeeper this year so haven't used the app in 6+ months.
. takes a lot of youtube to learn how to use the app but i love it!
great accounting software. i previously used myob, thank goodness i changed to this  it is light years ahead and is saving me huge amounts of time.
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
love quickbooks. quickbooks is a simple platform that allows a small business owner with excellent record keeping.
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
way to much money for the service don't buy into claims. never is up to date loads so slow a total waist of money.
owner. i have been quite impressed! small owneroperator, able to send invoices, estimates, et al. from my trucklove it!
. after some training it is clear that quickbooks is an invaluable tool for business. after using other cloud invoicing software who have either not covered my needs or have closed down i would hope that qb will be around for the long haul . downgraded by 1 star because the recipt capture isnt quite as good as another app i had .
. this was almost my solution to doing invoices on the road. unfortunately, they do not allow pdf attachments when sending an email. i need to send a pdf not jpegs so until this option is added this app is useless for me.
. it's a great app. i use it all the time with my company. very efficient, and easy to navigate. automatically logs out so no one else can get access to it ( logs out after being in active for a certain amount of time). making banking, estimate invoice, and employees records very easy to keep track of. also love that i can store customers an accept payment online also. only downside sometimes it can be slow but other than that it's outstanding
accounts. simple is the new smart
great service. login problems.. live this service. just got a new phone (note 4). cannot login. i get emailpassword error. i've reset my password several times and can login online just fine.
one man show. this app helps tons: estimate and invoice from anywhere.
. i installed it on my cellphone but wasn't installed because of insufficient storage. so what i did was to delete some apps on my phone. when i tried to install it again to the phone it won't work because the said phone now cannot be access because it's now not highlighted in this quickbook apps
. app crashes after login. reinstalled and still the same error. android using pixel 3. super annoying
quickbooks online. don't usually write reviews but this app is definitely worthy of a review. if you are in the market for an invoicing program this is the only way to go!!
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
not accurate. even after the most recent update the app still dose not accurately reflect my qbo account. all information on vended and clients are not up to date. this had been an ongoing issue for more than a year now. i keep hoping with every update this will be correct, but nothing yet.
easy to use. great system and easy to use on the go or at your computer.
. great app. could do with some improvements which i'm sure will happen. my biggest problem is you can't update your banking transactions through the app, you have to use the website. if you click refresh, nothing ever happens. it's annoying to have to go to the website.
backward compatibility entrapment. i thought i’d try the trial online plus version after being happy with essentials. was not advised during the offer that going back meant having to reenter much of my historical data manually. now i pay for features i do not use or like. their help desk just kinda said...’oh well’. they didn’t even offer to extend the trial offer incentive that had me curious about the product. intuit calls it ‘stickiness’. i call it entrapment.
helped a lot. i am so happy that i listened to the accountant at work who recommended qb to me. it has made tracking business expenses and my taxes so much easier.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
. if this app doesn't work in india why do showing many ads popup and videos and why did you uploaded on playstore india platform
. i am sara. i am new to social media. i found it to be useful aka practical here.
needs timesheet support. price went up 100 a year and still no timesheet support outside of desktop app
. app stops working constantly. mixes up info on invoice and has even added up invoice totals wrong. update getting worse and nothing is being done to fix. have asked for help and get none. i have invoices that have disappeared off the app!? to quick books stop the b.s. and supoort your app.
good product for on the go bookkeeping.. i have more than a few clients i do bookkeeping for. this apple ap does a good job of keeping up with their books. the bank feed is by far better than the desktop version and it can be done on my iphone. i moved my company books from the desktop to qbo so i can invoice on the go instead of waiting to get back to my office.
. preparing to start a business and this software was rated the best. i took a 5 day class for 4hours. i was so happy that i downloaded this app and used in class too.
garbage. i still can't login since last updated. it's been a freaking month
owner. i actually have never written a review for an app, and i've had an every iphone since the 3gs, i read the first review for this app and was so disgusted at the panning i just had to write one in support. i have a small business and use this every day! it's great, well designed and very user friendly. i run a carpet cleaning company and run basically every part of my business with this app.
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk please tell me who to email in response qb
"excellent for my small business. works great on my lg g2. record keeping is considerably less time consuming and easier. love the function of taking a picture of recipts and uploading. sending customers professional looking invoices on the spot from my phone and offering the option to ""pay now"" is awesome! good job!"
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
. great can make invoices on site
search. the search feature needs improvement. can only search by customer info. can’t seem to search for an invoice by keywords that are in the invoice.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
. quickbooks has made it easier for me to streamline my work load so i spend less time in my office and more time on the job site.
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
pretty but not functional. it's bizarre how the graphics continue to be improved but the functionality doesn't. i've been trying to use this app for years but the features i need on the go are missing such as timekeeping. mostly this app seems to work a lot like you would imagine quicken mobile to work, by being able to look up past banking transactions. but i can do that on my banking apps for free already.
great. nice easy to navigate interface. do wish you could import bank transactions like the website though. other than that pretty thorough for what i do.
. we went from pro 2012 to the online version it easy and the android app works very well i can now run my business from under a fishing brolly if i want a day out,! updated, one thing that needs looking at is a ' restore' point i made a mistake and deleted a file with no back up available! can we have a back up please?
. get error message when i login on a mobile phone. works fine in mobile browser and on the desktop. app used to be great but cant even access the tools that i'm paying for anymore
. great app and can finally look at my invoices on the job.
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
never has worked on my s7 edge. i loved this app when it worked with my htc. since i switched to this phone, it keeps giving me an error message and despite talking with support multiple times, nothing has been done to resolve this. i have uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times and it has not resolved the problem. i have seen similar issues reported with this phone.
excellent for the it service provider. as an it service provider, this app allows me to log my hours and mileage in the field. i can even email customer invoices immediately after services are performed. this is, of course, paired with quickbooks online plus, which allows you to log hours per customer. highly recommended!!
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
using new app for a week more problems longer i use it. really unhappy  i am missing data and receiving error messages and my only option for assistance is to use a form. am completely disappointed in quickbooks. limited functionality! come on intuit can't do any better than this and keep up with the times i have to use a computer or laptop to get full functionality?!
great. i love this app. it does what i need.
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
. this app sucks and has for years! maybe if they charged us $1,000 a month then they could get it to work. maybe they just don't care enough to make it work. samsung galaxy s7 will not show entire history for past customers. mildly important!
great app. love it real simple to use!!!
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
crashes since update. i've tried to create a twoline invoice repeatedly since the update, and it crashes every time. will update review when it works.
works well. good app
co owner. we opened a small furniture and decor store. we use quickbooks online with few problems, however the go payments part was terrible. on our opening day it couldn't process 5 credit card transactions and has been sporadic ever since. we bought a new i pad hoping the faster processor would help wrong.
. best accounting software! worst customer service ever!!!! hold times are hours & when you finally get a person, which is a miracle, they get offended if your upset & will hang up on you!they do not want to help you, just keep you trapped in their maze paying that monthly (rediculous) price! all they want is your money! & will hold your important business info & data entered as ransome. *horrible business practice*
. excellent app
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
terrible. this app has so many problems. it will freeze up and the only way to fix it is to delete he app and download it again. i wii ok old not recommend.
. easy to use, very good app to invoice an manage the accountant anywere
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
great app. love the details and ability to invoice or add customers on the go!
. app is nice but it stops automatically some times
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
great to use on the go!. love this app. i use it alongside the website, this is on my phone. it's not as easy to navigate around as the website but it's not intended to use totally on its own. i love being able to send invoices whilst doing other things  really helps me to consolidate my time.
almost great. this app would be better if it had a little more functionality. i would love to be able to upload photos to invoices or even send an invoice from the app. i find myself not really using the app very much because it does not have full functionality. it would be nice if qb could mirror their web based app.
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
from xero to quickbooks. i went from sage line 50 (blinkin' expensive but brilliant if your an accountant) to xero (very good for basic invoices but no estimate facilities on the app, no good for my job) to quickbooks online. easy to use. does what i need. reliable and relatively quick.
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
limited. desktop app for mac is brutal slow. mobile apps ok but limited graphic reports
very convenient!. this app has saved me on so many occasions. being able sending invoices and estimates onthego is awesome.
can’t upload receipts. it’s incredibly ridiculous that you can’t upload receipts from anywhere but your photos app. what if you get emailed an invoice? nope can’t upload it!
. the app crashes half the time i try to use it.
. works good for what i need which is keeping track of jobs and money invoices and estimates
accounts. simple is the new smart
meh.... still can’t accept checks as payment in conjunction with payment services on mobile app. lots of glitches...
pretty good. nice to have my business account online so i can check and send invoices when needed. only annoyance is it keeps fully logging me out.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
typical intuit product. buggy, not awesome user experience. slow, lots of errors, doesn't work most of the time and no support. use freshbooks or something else if you care about running a business.
. very easy and useful
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
not getting started on phone. neither it is getting installed newly on my android phone nor i am able to recover the password of my older account . after collecting all the data it says we don't support it on android in india
. i love this app easy to track expenses.
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
partial funcionality. useless for my business, i have to do my accouting work on a computer, this app doesnt have what i need
very impressed!!!. this is well worth it. we are more on top of our books. it definitely has been a time saver and we love the pay bills from a click option. i really like the alerts to my overdue invoices too.
. i've been using quickbooks for about 15 years. i recently switched from the desktop version of the software to online, and that's ok. this, on the other hand, feels clunky and difficult to manage. i still use it because we're so entrenched in the quickbooks family, but based on this mobile app, i'd definitely look for alternatives of i as starting now.
need ability to accept and categorize bank transactions. an app is supposed to make our lives better. all the bells and whistles in the world to date on qb app don't help if i can't sync my bank and credit card transactions while on the go. can't this be prioritized? surely i'm not the only user who needs to clear my banking transactions and relies on that for expense side.
works like it should!. the app works well and most everything is in the same place as the desktop version.
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
. does everything i need it to!
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
does not work for android any more. after months of calling customer service sending id ,still no luck . app does not work with android phones,it logs in but it's nothing there because it does not want synchronise,so i have my account with no details in it ,except profit and loss. so if any wants to use the app with android phone and have a data on the web do try it .
great app. i love this app. it's very helpful and easy to use. keeps everything organized and in order easy to look up at any time. i highly recommend it for all small businesses. it will definitely make your life a lot easier.
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
be careful. when printing invoices from the app it has a tendency to eliminate parts of the billing address. scary.
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
glitchy. freezes regularly, can't send invoices quite often.
love it. it is nice to be able to enter expenses and check invoices on the run.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
stuck in the test version. it is all great in theory, yet there are so many glitches. you can’t search by address. it crashes too often. frequent notifications that as an example your deposits weren’t recorded properly do you want to fix them? i shouldn’t need to fix the bank deposits. please fix the bugs! oh and not all of my clients made the transition from the desktop version to the online version. also quickbooks asked me to rate quickbooks online 4 times today alone.
. decent app
not bad. pretty nice app. went from desktop manufacturing to quickbooks online. i like having access to my books while at craft fairs and being able to use different devices. still needs some work  it's been weeks and my gopayment account is still not linked and now find out the online doesn't acceptrecognize the chip reader. square app is more robust and may use that instead. also would be helpful to have a mileage tracker.
bad update. used to work good until last update now when i open the app is says downloading company data, gets stuck there for ages. if it finally loads, there are no customer invoices, just payments. tried deleting the app and reinstalling but does the same thing. the pc app works fine and my employees have samsung phones and they haven't complained of any issues may just be an iphone app problem.
. is this app for jewellers?
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
useless. can’t share the online app with my accountant. frustrating and useless!!!!
i love it!. great app haven't seen anything better.
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
changed my life..!. qbo has made the bookkeeping side of my business a dream. it has given me so much time back. if i forget the rest my business to run as smoothly, i would be a happy man…
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
crashes when trying take credit cards. crashing on 2018 ipad pro. multiple times
. great app so far
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
"ridiculous!. i can't believe that i pay $20 a month for an app that won't even let me ""break out"" deposits!!! i am treasurer for a non profit organization and this is crazy! my $ could, and will be spent elsewhere."
. great software!!
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
. im not satisfied at all im at the trial but its hard to link with my account i dont know why? please help me before i delete it for good
. great app great
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
. app still sucks. just had to uninstall and reinstall again. happens about every 4 months.
. great app
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
. update: no longer freezes but is now saving estimates and invoices multiple time and showing 70k extra in income from invoices and bank deposits which it's now not allowing us to match payments with invoices so our only current option is to delete all duplicate payments and have customers outstanding balances until this is fixed
👍. very good app, i'm so happy with it!!
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
doesn’t load (for me). app doesn’t load. tap on the icon and nothing happens. i hope no one else has this problem.
fantastic app. love that you can attach photos on the fly!
. app doesnt start until i hit link 4 ot 5 times
invoice missing. i sent an invoice from my computer but is not recorded in mobile app. prob wont be buying
"divine couch. i'm running a small business called ""divine couch"" and quickbooks has helped me with the day to day accounting tasks like quotes, invoices and receipts, it's been a true charm. i would recommend quickbooks to all small to medium business owners."
. easy to use. the only reason i did give it five stars was because you can't add custom fields to the customer data.
waste. waste of time money and didn't work for me payed $90.00 for something that even the tech support said sorry for the misunderstanding.
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
intuit quickbooks. software
honestly i would rate this app 0!. app doesn't work at all, getting error every time i'm trying to login. no respond from team during a week! just stay away of it!!! if you think that your advice to reinstall would help  you are wrong! i did it already couple if times before your advise finally came in. this app just doesn't work and i wouldn't spent more time for it!!!!!! stay away of it!!!
. well app
owner. love the program i am having problems inputing my desktop customers and previous business information. called the help desk and still waiting forba fix
horrible app even if subscribing!. subscribe to the app yet they want me to pay for a new subscription, waste of money for months!
great software & online support. quickbooks support is great
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
. as stated on my previous review,, i have tried every method including the ones quickbooks suggest and i still cannot find an unsubscribe button anywhere, this is very frustrating and ironic in the fact this app is ment to save you time, i spent half a day trying to unsubscribe to this with still no joy , last result to phone the number which does not work over a weekend.
an excellent tool for my onsite work!. for several years, i've used this app to instantly create invoices right at completion of the task. it never has let me down, and i walk out with payment!
basic functionality is good. this app has a lot of the data that i want to see. limitations are that you cannot do queries or make selections like the online version. i would like it to look and work more like the online version, then i would rate it 5.
. can't seem to input expense reports with the app
love it!. qb is stunningly simple yet superbly sufficient to handle our business needs for invoicing clients, reporting ar and preparing us for yearend taxes. the mobil app is equally impressive!
. excellent app to get into your data on the road. i understand more functionality would be useful but being able to raise & query jobs and send out estimates & invoices 'in the wild' on my mobile phone is a real asset.
new update issues. the previous update solved these issues, but this current update causes error messages with sales rep login whenever creating invoices, and also causes printing communication errors constantly.
. love this app has been extremely helpful
good for viewing, not for editing. can't seem to figure out how to allocate new transactions.
monthly service. forced to use a monthly service that is way overpriced for my usage and needs
. michael amazing app works flawlessl!!!!
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
newest update ruins app. after updating my app touch id no longer works and i can't receive payments and clear invoices anymore also it makes me sign in every time i open the app , before this update the app worked perfect and deserved a 5 star rating , you have ruined it and made it unusable , you need to fix this.
excellent once setup. i run my whole business on quickbooks. it was a little tricky to set up initially but once my bookkeeper had given it the once over, everything was perfect. great stock management system that ties in to the invoices and hooks in with the business bank account. this makes self assessments etc very easy and saves loads of time. very happy :)
doesn't have a bank option. they could do much better though it's good
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
loving the app.. using qb since last 14 years and smart app. lovely.
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
. bank feeds never update. been telling me to check back in a couple of hours for 3 days. resync doesn't work. completely useless without updated banking information. uninstalling and never returning. stick to the web browser bc this app is a waste of my time and space!
a j rooter. it's an easy program to use makes life a lot less aggravating when you can do your work on the road
time tracking. i can create an estimate on the go and keep track of my time in a job.
poor service. difficult to set up invoice template and negotiate site, customer service poor, and when you try to write a review and send it off if the nickname is taken you have to write it all out again. as usual well advertised on tv but fails to deliver.
great and user friendly!. although its quite hard at first but its quite easy to adapt.
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
. not free at all.. they take your valuable information such as email and phone numbers.. then say its 30 days trial.. you will have to pay to get this apps.. many of good free accounting apps are available in play store..
useful app. simplified accounting package.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
. update: no longer freezes but is now saving estimates and invoices multiple time and showing 70k extra in income from invoices and bank deposits which it's now not allowing us to match payments with invoices so our only current option is to delete all duplicate payments and have customers outstanding balances until this is fixed
4 out of 5. great app! the only feature i wish was on here was the ability to write purchase orders and revise them, as it’s not available on the mobile app. other than that, it’s great!
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
just ok. your misleading us when you say i can run my entire business from my phone. try opening an invoice with an employees time added. i also cannot enter time or a vendor bill
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
. app no longer works at all. i've tried uninstalling & reinstalling nothing. i've left emails for qb to contact me regarding this and no response. not looking good for them right now
. great app, easy to use !
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
very helpfu. great app. useful for keeping records even on the go. simplifies so much.
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
. it would be nice if the app was translated in many languages...
. great program for small business
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
. monthly charge. i'm sure the app works great, but there's no mention of a fee until they have your information.
excellent online software. i love this system made my job a lot easier my phone is my office
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
pretty good app. have an issue with multi tasking. app doesn't stay in the multi tasking overflow menu, so when working with my calendar, i need to manually open the app again from the app drawer. pretty frustrating. it's supposed to be a productivity app for small businesses, but its really not
excellent app. easy to use. makes record keeping on the go a snap.
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
asertek ventures llc loves this app.. great app, it completely changed the way my business works we are ten times as proficient now.
latest update is garbage. app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
. this app is horrible. why make something so bad? it needs a complete overhaul. i can't email receipts to an inbox, income transactions don't show gst amount like expenses, i can't view pdf receipts. it's just all round ugly and cumbersome and i've only used it for five minutes. i thought the xero app was bad but it's 5 stars compared to this trash. deleted.
so so. hard to understand how to do a lot of things, and frustrating at times. customer service though is very good, i just wish i had more time to work with them.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
good app. no complains
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
useless app. takes forever or even never to load
awesome. looking forward to seeing what's next!. there's times when i get fuel and the gas pump printer is out of paper. i pull out my phone, snap a picture of the purchase and expense it. brilliant. i would like to itouch login option. it's not to cool punching in your password while shivering. thanks qbo.
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
great for mobile businesses. i'm reading the current version just a 2 because they claim to have touch sign in on the iphone but it does not work properly
pretty good could be great. this ties in nicely with the desktop version. it's not 5* purely because of the actual software not the app itself. the customising of the invoice isn't great and adding previous invoices when you first start isn't great but if you're not worried about that it works well!
keeps crashing. i can't do anything with the app. every time i try to open it, it closes out about 5 seconds later. worked great until the last update.
. the app has been having system errors & technical difficulties since january. why? my credit card is still being charged monthly fees and the product that im being charged for isn't working. your system is broken & flawed. please cancel subscription and refundcredit my card back. i would really appreciate it. i'm not interested in speaking to another rep. refund...
pretty good. we are using this to operate our plumbing & heating company and love it so far. it's missing a few features and wasn't the easiest to setup, but hopefully it will continue to be developed. great for us so far! everyone from management to sales to technicians are on the same page!
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. can't get any email response from quickbooks. bad customer service. i want to download my account transactions but no reply from quickbooks.
very user easy. this app is great. very user friendly!
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
broken. i sign in and all it does is take me to a screen that says it isn't quick books mac. the only buttons on the screen either take me to a webpage saying the app isn't quick books for mac or takes me back to sign in.
really enjoy this.. so happy to switch over to qb online, from the pc version. easy to set up, runs smooth and quickly, and like that i can access from any device.
basic functionality is good. this app has a lot of the data that i want to see. limitations are that you cannot do queries or make selections like the online version. i would like it to look and work more like the online version, then i would rate it 5.
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me.
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
. ceashes all the time, does weord stuff with data, doesnt save lots of bugs on android
. excellent app
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck. *tried clearing data, same issue."
quickbooks is very refined. the app works great and is easy to use
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
broken app?. once i log in it says there has been an error and closes. could someone from intuit please get in contact with me about this?
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
same as other free app. wave does the same and it's free... once it's finish my period i am out.
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
great app. the app is easier to use than the online version on a laptop. well done.
. partial capability cant load expenses in the droid version but can on the apple version. expense management is important. a small thing that has a big impact. wouldnt take much to do and make it five stars.
good app with room for improvement. the features they have work well, but many of the features on the website are not included. it has many of the customer options, but not much else. if they ever make this a fully functional app, i'll give it 5 stars.
. best app for doing business on the go! best customer service by far!
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
great app. i wasn't sure how much i would use this app, but the ability to check status of accounts and stay on top of basic needs while out dealing with clients has me sold. could have more functions but i'm not sure it needs to.
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
i can no longer log in. everytime i enter user name and password and press enterlogin, the password field goes blank and i get a message saying login failed.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
. it's been years and the login still fails 80% of the time. have to clear data in the app just to login. it's a nightmare.
essential. great for ontheroad expense tracking.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
"is anyone home?. i give this app one star because it doesn't let you select zero stars! all i've gotten for three days is an endless loop telling me that""to use this app you need quickbooks online"". no kidding? i'd love to find some of the application problems some of you are complaining about. at least you can turn yours on!"
. very handy for a lanscaper on the go. now i can email invoices as soon as we are finished right from my smartphone, wether i'm standing next to the customer or in the truck. makes my life easier
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
. the first couple of months it was working great. the last two months it complete stopped working, i'm paying for it when it doesn't even work. the bank transactions are way off and it not showing my recent bank transactions.
great app overall. great improvement to the app. can pull up a lot of information on demand. still need some better viewing of bank register on the app. also need to be able to click on expenses in p&l to drill down into the detail. still a great app, but areas to improve.
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
. app refuses login on my phone. pixel 2
much better than the desk top version. i really like this app as opposed to the old desktop version. i'm sure there are updates that could make it better, but i'm satisfied with how it works for me.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
. can't get any email response from quickbooks. bad customer service. i want to download my account transactions but no reply from quickbooks.
. does every thing i need it to do, and i can do it on my phone. so easy to navigate. wouldn't want to run my business without it.
. i'm an owner operator in the trucking industry n i'm new at this so i have one question.witch qb is better for wat i do qb accounting:invoicing n expenses or qb self employed:mileage tracker n taxes
rates have doubled with no appreciable improvement in the system. now i just tried to use the app on an ipad and i cant even generate a journal entry... grrrrrrrrrrrr!
highly recommended. it saves me a lot time from working on invoices and so. it help me on whenever i need it, i just have to take out my phone and i'm able to use what i need to.
. i installed it on my cellphone but wasn't installed because of insufficient storage. so what i did was to delete some apps on my phone. when i tried to install it again to the phone it won't work because the said phone now cannot be access because it's now not highlighted in this quickbook apps
. banking information is typically two days old. honestly it's a pointless app without an option to update banking information. i don't understand why this is not possible on androids. i was able to retrieve updated banking information on my iphone. banking data on the android app is up to 2 full days old. this means a trip back to the office for certain financial decisions and renders reports useless. it's a financial system. banking is a fairly important component of a business' finances!
best app ever. thank you quickbooks making everything simple
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
kinda cumbersome. this app isn't very intuitive and there are a lot of free apps that do the same thing.
very useful. great app yo keep up with your income and expenses. i just love the way everything is set up.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. the service online is terrific. the app errors anytime i try to update from my smartphone for over a month now. support is unresponsive via email.
pretty good!!. just started my business and so far liking what i’m seeing. the app is pretty neat.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
mileage tracker not working.. so far quickbooks support has not been able to get the mileage tracking feature to work on my phone. iphone6. won’t manually of automatically track mileage and wb support has not resolved or explained why. partial functionality is not good enough!
makes it easy. quickbooks has done nothing but make my life as a new business owner a breeze. i can expense purchases, write up invoices and so much more right from my phone when i'm out of the office it's amazing. i don't know where i would be without quickbooks
good program. works different than internet. that causes some head aches.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
. awesome app
nice but crashes. i like the app other than the fact that after a few minutes of work it crashes. it reliably crashes. helpfully they fix it soon, it's frustrating to have to log back in every time.
. horrible customer service and support. do not use there merchant services
. great! i like the ability of generating an invoice without a computer.
"great app. android sg5 needs (negative) """" option when editing the amount entry on invoices."
. worst customer support ever i write email to contact for support they say it's for global support then again i write email to india support they send me to us supposed.sad no response from the company first they sell at 4500 then next week its 500
. does what you need it to do
better than desktop. used to use desktop version of quick books which unless you were an accountant was near impossible for the average person to use. qb online is so much more user friendly!
doesn’t work like the app on a pc. the fact that the apps are not the same on a pc than on the ipad or mobile is frustrating. can’t see running totals on the register, can’t add transactions the same way, etc. and the kicker is the website version doesn’t work at all on the ipad, can’t scroll through the register because scroll bars are absent in chrome or safari. horrible adaptation and makes the ipad useless to conduct accounting business with quickbooks...
best business app. quickbooks has definitely made running my business much more efficient and has made it easier to close on deals. the estimate tool makes it easy to send professional looking estimates to clients, and with a click, those estimates turn into invoices. you can receive payments through quickbooks as well. add the payroll service and you can run the whole business yourself. i would definitely recommend this to any new business start up.
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
could be better. still no auto save. it’s 2018 folks, time to wake up. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
very good app. easy to use. recommended!
a solid program. i like the idea of this application being online because many of my accounts can be updated asap.
. can no longer open app, error returned from client
. the quickbooks mobile app is userfriendly and has most of the functions available the pc app has.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
can't even start the program. i use quickbooks online. when i saw the app, i was excited. i cannot even get past the login screen as it continuously tells me that i have no internet connection (even though i do). if i can't login, the app is useless.
. it's great to send invoices and estimates through email from my phone
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
. i like everything except when using android does not let you check history of customers if it's older than a year say. ios however does. i have android. i need to call one of my employees to check history on their phone which is silly
great app!!. use this daily with my lawn carelandscape business. the only addition i would like to see is the ability to enter delayed charges. as we service each lawn, it would be huge to be able to input the charge for the work rather than do everything at the end of the day. otherwise, no issues at all.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
nice. i love app
. it's nice to have access to qbo account if computer is not available. 4 star due to some functions available thru online but not in the app. i am a qboa user and a pro advisor.
. this app sucks! i can't even login
awesome app!. great product, has everything our small business needs, saved us a lot of time transferring from one program to this. reconciliation is a dream, so simple and easy to work out. have had no issues whatsoever and am very happy with the change over, has made life so much easier. 👍 thank you
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
awful.. you can't even add transactions to your account registers. ridiculous.
we love the qb app. one of the most useful things we have “out in the field” is our qb app that allows us to do bookkeeping by extension. probably the craziest place yet was checking qb from the pyramids of giza in egypt. it’s extremely convenient.
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
. they have stop me for using the software and didn't tell me why.
good for on the go. good for on the o, definitely not the same as on the desktop, but pretty good app for most things you need to do quickly
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
app keeps crashing. app keeps crashing since i got my new iphone. it opens then closes right away. i’ve tried deleting and installing again, i’ve tried rebooting phone; nothing works. any suggestions would be helpful. thanks
the best!. i can't live without my quick books app! better than paying hundreds of dollars for an accountant
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
does not update. i post payments and the sustem still shows full amount due. also will not log in from phone after dozen attempts and entering codes from qb
intuit. great app will be nice when we can scan bar codes on receipts
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
no inventory tracking, no reminder. very disappointed with this no inventory tracking, no reminder for the app no not also for me its pointless quickbooks you better fix it i am cancelling my subscription
easy to use and quick customer service. love this app for my business. makes it easy to keep everything up to date and keeps the books accurate. i recommend it to every business!!
. good app, but it is expensive....
. the online version of quickbooks works well, but the app is terrible. we are in 2018 and the apps still can't do anything useful. why can't we have the same functions and features as the online version. i want to be able to view all my reports at any time. easily key in transactions. the app needs some serious work. no joke.
owner. love the app. makes running my business so easy. i would give it five stars except once i was using the app and the system was down for little while. made me feel a little uneasy
almost great. this app would be better if it had a little more functionality. i would love to be able to upload photos to invoices or even send an invoice from the app. i find myself not really using the app very much because it does not have full functionality. it would be nice if qb could mirror their web based app.
crashes. keeps crashing. can't use app at all.
suivi comptabilité. qbo est viral, on comprend ce que l'on fait et la plateforme est intuitive. autant plaisant sur ipad iphone chromebook ou safari, c'est compatible, pratique et efficace. permet le travail collaboratif en temps réel jusqu'à 5 personnes en même temps. wow
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
. this is a good app for keeping track
there’s just 1 thing... i have been loving the way this program functions. the only thing i continually wish for is that i would be notified when a customer opens an estimate, not just the invoice.
. s8 plus user. anyone else having issues with pictures getting attached to expenses? getting a error message when trying to save? i've been trying to get it resolved with intuit and no one can help. this is unacceptable.
your only retail software. simply the best !
. i like the app, but i can't view all of the vendor bills and payments on the mobile app. i've tried multiple android and ios devices and just can't see the vendor bills and payments. i can see them online, but it would be nice to be able to view them in the app as well.
mileage tracker not working.. so far quickbooks support has not been able to get the mileage tracking feature to work on my phone. iphone6. won’t manually of automatically track mileage and wb support has not resolved or explained why. partial functionality is not good enough!
nice app... i love it.... it helps me keep track of all my company needs... don't have to pay anyone else for what i can do myself... definitely recommend
. app doesnt start until i hit link 4 ot 5 times
quickbooks user. enjoy most of the features but absolutely drives me insane that it doesn’t auto save. i’ll be working on a project get a phone call my ipad shuts down and i lose hours worth of work.
so far so good.. love the app. i think it's great any time i can give an estimate, invoice on the road. thanks.
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
disaster to sign out. i happened to see this app and found it is interesting to scan invoices but turns to be that i have to be a “company” to use it and have to pay so much for it! so expensive!!!!!!
awesome. amazing app perfect
. connect to banking and reconcile in minutes. email invoices...so no snail mail.
. does not work right for 3 months and still not fixed...yet they still charge as if it were working
. it's better easier than what they made the desk top version into.
update to the update.. they fixed the update. i updated my rating.
update is buggy. the latest update won't save invoices correctly and doesn't pull up all my clients names. i hope it's fixed soon i use it daily. also won't allow touch id or pin sign in!
quickbooks made simple. though i'm still not totally familiar with qb in general the app definitely makes it much easier and convenient to use and track accounts activity etc.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. the loading response is rather slow.
the best app out there by far. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far. every update includes a very useful useable option. 👌🏽👌🏽
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
. i would like to use on my laptop and can not, it won't let me use it here, only on my phone or tablet where i originally signed up for use. i can't do all that work from my phone and i don't want to. if i can't use on my laptop, i will have to cancel my subscription
. really good app to use for small businesses
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
problems. when it works it's good. have to sign out and back in or it crashes when customers need to be entered, along with other options.
good. good apps
efficient. does all the work, and reminds me to collect on overdue invoices. i love it! not very expensive either!
app crashes on splash screen. on iphone 6s plus. this has been happening for so long and there is no action taken. i’ve tried uninstall and reinstall multiple times and nothing is working.
great app. works good for on the go
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
. not support in india
easy, fast, convenient. love using this app! it is really easy to navigate and lets me do everything i need to very quickly. always in sync no matter which device i'm on.
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
invoices don’t look great. the issue i had when using quickbooks was the invoices just didn’t look very polished or professional. there’s a way of setting up a custom invoice, but really you want a good default so you don’t have to muck around.
great. very user friendly
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
. i found that being unable to add employees and what they make per day without using payroll services is a little inconvenient, as a small company we do not always want to use a payroll service but do the payroll inhouse, therefore it should be made available that we can do that if we want to the older versions of quickbooks allowed you to do this
great app, very useful and always improving!. this app is the greatest tool in our businesses ability to streamline work, easy to use.
. more nicer with the update but i still can't give my customers discounts, i wish it would let me make a negative quantity or rate while making and invoice.
microsoft files. no sending microsoft files as a attachment. i don't understand why there is a difference. come on guys make this a convent program fo us users,
. this app helps me keep my clients in order and helps me to keep up with payments.
. preparing to start a business and this software was rated the best. i took a 5 day class for 4hours. i was so happy that i downloaded this app and used in class too.
could be better. still no auto save. it’s 2018 folks, time to wake up. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go and how it syncs with quickbooks online.
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
i need this app. i really need to use this app. but everytime i try to create an account it says connection error. i have been sending multiple emails about the same for the past month and no reply. five stars if you fix this problem
i love this app. small business owners dream, easy to use, inexpensive, web based....awesome on the go
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
disappointing. this is a very unstable product with an unreliable app server. if my accountant didn't require it, i would not use it! my deposits have not updated for two weeks. i'll let you know when that's fixed.
great app. first time business owner and have to say it's a great way to stay organized
sage. there are far too many bugs for my business to depend on this. what is really more important than dependability in book keeping software? besides there are very limited features to begin with.
. payment to vendors are shown as expense
. having the app makes quickbooks that much easier. now i can write invoices on my phone no matter where i am at. time saver!
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
. newest update (android nougat, galaxy s7) when creating an invoice or estimate, upon saving it just hangs. because it hangs, you try to back out. when trying to back out it asks if you want to save changes, you can select no, only to discover that your ten attempts to save did in fact create ten invoices. specifically the component that should after a save, take you out of invoice editing to look at the invoice is not operating correctly.
great app. i don't have any problems with the app, seamless integration with the desktop.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. love this app.... only two things that i can't figure out. first, will not let me have a service date when making an invoice. most important, cannot figure out how to get it to accept the online payments thru ipn. on the desktop version it is highlighted on the invoice and in the email when its sent. other than those two issues, this app is great. would love to use this daily!
. the app is a wonderful accompaniment to the software which makes tracking expenses and invoices really easy
great app! but quickly falling behind the ios version. our business purchased nexus 7 4g as it is much more cost effective and portable than an ipad mini. i recently looked at the ios capabilities in accessing my quickbooks data, i was very surprised to see so many more options. signature capture. scan a credit card from within the app etc etc. all of these feature are not on the android version but on ios. :(
1 step forward  2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to redownload all the info. hurry up and wait
. love this app. makes tax time so much easier. couldn't be much happier.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. you have priced me out. i'm going to find another program. $40 a month is ridiculous.
keeping it together. love this app it really helps me keep my books in order.
. what i don't like about quick book is that when u use your phone to record a payment. you have to use the computer to move the cash from undeposited cash to cash in hand. but it is a good accounting software. and i love it
"soooo slow. i have been using this app for about three years , and it was very functional and useful, but now, almost every time i open it, it says ""downloading data,"" and stays there... for 35 minutes doesnt matter whether my phone is on wifi or cell coverage. i hope they fix this bug."
very nice!!. have been using this app and computer software for 2 years now. very easy to use, have had no errors or screw ups with the app. it's great to link bank accounts to app for instant payments from invoiced. it's helped me with my business and accounting dramatically
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
overpriced and does not have all the features i use and need. look elsewhere for accounting software.
perfect app. perfect app
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
not ipad friendly. although the web based system works pretty well from a desktop or laptop it is very unfriendly on the ipad.
top notch. awesome! don't know what i would do without it. i guess put everything on paper lol.
. like others have stated, this was a great app until the last update. after a few tweaks the app is up & running fine now. every so often it will ask for me to log on again even though i just used it. other than that it works fine.
. can't add items i used to live this app. i wished it would work when i add a item. to my invoices evertine i tap add item and choose my item to add it says error add item. it reallly stinks because i loclve using this app while i am in the road. now i habe to bring my computer and take time to find wi fi hot spots to use my computer please fix thia problem. our help me fix it
. loved the experience.
timed out....... worked for 2 hours on typing big estimate, session timed out, lost everything, how is this able to happen? we send people to the moon in 1969 yet we can’t safeguardprevent this app from wasting hard work and precious time. it’s the first time i thought i could throw my ipad into the next county. fix this stupidity
. very hard to do on phone
. simply superb
. awesome intuit continues to improve the app. i feel like i get more for my money.
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
. good app i enjoy this app but i do wish that it had the employee section. you can not clock hours for an employee.
. please add support for whattsup business app
disappointing. this is a very unstable product with an unreliable app server. if my accountant didn't require it, i would not use it!
. must have app for a small business
. worthless program. i am a quickbooks pro advisor and user for 20 years. this just does not work well and there are better applications out there.
glitches. app has lots of glitches. try to create an invoice and it was not working. quickbooks has been awesome up to this point. i run my whole business through quickbooks in this new update has been a disappointment. should've left it alone!
quick books app. have been using quick books app for my business for a few months now, and i am very impressed with the package, as it's great value for money. i enjoy being able to use the app on my phone as it offer all the services that i need to be able to quickly raise and send invoices and pull up important info.
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
great app even a green horn can use.
. my issue has been partially resolved. i would give them 4 stars if the process wasn't so difficult.
terrible. so many problems i don’t even know where to start. i transferred my desktop version to online with the last year and half reconciled. i know have to go back and reconcile again. also  it keeps crashing. there are good things about it but overall not so happy with the software.
. i use this for my startup business. the invoices help a lot!
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
. pitiful. they bricked my account, broken for over a week. third world software.
best accounting app i've used. this makes my business run smooth and conveniently, i hope they bring more functionality to it still.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
can't even open an account!. i live in spain and the app won't accept my mobile number. i even tried a uk number but even that doesn't work. thumbs down for not even letting international customers to use or even view the product.
great app. if the sales history chart can show more than one year will be perfect ( at least 2 yrs )
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
. make sure you know what services they provide, as customer support likely knows less than you do.
. love that i can create invoices and estimates on the go. although i would like to manage payroll wirelessly.
learning curve and then it's awesome.. takes some getting used to but i've now got it and it's actually very useful and easy to use. integration between my pc and iphone make it easy on the go and sitting at home. estimates, invoices & expenses all in one app.
. you are loosing users. i also cann't login. please give me possible way to sign up.
quick and easy. it really is.. i love the new qb online.. great job.. the app is awesome
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
. how do i unsubscribe? i've been getting charged 5 bucks per month for a app that i deleted
great app. i personally find the app easier then the desktop version. everything is quick and easy to do. raise an invoice or estimate instantly and see your bank account balance. great.
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
. how do you update the bank feed manually? there's no refresh button and pulling down from the top doesn't work? super laggy after the latest update...re intuit, nope, no refresh pull down or button next to the + also, still crazy slow and choppy
great app. great for when you're on the go
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
"confusing and cluttered app. i love that nearly all of the features in the desktop app are here in the mobile app. however the interface, especially the home page, is confusing and cluttered. ""company activity"" is a bit useless as the default page. show me the charts of paidunpaid invoices. i think the developers are tasked with including every single feature and that clouds their design judgement. it's not an easy ask but let's make this app more mobile friendly."
great. for a small business owner quick books and the app have really improved my ability to effectively handle alot of my back end paperwork more easily.
. u need to put the all app in full.
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
. working great. people complaining about the price aren't using all of the features. i now pay less because i got rid of other programs and apps.
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
". won't allow me to update ""company information"", so customer invoices and receipts show the wrong information displayed. not a way to run a business, only track p&l. disappointing."
. very useful....has quite changed the way i track my business
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
pro advisor. the training videos and exam are not opening on my ipad. apparently doesn’t work with safari. i have tried everything possible in my settings.
. great app great aap for my business for all my on the go needs....lacks some features but worth it
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
. piss poor app most of time it don't work keeps saying error. very disappointed
good app. good app
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
awful app  doesn’t fully sync with online data. i keep getting notifications about a 6 month overdue invoice, which i used for testing. however, when you try and remove the invoice, it can’t find it. the online version is fine if a little overpriced for soletrader business, but this app, which costs nothing, is worth exactly that. it’s next to useless.
very handy. great to keep track of invoices and call outs. very easy to use
enables my business.... ...to run smooth and accurately from monthtomonth, yeartoyear. managing multiple clients and accounts would be a nightmare without quickbooks.
. after eading all the problems and seeing 90% of the reviews being 1 star im going to save a headache on this scam app should be taken off the market or sued for false advertising and costing people thousands of dollars. all the responses from support sound like they are prewritten for the complaints. please take app off the market and quit ruing the admin side of peoples hard work to start a business.
sooo easy. i love quickbooks. has made my life so much easier
good presentation. the app does not provide the option of tds in invoice which is provided in pc browser. so a star less from me
doesn't work!. it hardly used to work, now it doesn't work at all. my boss is constantly on me for missing invoices, well i can't make them because the app doesn't work! crashes immediately when i try to open it. when it does open, it will let me sign in then give me an error.
. very logical and functional software,.
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
. it used to be a great app. but they even do not allow me to login anymore.... i did change the password so many times and did uninstall and install the app. now, i need to go back to my old iphone or lapy for my bookkeeping:(
east coaster. i love the online version. i can use my laptop, ipad or iphone to update, send quotes or invoices and even take payments via email.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
. major issues with app and desktop versions. back and forth calls to solve the issues. finally gave up and cancled. on the plus side, customer support on the phone was polite. however, the product itself isn't worth the trouble. this will be the third time i have called in asking about my refund, its been almost 2 months... still waiting.
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
pretty good but no international customers?. the vendors that are set up as eu or other don't show up on interface, a problem when half your business is international. also, entering invoices is cumbersome, only use for extreme circumstances. but nice to have something that partially functions when on the run.
recurring payments.. i really wish i could set up recurring payments from the app and also delete invoices
. nice app keeps my company organized, very easy to use
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
crashes on ios 13. don’t install if you are on ios 13. this doesn’t work. it just crashes.
. perfect app so easy to work with it and so helpful
excellent app. i cannot tell you how much time i'm saving now. i wish i had changed to online years ago.
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
easy and convenient. i own a construction business, and have grown very fond of this app. it's really convenient to use the app to maintain our books on the go. my husband and i wear many hats in our business. our time is precious, but quickbooks online helps free up some of that time with its ease of use.
good start, but i need to enter time tickets on this app.. hopefully they add that feature soon.
it's not working. it's not working in india for aondrid os .. useless app
very good app.. really like this app.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
. garbage. been with qbo for 4 years. app is impossible to use now more than ever
. good app!
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
can't log in.. it worked with my old phone. since i upgraded to an lg g5, i can't use it.
. great app! the ability to update my account regesters on the go would make it a 5 star app.
decent. not as full featured as website
not free. not a free app, just trial. tfn. re: your response, like i said it says it's free but it's not free..
. this is a great app has saved me lots of time when doing paperwork. easy to manage and work
milage. like what it offers but for me to pay for it i need a way to track milage. this is the one huge advantage the desktop version has that the app doesn't seem to offer.
good, not great.. quickbooks online can do everything i need it to do. but i have trouble getting invoices, quotes and expenses saved to the cloud. it's annoying and aggravating to be waiting for things to upload. if the cloud sync thing worked seamlessly, then it's a 55 for sure.
great. not perfect.. very useful program. could use a little bit of polishing though.
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
pretty useless. very slow and painful to use, doesn’t let you bank any payments etc. probably only useful for those who wish to produce very basic invoices
great app. love the flexibility it gives me!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
don’t waste your time. the developer is very slow to fix bugs and non responsive when a complaint or ticket is generated. the tax rates are a total mess in the app. there is very little control over adding new or editing existing rates generated by qb while using the online version. any time i use an apple product i have the same issue.
. this is a easy to use app and makes keeping track of finances easy i'm still having no problems using quickbooks and it just gets easier and easier . and if you need help the team is there , i recommend this especially if you have no real experience u swing an accounting system
. app is nice but it stops automatically some times
. entered in info 2 link bank business card. then i went & made a purchase with that same card & nothing showed up. giving apps a shot, even though i know in the back of my mind that anything can be hacked. i'm not trying this again will uninstall.
love it.. i love this app. easy to use and is pretty reliable within little downtime. however i would like more options like inclusion of sku numbers and the ability to pay for subscriptions within the app.
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
can not save estimates. i'm able to imput items for estimates but error message pops up when i try to save.
this app makes being a business owner much more enjoyable. to be able to keep track of finances, outgoing & ongoing charges made all the difference for my small business.
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
. awful software!! support is ridiculous. 6 month of transactions went missing. now have to buy software for $80 to convert pdf to qbo files and upload manualy. what a mess. try something else, not trust worthy.
revolutionized my business. i don't know how i would be able to run my business without the quickbooks program now that i've had it for several years. i'm just starting to take advantage of the mobile capabilities of the program and it's great!
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
. this has to be the worst app going zero customer support constantly lied too been trying for 3 weeks to send an invoice and they don't care as long as you keep paying absolute rip off...not far from being a scam spoke to managers about problems and still nothing done do don't waste your time or money...try any other program or stick to pen and paper far better and less stressful
quick books. great app
i like it but am confused. the app works very well, but i am confused how to change a quote from pending to approved. when i click on edit the option does not come up
needs to be qb online, this app is something else entirely.. the ipad version of this program (and android for that matter) really need to match  exactly match  the web version accessed through quickbooks online in a web browser. the differences are notable, and the experience moving from one version to another is unpleasant. i can’t recommend the ipad version of this program.
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
. not intuitive. bad customer satisfaction services.
. quickbooks has allowed me to continue with my business by taking care of all of the administrative work for my business. thank you quickbooks
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
. terrible. my bank account will not sync and support refuse to contact me. no transactions show up other than the ones that appeared the first time i downloaded this app. definitely not worth paying for the full version.
great app. i am just learning how to use it better things i would like to see is how to create a priceless
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
"cumbersome. cumbersome and clunky to deal with. constantly checking to make sure i'm not a robot. security is appreciated but this is ridiculous and really slows me down. used to be good but got updatedtweaked""improved"" past the point of being useful. now i dread having to use it."
life saver. apart from the fact i have to input my password every time, this app is a great compliment to the version i use on my laptop. so easy to use, can invoice on the spot. very happy.
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
. inventory can't manage by this software
love this app!. easy to use on the go!
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
. app wont log in to my samsung phone, tried a number of different things including deleting data and cache as well as uninstallinstalling it. i know my account is fine because it works on my apple phonecomputer with no issues. please help!
. great app for business!
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
. app has no functionality. stick with online version.
. it's a great apps. but we should have option to add vehicle expenses as kmml spent like self employed apps !!!!
app is awesome but works better on iphone than android. love the app however why can't i pull up profit loss statement graphs on my s6? this was extremely simple on my iphone 5. any help?
. i dislike it ,zoho books much better than this. bcoz i am not able to add my company logo, not even able to edit my invoice number, not even to able edit my invoice columns. i wasted my money.
. easy to use. very convenient great app
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month.
program not working. i pay itunes for subscription. i pay directly to them and my program is not accessible to me because it says is expired. i make a case with them 1 mouth ago. create another case 2 days ago. and still i am not able to use the program. payed buy me 2 times (direct to them and itunes). do not use this program you will regret like me.
. useful for my business needs at the moment
. i have already paid for this software and it would be great if this came free as it does with my security and vendors software. it is not worth $9.99 a month when i still have issues with it.
is not accurate. my accounts are not in sync with my bank and credit card ontime balance. needs update.
i love this app. this is the easiest to use and simplest way to use it.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
great software. few issues lots of results this product is easy to use and reduces time spent in the office its mobility is my favorite part use with my phone tablet laptop and desk top devices payment network nice but a little pricey
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app!
app barely compatible with computer. the the features on the app and computer barely cross over and i can never find customers on the app that i have on my computer so i have to jump back and forth to make things work.
very convenient and up to date with technology. i love the ease of bookkeeping using this app. a perfect complement to my accounting software.
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
negative stars  if possible. i find it amazing intuit promotes such an obvious clunker. why don't they just buy square and tie that in  or at least imitate it. intuit is lost when it comes to transactional businesses. at any rate  as almost all users point out here  this app is useless and should be an embarrassment to intuits development team.
. very excellent apps
. had difficulty with seeing my total mileage, but was guided by a rep.
ios 11 not ready? lot of bugs and crashes. every time i’m make a new invoice it crashes and take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
. so far so good. my business isn't big so this software is just enough.
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
crashes constantly every time i try to use it!. crashes multiple times every time that i try to use the app! on line works fine. the app keeps freezing saying saying critical updates needed! but i already updated app and deleted the app and reinstalled it. i tried everything i could do. so frustrating! older versions worked well. this is on an iphone xmax. newest phone .., latest version ... not working!!
finally!!!. finally, quickbooks has catered for the truly 'on the go'...and the app is really good too! well done intuit! just need to make this drive down the cost now and then we would really be goo :)
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
the app used to work?. why do companies change apps from functional to crash is beyond me?
. i have much more to learn but it has met all of my needs after 3 months making the accounting easy.
. i use it for invoicing for a security and surveillance company and it does not give me any problems.
they do not fix bugs at all.. constant new annoying bugs that have been around for years now. i have written multiple times to help make them aware, now i have been writing complaints and still no fixes. am literally logging into the app every single time i open it. i have to use this app for my work. no choice. but if you have a choice then you should choose literally any other app. this company is terrible.
. love the mobile app. it's quicker to enter in info than the desktop , especially when your on the go. i just love that feature.
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
app not working since update. normally i'd give the app 45 stars but every time i log in now it says sign in successful but there is no online account associated with the email and to start a free trial. however when i login from safari, i get in no problem. please fix as i am unable to access data from my phone.
great job!. now i know when an invoice has been emailed. very complete app! now we just need a bulk action.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. app freezes and crashes several times a day. the photo receipt scan feature is probably the biggest culprit. even simple things like updating my business contact information yields an error message which is usually followed by a crash. the mac version of qbo isn't any better. similar issues there. very clunky, buggy applications. too much time spent troubleshooting. time for an alternative.
. i love the freedom that qbook gives me with the online version i can work at any place out side of the office.. also update are free and there free support team are the best. thanks so much qbook for be there for my business and me..
. pos app!
app does not open. after the latest update, the app does not open. it has been a real inconvenience.
wow! loving the switch!. it's more than i had ever expected. using square or other solutions or good old fashion checks in the mail are nothing compared to how seamless qbo has made my life. that mac app, ipad app, iphone app and even the apple watch app give me the pulse on our company that i've needed for so long. can't wait to grow into more solutions with qbo!
. it keeps things simple for us.
will not let me access my info!!!. ever since i got new phones for my technicians ,samsung s5, i have not been able to access any of my customers, transactions, or invoices. i use qbo for my business, but have now lost all mobile capabilities. if not resolved, i will be forced to use a different accounting software. 5 stars if working properly.
. good accounting software. use it mainly for invoices.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
awesome!. fantastic app. as a freelancer i am often away from my office. being able to create estimates and have my clients sign them on the spot has been great. and being able to send invoices from anywhere has absolutely changed my life! love it.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
they do not fix bugs at all.. constant new annoying bugs that have been around for years now. i have written multiple times to help make them aware, now i have been writing complaints and still no fixes. am literally logging into the app every single time i open it. i have to use this app for my work. no choice. but if you have a choice then you should choose literally any other app. this company is terrible.
so easy to use. such a great platform to use. i can easily work remotely or at home and have no issues. as a finance professional i recommend quickbooks to anyone who is a non accountant
. i am downloading this app but downloading is very slow. happening only with this app.
poor payroll and after service tech support.. been waiting months to try and sort it out. hours on the phone. not worth the energy anymore. looking at zero as a worthwhile option. regret being tricked into the cheap price. pay peanuts you get monkeys.
. needs a millage tracker as per your other app. this app has almost everything i need. would be 5 start with that addition
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
expenses tab stopped working. please fix the expenses tab. it's greyed out on this version and i can't use it.
much help. other then the normal bugs, this program works well and is easy to work with. nothing in this life is perfect but they strive to make it so. thank you staff of quick books. keep up the good work. peace & blessings.
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
. this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
. financial software on the go
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
cannot find anything useful in the app. how do i display a report of unpaid bills? far too limited to be of any use.
quickbooks. it's a great app.
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
should have been ready for io13. i waited patiently while running the io13 beta & this app not working. but now that the official io13 public release is available i have to give this 1 star, 0 if i could. the app just crashes!! quickbooks, you should have had your app ready way before this public release.
. very efficient and in depth of a record of labor expenses and profit
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
"cheap. it's one of those slickly apps that pops up in your search result which is filtered to show only free apps. after you waste your time downloading and signing up, it tells you to start your free ""trial""."
amazing app!!!!. love quickbooks and also the app. excellent layout design. just one thing is needed. please allow the app to support touchid for the login process. this would be just the best update ever! thanks
pas mal !. application très conviviale — me sauve plusieurs heures de pénible saisie comptable par mois. quelques petites fonctions additionnelles permettraient une utilisation encore plus conviviale, comme le fait de pouvoir par défaut définir des taxes (qui sont, dans 95% des cas toujours la même chose) au lieu de devoir spécifier le tout chaque fois...
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
quickbooks. very good app i will purchase after my trial thanks
"great app. android sg5 needs (negative) """" option when editing the amount entry on invoices."
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
. excellent app. gives compete access.
needs some work. this app is good but needs more work. error message kept popping up while working in it. some tasks are missing like entering bills. can't find sign out button or switch to a different company.
meh, no project profitability reports in the app. as a construction business all our accounting revolves around p&l reports per project. the onlinedesktop app gives us the project report but the app does not, which makes the app pretty much useless. our best solution is to login to our qbo account through safari on the phone to see the real time project profitability, shouldn’t the app do that?
easy to use. love this app, easy to use.
. think it is great to a point. having trouble posting a sales receipt. can't get to my comp. wanting and needing more.
locks up. cannot load company data. does not work since app update.
director. nice and simple. can be figured out by anyone.
. what i don't like about quick book is that when u use your phone to record a payment. you have to use the computer to move the cash from undeposited cash to cash in hand. but it is a good accounting software. and i love it
be warned about quickbooks. this is not software. it’s ransomware. every two or three years they make it break and force you to upgrade. the upgrade is the same price as buying it new. the online version is just as bad. when i started using it it was $15 a month and now it’s $40 a month. be smart and don’t become a slave to intuit company.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
. this app no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
great. app
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
horrible. please update this app so it stops crashing during every use!!! also, critical updates every time you try and do anything???? getting old and frustrating. fix it!!!!! also, why when you update a transaction, it saves it from before the update, so you are doing the work twice???
loved it. its very useful app to track expenses and invoice.
i'm trying the app now i have a question. can i acess from a pc too? or is it only for the phone?
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
. i would like to be able to invoice from the app.... but other than that, i love it.
. user friendly for the droid not so much in the appleipad.
invoice and estimates not saving after last update. you will have to delete app. then reinstall then it will save.
love it. great app, couldnt do anything without it!
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
love it!. easy to use, great for mobile business. can create invoices with your own logo, receive payments and log them from anywhere. send invoices as well. i don't know what i would do without it! have a makeup business and recommending to my father too!
. would be nice to be able to record deposits through the app. the whole reason i have this app is so i don't have to go onto a pc. also, an option for digital payment, ie paypal venmo etc.
. purchased app following welcome link from qb online thinking they would integrate and work together seamless, not so totally separate and no vat invoicing. cancelled same day billed for a month.
great. great app, great software all around for my small business!
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
"buggy, rough, glitchy. frequently disconnectswon't sync to my companies data. frequently ""has trouble emailing this form"" when i try to send clients invoices. frequently is unable to save invoices. using 4g lte network and wifi with same results. says i'm offline when connected to wifi and network. only way to solve problems is seemingly to uninstall and reinstall app. update: now app frequently won't create pdf's that i can then print out. absolutely horrible for mobile business convenience."
. great app. life gets easier.
track time. so far i’m pretty unhappy with this app because i thought that i could use it to track my time while i was with a client with a timer. i know that i read that somewhere when i was researching this app. that would have been a perfect feature. if this is something that i can actually do and someone can let me know how to do it i will change my rating to 4 or 5 stars.
. very miss leading and is nothink like the tv advert. not to easy to use and over all disappointed. having to use it because of my accountant. no impressed!!!!
best business finance management app period!. bombdiggity
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
. dashboard won't even populate. menu button doesn't work. i can only see recent activity. i can not use the app at all!!!!
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
. the previous version didnt update dashboard. this latest version does not run on my samsung s9 at all. quits with an error after signing in. i have uninstalled, reinstalled, still won't work.
. awesome app!
. i am doing my husband's billing for his company, since it was taking so much of his time. since this not my 'real' job, this app makes it easy do billing and record payments from any device at any time. thank you!
functional with problems. the latest update took away the ability to choose territory in the app even though using a web browser does. i contacted intuit to report the problem. very nice but nothing has been done to fix it. also, common reports aren't available in the app.
. thank you for the update guys 😊 perfect accounting app for my firm
how to raise downloads by 10 times?. how to raise downloads by 10 times? service, daily installs can reach 3000+. ping me at skype& whatsapp:+8615282351612 facebook:aso888. every one can get a test promotion for 3 days now!
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
great app.. can do everything while on the move.
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
. i am unable to open the app passed the sign in page. just continually crashes right after logging in. poor app
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
. never received money from paid invoices. terrible customer service
. new to the program
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
missing too much functionality. basic features like looking at an account are missing. my chart of accounts are listed but clicking to view transactions says this account not viewable in the mobile app.
best business app!!!. i love using qb for my small business. love the auto reconciliation. professional looking quotes and invoices. it's amazing!!!!
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
good. excellent app. some very slight issues with layout and the occasional page that can't be used on ipad. but overall good. would recommend to others
quickbooks. it's an alright app. can be too difficult. but there aren't many other options.
. downloaded this app 3 times and still close as soon as it opens. hard to use in the field if i can not get in.
. still learning the ropes. so far so good. being able to submit quotations efficiently and itemized makes all the difference. quite easy to learn and keep track of expenses.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
bad. the worst customer service (intuit)
. this app is fo real ya'll
crashing after ios 13 update. after ios 13. i can not log into my quickbooks app please fix this asap
it's not like the desktop version. why doesn't this have the same functionality as the desktop version? what a joke it is. i am so ready to switch to anything else!
great but needs to add acct payable. love the app but can't look up status of payments to vendors and outstanding bills to be paid.
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
love the app!. convenient
. whats the cost after free trial
won't save receipts. try to record receipts in expenses, just get error message. called the number the message had, person they don't offer support for mobile devices or their app.**** update i did as you requested the day you requested and to date have not heard back from your staff. same issue with samsung 10.1 tablet and s6 phone.
very helpful. this app does everything we need to organize our finances for our cleaning business.
love it, but. i love the app, but different devices have different functions. some things i have to do on the laptop. the internet version will crash and i have to reload it. not sure if its my internet connection or not. it is helping me get more organized and ready for 041516, ugh!
this mobile version sucks. you can't do all the things you need to make the forms as you can on your computer. and if you have the old online version on your computer do not update to the new version you'll likely wish you hadn't.
great for contractors. on the go app that helps with contracts and invoices . i can use ipad or even phone to show my clients and get approval and signature for new contracts . just what i was looking for
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
. use this app in desperate situations. features are limited. i cannot record deposits via this app.
so far so good!. this app has come in very handy!
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
. so watered down it's basically useless. better off waiting until you get to a computer if you're actually trying to accomplish anything.
great online accounting software. easy to use, available from everywhere.
yep. great app...appart from the lack of multi currency function...and would be great if we could easily switch company as on the web
. can not login
great app. love this app. it makes running my business easier.
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
app not working on my phone. app is currently not even loading before it crashes. nextbit robin on marshmallow 6.0.1. sent error report weeks ago and nothing yet...
decent app missing features. overall the app works good. i wish it had some of the website features such as the ability to post deposits considering depositing money is a mobile activity.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
. while logging in it says app features from android in india is not available try from the web
fantastic app with room for improvement. this is a really great app allowing you to perform your data entry while on the move. however, i really wish u could of saved your electronic signature and that it was available for the web app. the bills feature is also missing from the mobile app.
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
. doesn't actually show invoices or customers. features are mostly broken or sporadic. using the website is a much better option.
. great app for small business works wonders for me
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
cannot link to amex. caution, you can no longer use the mobile app to link to your american express account. i first installed it in 2015 it was awesome because it linked to my american express account and i could go through and enter them into quickbooks very easily. now unfortunately they have just simply discontinued that feature for some reason and their technical support people refuse to even acknowledge that they used to do it in the first place
. great app
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
. sucks. can't create invoices easily. much like quick books online it has become to complicated....after years of both i'mm switching
. great app
. its pretty good, but the scroll bar on the side of the expenses list is driving me absolutely insane because i keep accidentally scrolling and jumping through the list
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
bon début, good start!. the online qb 2014 interface is a big wow! but this one is not yet reaching the expectations, it´s a good beginning, bon début. when do you add french and spanish languages?
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
great support. we use the app almost exclusively to keep our business mobile. recently had an issue and contacted customer chat to get it resolved. they had me screen record it happening and said they would push to engineering for fix. honestly didn’t expect anything fast but they fixed the issue and included it in the new patch. it’s been about a week or less so a big thank you the support teams for getting it fixed and getting us back to normal.
add missing payroll  keypay. please add missing keypay. thanks
incomplete and not easy to use. privacy settings are lacking as they previously were in the online version. to be useful, i need to be able to pass the ipad to a sales associate sioux giving them the amount of access they currently have (with the limited privacy settings). also, the login and password system is cumbersome meaning it isn't quick to open up the app to charge a customers card (faster to run it through the online version)
. improving with each update!
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
it works for about 10 transactions.... then it freezes and incorrectly categorizes your selections. lots of fun.
. great app does everything you need it to do on the go. perfect!
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
doesnt seem to work on lg g4. cant even log in to the app.raised it with quickbooks support over a month and we still cant seem to get it working
. excellent app it let's me access all the vital information that i need from anywhere i have cell service.
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
. worst decision ever do not waste your money. i wish i chose a different way to balance my company books. the customer service is absolutely atrocious. theu mislead you when selling the product to you. don't waste your money!!!!!!!
awesome. the app provides an excellent opportunity to update all expenditures to find out exactly what's in my bank account anywhere i have signal for my phone.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
. i own a landscape company and have always needed to do invoicing at the job. this works wonderful for me! make the invoice, email it to customer, and they can pay me on the spot!
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
. 1 star due to being conned by the sales staff. downloaded app and was offered 50% reduction if i signed up. next day get a call from quickbooks sales team saying they could offer the price lower for 12 months, signed up and looked at the offer on the app was lower. its a good tool but sales obv just want to meet their targets
. great app for small bussinesses on the go
needs some work. this app is good but needs more work. error message kept popping up while working in it. some tasks are missing like entering bills. can't find sign out button or switch to a different company.
qb. completely unusable since 6th september update. crashes all the time on latest ios please fix this.
easy and effective. very easy and convenient, would just like if they add the ability to create a purchase order to suppliers from the app.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. great improvements in the app. extra features are a great bonus. well done. on iphone 7 the app crashes when upon opening banking is selected. i've reproduced 5 times.
user friendly. very happy so far....
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
cody. no reports. no p&l. can not work with downloaded transactions, which for me is critical. looks good, but is not really useful if your trying to get work done. maybe it will get better!
projectivity. great app for my consulting business. once you enter your data quick books can show you a picture of what your business looks like; where your money is coming in by customer. instantly produces reports, reminds you if you have invoices overdue and can be linked to your bank. what more would a small business want? i love this bookkeeping program. :)
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
ez modern business book keeping. i love this app program... it's very ez to apply it with your business services.. download it 2day!
great app & program  must improve search engine. fantastic program with brilliant features. it does need some urgent fixes. one being to be able to search through an account such as cash sales and be able to find a name, address or phone number.
. i have tried to download app on my ph using play store but after 5 attempts still can't download very frustrating as i need to use this away from home.
kenneth w. elliott sr.. easy to use and easy to personalize almost everything. would like to be able to change the quickbooks automatic invoice number to suit my needs. wish it had quarterly tax payment capability though and be able to send them to the irs.
. really nice accounting app. loads of integrations via desktop browser. even a desk top app that i suspect is node based. the best feature which is lacking in other accounting apps is transaction memos. that £200 i lent my mate in july is useful info when you look back a year later.
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
. love that i can create estimates, invoices, and view my banking account activity all on the go with one app.
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
lacking. app is seriously lacking in functionality. don’t buy quickbooks online unless you plan to do most of your work from a desktop. kind of defeats the purpose. way overpriced and they keep raising the price too :( wish i had stuck with the quickbooks pro platform.
user friendly. this app is simple to use, easy to grasp, and professional in presentation.
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
. i keep getting a error that says unable to view payment because it includes finance charges. very frustrating when you can't view invoices.
. using it to track expenses and take pictures of receipts. working great for me.
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
stopped working. i used to get nice p&l reports on my dashboard. all those reports disappeared after latest iphonr update.
. awesome app
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
it's ok not super. i'd like to have the ability to creat checklists and forms that aren't effectively invoice like. i also don't like intuit screwing with their databases and allowing some invoices and expenses to go missing from my account.
lee. alot better and easier to use than some book keeping companies out there.
decent. not as full featured as website
. it says that my selfemployed freelancer account does not include usage of the app, but on the website it says all plans come with app usage..... very frustrating!
. perfect app for a small business
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
great functionality on finger tips. very handy app. looking for the timesheet option to be added as well.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
. i use to love quickbooks but now it's not working anymore. please fix immediately because my whole business is run on this app... are you gonna fix this?
. game changer. invoicing and tracking expenses just got so easy. it's amazing, and i am only sad i didn't know about it sooner!
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
update to the update.. they fixed the update. i updated my rating.
. app banking does not work on android pixel 3. crashes as its loading transactions. i called quickbooks and got the runaround, didnt take my issue seriously. stuck using computer
if you don’t use quickbooks you’re probably wasting a lot of time.. i find the day to day management of my business much easier and less time consuming since i started using quick books. as with everything, it isn’t perfect. i would like to see more features on the mobile app. that being said, i only use the app and it works well for me. customer service is excellent. they strive to resolve any issue you throw at them. i would highly recommend!
app can’t find our data. we are days into this app not being able to access our data: accounting, banking, billing. access is only available through certain browsers on a laptopdesktop. the support team is friendly and wished me luck.
used to love it.... ever since the app was updated, i can no longer get past the sign in screen on my galaxy note 5. at least it still works on my ipad i guess...
. great app a bit overwhelming at first with all the features.
. really slow compared to desktop
worthless. qbo is great, but this mobile app stinks.. worthless. hopefully they can evolve this app quickly. qbo is great but this app ain't
great support but app is flawed. i have several companies setup on one login. this was done by qb themselves but it keeps crashing, stalling or telling me there is a fault. also don't choose 'other' as business type as list of income and expenditure categories is massively reduced and you will have to add the ones you want manually. customer service is excellent but i shouldn't need to know this!
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
great but.......... i want to not be bothered with pop ups asking me to rate the app. this is a tool to use for business. i don’t want ads and pop ups continually having to be closed in order to work
introduce me to accounting. i love the app, it's giving me a good idea on what accounting is about. i'm kinda looking forward to take this course in the fall :)
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
disappointed with android app. the pc version is so slick but the android version is very disappointing. as this is cloud based there should be no reason for such limited functionality. where do i enter my expenses when out working? if i had an iphone i would be able to. come on lets have similar functionality to the pc version.
awesome!. i have always enjoyed using quickbooks. over the years i have moved from quickbooks to quickbookspro to quickbooks enterprise and now quickbooks online. this online system is awesome. if integrates well with other systems i use, it’s easy to navigate (once you take the free courses), customer service is excellent when i have issues  and it will move straight into my turbotax corporate filings. love, love, love it!
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
terrible terrible service. i was under the impression that this was designed to make accounting easier for small businesses. emails asking to upgrade with special offers open you new accounts! no option to snap receipts and have them automatically added in essential package which was the main reason we chose it.
great product best small business app!. great product . continue to improve.
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
should be able to snap a pic of a receipt and sort later.. i need to be able to take a picture of my receipts and then when i do the books sort them out and match them to purchases.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
ios 13 not supported. the app will not even start!
does what it should. gets more inuitive with every update.. i am in better control of my business than ever.
. quickbooks please make it so there's the option of where payments are deposited on sale receipts for the android app as its available on ios. other than that is not a bad app.at all. 👍🏼. still waiting for the option on android of where funds are deposited.
. just was on hold for 20 minutes and the issue is not resolved. the app is not allowing me to save information. also the online platform is not working with third party apps with the new tax rates in saskatchewan (reciept bank) been waiting for that fix for 3 weeks.
love it. this makes running my bookkeeping busy very simple!
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
bad. bad app they will take your money and not give you service am contacting federal trade commission
. great app but wish it had access to customer notes and the ability to send a po to vendor
not free. wish there was an app like this for free the soon i started free trial next step was if i wanted 3months and pay or have a small discount and still pay :
crashes almost immediately. running ios 12 and then 13 on an iphone 8. installed the app. put my login info in. accepted that no problem. then boom. app crashes and i’m back to my iphone home screen. rebooted my phone. deleted and reinstalled the app. makes no difference. still crashes. having this app was a big factor in my decision to run my business on quickbooks and now i’m reconsidering that before i get any deeper.
business owner mechanical contractor. qbo, has been the best program for my business. i am really impressed with its capabilities, and have been a user for several years now. i am currently trying to integrate every day work apps with qbo for a single point of origin business management software.
. need to change the phone number in the invoice... how?
crashes every time. i used to like this app, but now it crashes every time. i cannot use it at all. galaxy s7 edge. support has not responded to my messages. nor my crash message notifications (and there have been plenty)
. having the app makes quickbooks that much easier. now i can write invoices on my phone no matter where i am at. time saver!
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
not enough!. this app does not have the functionality that qbo has. therefore, useless. if we can't use the ipads in the store, what use is the app? 1. can't enter an invoice with the details 2. can't enter a vendor bill and do splits. 3. can't put payments in undeposited funds. 4. yep, useless.
. love doing invoices and estimates right on the phone
. i am doing my husband's billing for his company, since it was taking so much of his time. since this not my 'real' job, this app makes it easy do billing and record payments from any device at any time. thank you!
. malfunctions on every level. did not attach a single receipt picture to the transaction. brought in the bank accounts and scrambled them. even on the desktop deposits are expenses and you cannot edit them
. great. great app. makes life easier.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
still needs some changes. multiple addresses for a company is still a drama as it changes all pervious invoices and quotes. plus now on the ipad version it says i can't access until subscription is paid but it is.. works on computer but can't use my ipad. annoying!!!
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
clumsy, slow, crashes often. not a great app, times out saving transactions, sometimes saves them, sometimes not. not worth the money
highly recommend the app. i use this for everything in my business and it is very reliable. never once had a problem, ever! always recommend to my friends who have their own business.
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
keeps crashing. keeps crashing and doesn't track mileage for work and charity. really disappointing.
. great app
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
can't tap anything when looking at an individual transaction. banking > new transactions > view transaction let's you see what quickbooks added but doesn't let you edit anything.
. app with easy to use features
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
"mostly useful. i like having access to my business via my smartphone, however not all features are available (reports) and some calculations don't seem to work properly. after adding payment for clients, the invoices entered afterward are not automatically attached to said payment  even though the overall balance on the account is recalculated. the invoices sit and show as ""unpaid"" even though the account balance is at zero."
. ease of use. ability to send professional estimatesinvoices from anywhere. the ability to load price list makes creating estimates and invoices easy.
i can’t do payroll from the app. it works great and is much improved from the original versions but i do not have a desktoplaptop pc........ only ipads and android phones and the apps limits my access way to much i currently use the chrome browser but it’s horrible only part of the screen is visible on the ipad some save buttons can not be accessed thanks for your help
can't edit customers. you can make new customers but once one is in there you can't edit them unless i go to my pc
. i am finally happy 99% with qb online quickbooks has finally added the ability to add expences through the android market. it is now, by far the easiest way to send out estimates, invoices and add expenses. i'm a contractor and it works perfect for what i do. well worth the $40.00 a month, trust me. ............
great for start ups. i am wanting to know if it has been considered for users to use their finger print as an option other than the password to sign in on the app?
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
. so far so happy!
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
doesn't work, won't use it. it continually crashes upon start up and log in attempt but i'm not desperate to find out why.
very useful. i use it every day for my business.
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
waste of time and slow. i didn’t even get past the registration. the app was soo slow and laggy when i was trying to put my details in i gave up. couldn’t imagine the amount of time i’d waste trying to write up quotes or invoices on it. avoid!!!
recommend!. quickbooks is a must have to swiftly complete business tasks like, estimates, invoices, etc.
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the ipad and iphone is useless.
great resource. a little tricky to manipulate at first. but now i love it.
. please provide bluetooth printer print option for receipt print
small business owner. absolutely awful. i was forced to switch to online because of a fatal error of the desktop version on mac seirra. there are so many bugs and things that aren't available on online that were on the desktop. i literally call support for 2hrs a day.
can't wait for more!. yeah, it's not going to be the only way you use quickbooks. but having the opportunity to have a mobile capability is immensely helpful. it's how you use it and when to that makes this app great!
. you don't need to understand double dutch accounting to use it.
crashes on ipad3. i have never had a problem with the quickbooks app until this update. it crashes and will not open on my ipad 3.
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipadiphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
"about 710. not bad but not good. the app keeps requiring updates if used on apple products. not an issue but the updates never appear. quickbooks blames apple and apple blame quickbooks. we ""updated to the cloud version"" from a pcm based quickbooks. so far we are very very disappointed."
easy to follow. app is easy to follow even if you are not an accountant.
. great for on the go i mostly love it. i wish there were options to run individual client reports. also, a search option by keywords or invoice numbers. sometimes, when i open it, there's no information in the app! have had to uninstall, then reinstall multiple times. galaxy s2
fix it!!!!!!!!. when it works i like it, but when it flips out it is so frustrating. every time they update it it takes another couple updates to fix it. leave well enough alone!
awesome software. i'm a creative and figures aren't my thing, and i find it a dream to use. i'm so glad my accountant recommended it. having your accounts in the cloud just makes the whole laborious process a snip!
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
cis unfriendly. useless if your a contractor or subcontractor. if your in the construction industry, this app is useless. you cannot create cis invoices which renders this app useless.
jason. great app, but the online version needs progressive invoicing, fix that and its 5 star!
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
. awful. go through the web browser instead. the app doesn't connect frequently, saying the program is offline, but i can connect through the browser with no problems.
brilliant. excellent accounting software for new small business. only issue i have is that i bought a subscription online and the app keeps telling me to subscribe
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
. help. i am trying to log in for a while but it keeps saying that there are technical issues and i need to try again later. i have been trying to get in for taxes and can't.
. so easy to use! i wish i had started to use this when i set up my business! it saves me so much time and i can enter transactions from my tablet which is so convenient. i also love the way it links (safely) to my bank account and automatically brings all my transactions into quickbooks. would strongly recommend!
. really nice accounting app. loads of integrations via desktop browser. even a desk top app that i suspect is node based. the best feature which is lacking in other accounting apps is transaction memos. that £200 i lent my mate in july is useful info when you look back a year later.
glitchy software loses emails really crappy support. issues remain for years intuit does not fix. loses emails all the time invoices say sent when they are not.
all is a life saver. great support team even if you can't figure it out yourself
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
mr. trying to type this review the second time. first time have typed up a review, i was told my chosen nickname is taken and the whole text disappeared! basically app is waste of time! not all of my set suppliers are displaying. for an accounting program it should be spot on before publishing. i would not trust this app. beware!
. my exsprience was very pleasing. you guys are truly good at what you do! thank you! julius
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
. used to be fantastic now all you get it duplicated invoices, inability to sync with the cloud and invoice saves that can take over 30 mins to finalise! hopeless...
love this app and it's capabilities. the only feature i wish it had is to be able to see bills from suppliers.
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
sucks. stupid
great updates and really user friendly. all works better than before and integrates brilliantly. makes understanding our financials a doddle!
latest version is a disaster. face recognition does not work at all. you have to sign in every time you open the app and often get kicked out especially when switching between companies. colossal waste of time.
ok... like seriously. i’ve used this app for 2019 mileage and expense tracking. but every week i have to reconnect my bank account. like every single week! why?? i don’t have time to do that. fix this! or i’ll be forced to find a better working service!
crazy useful. i manage the financials for three different companies with offices all over the us, and find that quickbooks is extremely useful for tracking sales, invoicing onsite, holding multiple accounts for each business, and integrating all my pos and sales gateways.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
needs work. this won't stay up to date with online or desktop app and i regularly get error messages. this is frustrating and useless.
boost to my business image with my ipad!. i went from handwriting every estimate, sales receipt and invoice to bringing in new paperless technology. at the end of the day i would have to have my wife input everything in our quick books online. then file everything in our office. it's not only impressive to our clients, but it also eliminates filing and an extra step of data entry, it saves time and money and gives you a competitive edge over your competition!
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
. the updating is slow and i have to manually refresh before changes show up.
quickbooks mobile app. awesome app that let's me quickly and easily access and review what is happening at my business especially when i am away!
. po , translation invoice, how to add discount?
. won't send invoices to customers, complete waste of time and money would not recommend to anybody.
great! the app we need, but don't deserve. i use it to run my 6 figure company! everything works great and makes things tremendously easy
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
disappointed. this app falls short. for one you can't see inventory. can't create po. can't enter a bill against a po. on the online version one cannot enter a partial bill against a po. cannot creat inventory level alarms. come on man!
good to keep on track. excellent app for inputting information immediately, but that's all it does.
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
. this is a great app for my small business and has helped me to stay organized and saves time!
. my subscription was canceled and i have not been able to restore it.
. used to work perfect ever since update it's very unreliable. can't log into app reliably. it often locks me out right when i'm standing in a customer's house trying to invoice them or locks me out when i need to go through my client list for a phone number etc. i suggest you consider competitors software until the app becomes stable again.
. brilliant app. works well. intuitive
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
amazing. is a great app, i love doing all our book work from my phone. anywhere anytime. only down full is i can't do the pay run on the app or phone internet. i need a laptop or computer to do it. other than that, great!
i like it but am confused. the app works very well, but i am confused how to change a quote from pending to approved. when i click on edit the option does not come up
doesn't work. app crashes on load and while logging in. pretty useless so far. :(
. sole trader; i was spending hours on spreadsheets before finding this app. it has frozen a couple of times at inopportune moments but overall great. the ability to create a purchase order on my phone is the only missing link so far. 5 stars!
. having problems adding customers. works great beside that i can't add customers with the app. kind of bothersome but just have to go through the internet.
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
. this is fab saves time & energy when sending an invoice
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
was great and then they updated it. i loved this app when i first got it. i used it all the time for 5 months strait, and then they 'updated' it. now, it's awful. i don't see any of the new features and it is buggy beyond belief. please go back to the older version. this is a joke.
easy for newbie. started out with the desktop version of qb and migrated to the qbo platform. so much better for me and easy to use now. i can send a quote from my phone and then invoice once the job is complete which for a lazy guy like me keeps me on tasks done billing times quicker. highly recommended
nice, but they increased price a lot!. i like the app but am concerned with how much they just increased price for my service.
bills for suppliers cannot be viewed. as the title suggests. this is a big negative point for me.
great app. first time business owner and have to say it's a great way to stay organized
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
touch id fail. please stop making us enter a password everyday. every other app that uses touch id doesn't have this issue. thumbs down qb 👎🏼
. this app is great for tracking income and expenses! feels good to know how i am doing on a dailyweeklymonthlyqtrlyannual basis. keeps me competitive and on track financially.
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
needs work. it's better than before but still doesn't download recent transactions with the ap. must log in on the computer to keep updated. why is that? needs attention.
zenith. great app for small biz
great app. previously used another software but they didn't have an android app so i switched to qb. so happy that intuit is up on new technologies
c'mon man. still won't let you attach items. ...... please fix!
. great app!
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
love this app!. i have my own business and quick books makes my life a lot easier.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
. want to cancel my subscription doesn't even tell me how.
. this app is incredible saves me a lot of time from going to my laptop.
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck. all fixed. awesome work!!!!!
qb app is useless. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either.
. useful. allows invoicing, and updates on the go!
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the phone app is all but useless.
life saver. apart from the fact i have to input my password every time, this app is a great compliment to the version i use on my laptop. so easy to use, can invoice on the spot. very happy.
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
convenient access to financial information. we recently switched over from the desktop version of qb and have found the app to be a convenient way to view financial statements. i also really like the ability to take pictures of receipts and attach them to expenses from my mobile phone.
improving but still a long way to go. like the new dashboard, but need ability to set ytd totals, more report options, does not show all my bank accounts. needs to be more customizable. app does not replace the website version, which is still needed to do any real work. best feature is the easy way it handles the bank feeds.
. many bugs, and any receipt photos are too low resolution to be readable.
we love the qb app. one of the most useful things we have “out in the field” is our qb app that allows us to do bookkeeping by extension. probably the craziest place yet was checking qb from the pyramids of giza in egypt. it’s extremely convenient.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
. very poor and limited app. information displayed is quite different from the web view. i only want to see one thing  supplier invoices and outstanding balances and this app doesn't show them.
. simple operation and easy to prepare work
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. bad app does not sign in after sign up
great to app to have. loving the app. i would give it 5 stars if it was able to function the same or close to the online version.
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
app crashes on splash screen. on iphone 6s plus. this has been happening for so long and there is no action taken. i’ve tried uninstall and reinstall multiple times and nothing is working.
great small business app. just opened up my first company,being a one person office ,secretary, and boss this app is great to help micro manage all your small office responsibilities. it's a great app to email quick quotes onsite for that customer who looking for the job to get done asap. have to say this made my work day is alot easier and definitely is less complicated!!!!
. app looks great.
very weak. i have been a quickbooks user for years but the app is just weak. employee transactions are not possible and reports are minimal. i consider these critical aspects of good accounting software and they almost do not exist in the app. i don’t need an app to write an invoice or figure out that someone owes me money. however, keeping track of my reporting to the government and paying employees is critical and these do not exist in the app.
owner small massage therapy business. for the small amount of paperwork my business requires, this app is perfect. i can input info before leaving the office and it prompts me with appropriate questions to categorize items properly. very user friendly and convenient.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
crap!. can't create an invoice in the app that has cis? really? why not? so i can't do my invoices on the go?! rubbish app rubbish system! use another programme!
. so simple to use
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
won't work after update. won't work after update
owner. love being able to have quickbooks on my phone and being able to send invoices and receive payments on the go. makes my job so much easier. app works great and is so simple that even my husband can figure it out :)
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
i wanted to like it. but..... i didn’t appreciate the daily phone calls asking if i needed help .... i just wanted an app that would let me do my own thing and not feel harassed
. i use quickbooks on a daily basis and having a mobile app makes my job so much easier!! you can do anything on the app that you can on the computer. i'll continue to use this great service and app for my business.
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
. can't acess since last update!!!!!
best accounting software i ve used so far.. after using some 10 accounting softwares i ve chosen quickbooks. this the most easiest and best option available in the indian market....and of course most affordable also.
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. 1.3.20 still hate it no ""billable button"". zero stars"
gadirepair.com. really a great product at affordable price. smart solutions to all accounting problems.their support team is very responsive and coordinating. i am really impressed with their “reports” i was unable to assess my business stats the way it should be done, thanks to qb for making it so easy for us....👍 great productgreat team i highly recommend every businessman to use it, qb have made it so easy for us. thanks
qb. it would be 5 but i use it on several devices doesn't sync well phone app need more functilnality
meh. so slow loading new pages invoice templates are ugly hard to view invoice view doesn’t quite seem “google” more like a government website that got a makeover
amazing!. this app undoubtedly helps running multiple businesses on the road possible! when i finally switched my businesses from desktop to online there were a few things missing. i wrote a few complaints and spoke with their development team...few short months later...boom! additions were made! one if which is being able to switch businesses within the app. definitely much easier than logging in and out all the time.
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken.
. i love this app.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
receipt camera. the camera update has made what was a relatively easy task into a complete guessing game
. :) very good app. i do all my invoicing from my phone or tablet.
. my issue has been partially resolved. i would give them 4 stars if the process wasn't so difficult.
. i've downloaded this app, uninstalled it, and reinstalled it and it will not allow me to create an account. it continually signs me out and i have to reenter all my information. i'm giving up!
it's really nice. thanks
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
useless for sure. qbo is useless. can’t login with google account. forces me to create a newseparate password. can’t really access qbo via a browser on ipad. overall terrible experience. i’m sure it’s equally apple and qbo fault.
great app. absolutely awesome tool for my company
kerrie. herc's girl
avoid like the plague!. app doesn't work, says trial expired. customer support are unhelpful and have no idea when it will be fixed. we have a years worth of books on this and now we need to find new software  we've been in business for more than 26 years and have never known service like this. seriously, find another solution. this is not the software you are looking for.
. great app
need other option. need an option for employees that travel to do trip expense that import as a bundle. i use pro premier 2015
. omg please fix the lag!
great app for my business. so easy to use this on the go. love it.
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
poor. need to put password in every time i start can't write a service invoice and an amount
. it is very easy and business to enter and transfer funds and i think download is the best part of the whole program
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
great app. works great for invoicing or estimating on the go. 5 stars if it was completely synced to my laptop. sometimes i don't see estimates that were done in the office available to seeedit on the mobile app.
nice but crashes. i like the app other than the fact that after a few minutes of work it crashes. it reliably crashes. helpfully they fix it soon, it's frustrating to have to log back in every time.
. voy a evaluar regular, porque con la última actualización ya no puedo usar la app, no me permite ver la información de mi usuario.
. easier to send invoices via the app than it is on the computer. only flaw is i can't enter a negative number for discounts but that could just be my phone and not the app. overall i highly recommend it for anyone.
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
. website offers single sign on (sso) with google (sign in with google), but the app expects a username and password. 1 star for overlooking your login system, rendering it completely unusable. oops?
. great if your a plumber and on the go all day
. does it need an internet connection?
. am trying to login, wont let me, technical problems. i have all my expenses in there...
great functions, easy to use. really great invoicing system. great way of keeping incomeexpense records to be able to do your own accounting. can be frustrating when trying to login on the computer sometimes requires an sms to log in even though it's from home computer.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
shiny, pretty and useless. the shinier they make it, the more confusing and unfriendly it gets. no reminders, no scheduled transactions and no searchable help. i have the ipad app to make accounting quick and easy when i travel not to have something new to learn.
. a really good platform for small business. the program is user friendly and has a great online help community and customer service.
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
disappointed. although it loaded up ok, it didn't refresh my data that i had added online. i emailed support who are supposed to reply in 24 hrs but never heard anything. so unless they get this sorted it's going to be deleted.
great app. great app for tracking all my company transactions. love that i can get a tax report for quarterly reporting.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
it's okay. i like being able to do banking on the app but need more. i can't record a bill to a vendor, i can't mark a payment to undeposited funds. i would love these features
great app. love having qb on my phone to receive payments, send invoices and other routine activities.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
crashes all the time and there’s no way to ask for help.. this app crashes every time i update my iphone, even when i update the app. don’t even bother trying to contact qb about it, they’ll tell you to uninstall and reinstall (like you don’t know) and then that’s about the extent of their support.
. this app is very userfriendly
. easy to create an invoice, a little difficult to look a customer's information via the phone app.
. brilliant app filled with bugs. trying to email invoices and get endless waiting screen. try and update contact details and it cant upload the details. sort it out or im off as im sure most others will be.
very good app. :)
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
bugs & functions. fair but still a lot of bugs with tablets. mis more functions like crm programs. and would nice to have more control clients groups, commissions, as well as price list, like ,distributions, whole sale, or final client...
quick books. very useful and excellent application
connecting my business. as a carpender who has been in business for almost 20 years switching over to quickbooks this year has allowed a much more efficient process. the phone app has changed the speed at which i can respond to customers.
. the app offers no simple means to cancel your account should you wish to do so. their help desk also seems eager to push you off on to other, equally unhelpful venues. they also informed me that once i manage to cancel my account (if even possible) they will continue to hold on to my personal information, defeating the point of cancelling an account.
book keeping made easy. with constant updates this is the go to program for my business! this app assists in daily activity and allows me to be on the move.
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
. hated it, warning, stay away. it mess up my quickbook online, duplicate everything, customer service promise to contact me, never happened. service bad. do not waste your time downloading. app version is useless, synchronization keep duplicates my receipts, and much more issues. stay away from quickbooks app. still not fix customer support ain't helping either, because is a third party app....
. easy to use and helpful for pos expense capture
. need to change the phone number in the invoice... how?
no support for canadian tax system. intuit's quickbooks for web does not support the canadian tax system. not sure why this app is appearing in the canadian app store.
better than before. i like the ability to record expenses on the fly and take a picture of the receipt. would be better if the smart logic time saving features in quickbooks online were incorporated.
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
. unable to use your 30 days free demo, downloaded app, when tried logging in, it says app login feature is available for indian users. when try the same in browser, and after logged in when i want to use free trail it is asking for 10$ payment
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
buggy. try to submit feedback and can’t within the app. they removed the quantity column from invoices and their support is dismissive. this is a big company who price gouges and doesn’t really care about it’s customers.
great for small startup. just started using the app as the business grows it has been easy to track travel expenses and everything else we need to keep growing.
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
update won't open. i love quickbooks. as a small business owner, it is invaluable. however, this update will not open on my iphone (ios 9.3.5). i have tried restarting my phone and reinstalling this app. and it still won't open. this is a significant problem for me. hopefully it is sorted out soon.
very convenient. i love this app. with the pay now option im able to get paid before i even had a chance to get back to the office.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
impressed. i put off upgrading to online version after using quickbooks pro for five years, struggling to enter online direct debit expenses and payments. online version makes entering data easy and efficient. such a time saver for me. well done intuit! definitely worth the monthly subscription fee.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
kicks me out. i'm a try to load customize it kicks me right out maybe it's because i have a demo i don't know but it doesn't entice me to buy it.
not bad. could use improvements but will get by in a pinch when you don't have access to your main computer.
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
payroll. it is worthless for me. uninstalled it as soon as it was installed. can't do payroll.
. quickbooks has made it much easier to run my small business and create invoices on the go!
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
entering bills?????. why have intuit decided not to support bill entering on this app?!? it great i can import my paper receipts using the camera, but whats the point if i can't enter as a bill only an expense?!?
great app. allows me to enter expenses right away.
add more countries. i really love this app but my country, ghana is not part of the selected countries please kindly add it.
. poor customer service. substantial amount of time wasted trying reach a human.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
app crashes on ios13.0 & 13.1. i’ve just updated the app and it’s still crashing on ios13.0 and also 13.1. i have tried to make contact with the developers via the support page but it also loads to blank pages after opening chat.
can't live without it. the app is super handy for viewing business info on the go. i'd love it more if there were a few more reports.
. user friendly for the droid not so much in the appleipad.
. worst app ever. 0 stars.
love it!. use it everyday. thank you qbo for making me more productive
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
security update  unable to sign in. since the security update for sign in features i'm unable to sign into my account using the app.. defeats the purpose of having it aug 23, 2016  just redownloaded the app and have full access once again. oct 20, 2016  unable to select cash, check or credit account to pay an expense.
very handy.. life made easier.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
. very disappointed this is a spotty business resource. sync issues. i entered a customer contact once and it appeared as a new payment in my activity tab. update: i have cancelled for other reasons. looking elsewhere. wish it wouldve worked.
. exceptional experience and great customer service.
needs expenses  time functionality.. obvious missing functionality.
never has worked on my s7 edge. i loved this app when it worked with my htc. since i switched to this phone, it keeps giving me an error message and despite talking with support multiple times, nothing has been done to resolve this. i have uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times and it has not resolved the problem. i have seen similar issues reported with this phone.
login' this app. makes my life so much easier. i can do everything on the go. saves time! love it!
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
iphone x needs ui adjustments. the “accept” button at the bottom of banking transactions is on top of the “home bar” on iphone x please fix the ui so that there aren’t any usability issues on iphone x
good app. very detailed , im no pro @ accounting but i am teaching myself this app. its very in depth and i like it.
works great. i live how i can edit and emails invoices on the go. as well as having all my credit card processing all tied in. so customers can pay invoiced from the actual invoice and not have to include other services.
nogo on ipad pro. doesn't look good on ipad pro and doesn't support split screen. need to be able to have qb open on one side and my project system on the other to create invoices.
the best accounting app i've used. quickbooks intergrates seamlessly with your store all you have to do is keep track of your expensenses!
. its pretty good, but the scroll bar on the side of the expenses list is driving me absolutely insane because i keep accidentally scrolling and jumping through the list
not even close to online or desktop versions. at the cost of not wanting to hire a secretary my consultant had me switch to online version from desktop, it sucks! used to update q.b. desktop every 3 yrs (when forced to) for $150 and now pay around $400 a year for less function. the direct qb online site is better from my mobile device than the actual app. the options between app and website dont function the same. terrible!
integrated desktop platform. i wish they made a desktop software and qbo for mobile. not qbo for all.
app stopped loading after ios update. please fix
. slow customer service meant i was unable to upgrade from qbse to quickbooks online. tried clear books instead, app is not great but otherwise they are a vast improvement, particularly the bank sync which is so much more reliable. i get the feeling qb have grown too quickly and do not have the infrastructure to support their customers.
makes life easier. does everything i need! only 1 suggest...i want to sort quotes by date created...
ok app. missing alot of important features
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) the hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. please fix.
love it!. nuff said
for phone. could be easier to use if it was more like the pc edition
weak iphone app, no customer service. really weak app, no customer service. after trying to contact qb customer service, i got no response from anybody at qb. after paying big monthly fees $ i'm switching back to invoice2go, where i got great customer service and my feedbacks were used in improvements.
. yay, i can do more than make notes on qb on my phone or tablet!...i love being able to have brunch and invoice on my tablet now
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
no link. why is there no simple way to link it to computer to send information. who made this useless app
. love this app, easy to use and reasonable priced
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
great mobile app, but it has a mind of its own. i've found the ability to work remotely as a great plus for estimates, electronic invoices and checking customer records. i have just had issues with downloaded deposit amounts and matching for reconciliation. automatic entry into register has to go!
not as intuitive as desktop version. not as intuitive as desktop version. since 1986 used before intuit bought out money counts. lots to learn yet nice to be able to move the line items around. been wishing for that for 30 years
meh... large app, slow and expensive. looks nice but loading times are slow and not all sections display properly on a phone.
small business app. good small business app. careful, they will rock bottom your entry price, get you hooked, then double or more your cost.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
beware price increases.. i love the functionality, but i've had two price increases since becoming a subscriber to the online service. the entire point of a subscription model is so that the company has a sustained income in order to continue developing and my costs stay fixed every month. this isn't acceptable so i'll be looking for other solutions soon.
. more user friendly and flexible than sage
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
great app and the best accountancy system so far.. i've tested many different products from competitors and quick books is the best so far. i've used online version first and then downloaded mac app which is quite fast to use. mobile app works seamlessly with both and its great business tool. i don't really understand other negative reviews and people having issues with software. please make sure you're using latest updated version of the app and your ios. thanks matt
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
. quickbooks technical support is very bad and technical support dont know about how to customised form of bill and showing in their theam but donot show in my bill how to solve it thay don't know ..... and my network speed is 5mbps but opening quick books need time 10  20 minutes to open ... i don't recommend any one for supscription or purchase .... this is a overall very slow software
quickbooks online is great. i love being able to add expenses while on the road. i appreciate the snapshot of where my business is performing. it is great to have a record of what’s going on!
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
. why does it keep saying that there is technical difficulties in using the app? even before prior update, it had this issue. no issue with the ios app though
. makes my small business accounting much easier for me. i can send invoices, quotes and pay bills all from the comfort of my cell when i am on the road between jobs.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
needs help. if you have multiple locations this app is useless cause you cannot assign a class to the expense.
. makes bookwork super easy on the go, and new features keep being added to app to make it a better desktop companion
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
. the best business app
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
". the fingerprint authentication doesn't work. says ""error returned from client"" when i try to enable it. others mentioned screenshots don't work. i know there is a workaround, but that requires you to permit it every time you want to use it because it limits you to 15 minutes. there are no reports available on here which is most important to me."
hd lawn care. this app has help me so much with my business billing. i highly recommend it.
no purchase orders. as of feb 2015, i'm unable to find a way to create purchase orders from this app. without the ability to raise orders for inventory, i cannot run my business, so the app is useless for me. seems handy, so i wish it worked properly.
cancelled subscription. cancelled subscription without any explanation
if only i could run payroll. the only thing the app is missing is the ability to run payroll from the app. if it had payroll it would be a 5 star app rating.
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
ipad in the name?. really. can't use with mac? get out of apple app store. waste of time 😒😑
awesome app. quick books is really an awesome app. links up to accounts quickbooks payments. i can access from all my devices. it’s really versatile. you can make great estimates as well. emailed invoices and estimates look very professional.
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
. very frustrating app to use. as an employee i am required to log my daily hours using quickbooks, the app however won't let me even login to it. i go to login and it gives me a message telling me that i am trying to use an u supported role and it will be fixed in future updates. i have to go through the website which the mobile version is not great to use.
. report printing and emailing are important to run business on the go. i would like to see qb pro 20072008 features in qbop version and mobile app.
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
sloooooooowwwww!!! iphone 6. very slow to do simple things like log an expense. camera feature is useless with crop feature. can i have the option to turn this off? just wanna take a photo without auto crop which 90% does a bad job. other than that its great :)
. good app gives me all the basics on my phone
. the app is great when it works! it took 3 times of deleting and reinstalling to get it to work again. but its working perfctly again.
needs to be full featured. i love the program but hate that i can’t do into my vendor bills on the app for ipad. i can’t enter them in or view them on ipad. i can on browser view but even it needs to update as everything gets cit off in chrome and when you click the menu button to hide it it does not slide everything over so you can see more.
. awesome updates and easy to use
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
app has connectivity issues. anytime i log into the app it causes me to have to relink my bank accounts every time. if i stay out of the app everything works appropriately. i can log onto different devices through the browsers without issue but the second i log onto the app on a tablet or phone, it will disconnect my bank accounts.
amazing. quickbooks has made my business life so much easier!!! now i can just put all my focus on the work not the billing and etc... you would be a fool not to use quickbooks jeff thiel construction
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!!"
ceo of gd2k. this is a really good app it has help our business in so many ways. it help boost our profit margin we have been able to close deals, and make invoices right on the spot. i recommend this for a lot of different business with quickbooks online.
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
much room for improvement. lack of a solid search function along with slow load times make this an app that leaves a lot to be desired. even the online functionality can use improvement. still a decent system for a small business but hopefully they'll spend some time fixing the app soon.
must have for small businesses. this has simplified my life immensely. i no longer have to worry about things falling through the cracks, quickbooks keeps it all in check. solid app, no issues or crashes yet after about 3 months of use.
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
update make app worthless. thanks for the update that prevents me from sending invoices.
high caliber. awesome! makes billing and keeping track of your money infinitely easier.
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
very disappointed. i'm very disappointed because i have been unable to login on with my iphone or macbook pro. i tried to get help through customer service but all i got was a link. very disappointed!!
great. very useful for a small farm.
. nice program! make it so i can bank on droid and it couldn't get any better.
must buy two services. i’m selfemployed and need to track miles as well as be able to send estimates. with “quickbooks selfemployed” you can track miles but you cannot send estimates. with “quickbooks online” you can send estimates but you cannot track mileage. to me, these things should be doable with the same serviceapp but here they are not. plus, customer service is not educated on their product or helpful.
love this app and online version of qb 😬. i converted to the online version of qb from the desktop version and i have to say it was the best decision i made! my primary laptop crashed & nothing could not be recovered, the online version of qb was never an issue & continued seamlessly. this app is such a convenient perk to qb  i can't say enough how fabulous this app is. love it!
for phone. could be easier to use if it was more like the pc edition
useless. i'm not even sure what the point of this app is. there's absolutely nothing you can do with it besides see what what you've already done on your desktop. the app does nothing to help you keep things moving along.
. this is an awesome app. make my life so much easier!! it easy to use for my home business.
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
slow to update. pretty useless app.
. thanks for not overcharging me. not bad it's good app for accounting.
basic functionality. just signed up for quickbooks online. the android app installed fine on my new samsung tablet. no issues running and using app. however, the app is minimal functionality. there is also no good dashboards like the pc or online web version of the program. pretty disappointed being development of such features is not complicated nor expensive for a home dashboard.
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
. i like this app so easy to use i recommend
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
". update 101619: still useless as constant login issues persist, why use the app if i constantly have to uninstallreinstall + clear cachedata. constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
amazing. at last i can invoice on the move and do the rest of my book keeping as i go. great app and easy to use.
. excellent app to get into your data on the road. i understand more functionality would be useful but being able to raise & query jobs and send out estimates & invoices 'in the wild' on my mobile phone is a real asset.
. be advised that you will have to pay for this app after you enter all your info!
qb online. tout ce qu'il faut pour la pme. facilité, mobilité, flexibilité! un support technique accessible, compétent et rapide.
doesn't have a bank option. they could do much better though it's good
. error message when i try to log in on my tablet. customer service offers little assistance after a long time on hold. this experience makes accounting for my small business even more unbearable. (update 11418): i dropped the review down to one star (from 2) because the error message is yet to be resolved on my tablet, three months later, and qb has increased the cost of their simple start plan by 30%. lame.
love this app. great app would recommend to everyone.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
"don't bother. it says above ""get full access to everything quickbooks online has on the web"". but in fact it is a totally different application geared to salesmen on the road. don't expect to see your accounts here, all you have is:  customers  estimates  your invoices and sales receipts. very disappointing; forget it"
great app!. our company switched from quickbooks desktop to the online version which came with the option to download the app. we now use the app more than online. we handle estimates, invoices, payments, banking and more directly in the app and on the go. the app has a simple and clean look making it easy to navigate. to date we haven't had any issues with it. we are excited to finally be able to get things done in less time!
. it keeps things simple for us.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
. great app, simple to use ... a business can't move past a certain point without a reliable payment and invoice tracking system .... quick books delivers and is constantly improving ... highly recommended!!
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
app is not functional. the app is keep crushing on iphone xs max every time you i want to create new invoice. billion dollar company but cannot fix bugs for a few months already, its embarrassing.
. acho ótimo, muito organizado e intuitivo, tanto para uso profissional quanto pessoal.
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
. this apo no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
. great app
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
easy to use. i have been using qb for almost 3 years now and have had nothing but good things to say about the service provided. the support has been great anytime i needed it, they were johnny on the spot. i would highly recommend this to any small business that wants to take the stress out of bookkeeping.
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
doesn't work. app crashes on load and while logging in. pretty useless so far. :(
. awesome app
crashing after ios13 update!. app is crashing after face id log in on xs max ios13
worst customer support ever. worst customer support in history. using their software and need cs is the best ticket to drive you out of business.
mr smith. electrical contractor. early days yet but feels great especially linking bank to invoices and been able to see exactly what is going on in my business. so far a big thumbs up .
general manager. garbage company
would rate 0 star if i can. only works in trial version. bought it 3 days ago and hasn't work since. i emailed customer support from both itunes and quickbooks with no help. keeps asking me to subscribe (when i already have). i couldn't use it. it's useless.
. this app is awesome!!!!!
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
great program. i love the program and still give it 5 stars nonlinear issue is i can’t run credit cards on the ipad version. wish it worked.
handy. as long as i have internet connection i can create new customers, create invoices, and bill the job right at the job. i can input cash receipts and any bank charges that have cleared.
. usefull and effective. it needs improvement in its mobile features. creating delivery challan and entering gst details while adding new customers isn't available currently. hope to see this feature soon in the app
crashes constantly. i hate the mobile app so much. i will be talking with a customer and try to pull up their account and then it will freeze and crash. the worst.
great app. i use this everyday! wouldn't want any other invoicing company
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
needs work ipad version. limited reports, restrictions on creating categories. simple things like always upper case in the state box, locks up when doing a quote  have to save often on ipad.
. still in trial, but so far so good... very pleased with overall functionality! trial over, five years later... upgraded to 5 stars. perfect app for my small business. does what i need, always available, improves the client experience.
easy iphone app. i like it, it’s easy enough to navigate on my iphone. you cannot do everything that you can do on the computer but it takes care of most business.
. eh. how do i unsubscribe for this
owner. so far so good i've noticed it runs way smoother on apple products than any other
👌🏼. not a bad app
. this app works well in ios, but a total disaster on android. i was supposed to renew my subscription, but instead, it routed me to creating a new company under a new subscription. i wasted my money for something i do not need. do not download this app.
breathtaking!!. wow this is an incredible app. i have searched for personal finance software for a long time and it has been a major headache. using quickbooks online is amazing. if they continue to add features to the online product to rival their desktop version i recommend they move completely to the cloud!! so good.
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
not good. crashes often; slow; give frequent error messages.
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
limited functionality. app doesn’t permit printing or downloading to a spreadsheet format. makes it impossible to reconcile accounts or print statements for records retention. very expensive with limited functionality.
. good app, simple and yet very decent would give 5 stars but the hardware android menu button doesn't do anything. set it to open that side bar, also it needs a speed increase. sometimes it takes over 40 seconds to update. otherwise great app, easy to use. eagerly await updates to this.
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
learning curve and then it's awesome.. takes some getting used to but i've now got it and it's actually very useful and easy to use. integration between my pc and iphone make it easy on the go and sitting at home. estimates, invoices & expenses all in one app.
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
. not updating data on android
. awesome app, extremely useful to track finances.
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
don’t you qa this stuff?. the expenses screen is still full of bugs. the whole thing goes wrong after adding a photo (which, incidentally, are now auto cropped even worse than before) and returning to the expenses screen. don’t you test this stuff before releasing it?? (i’m on iphone x).
. great software
. keeps logging me out otherwise really nice app
buggy. since updating to the latest version i can’t view invoices from the home screen or even update and send invoices from the invoices screen. hire some competent engineers.
love it!. best app for my business!
good but needs more functionality. this app works good, but needs more features added. for example, i have to go to a browser and log in there in order to add a deposit manually. i know functionality is being added continuously. so i a hopeful that my review can be a 5 star review in the near future.
subscription ridiculous. this subscription crap is getting out of hand. what happened to the days when you could buy software and own it? as if quickbooks itself isn't expensive enough, and i would gladly pay once for a quickbooks android app, $125 a year is ridiculous. i don't need your cloud, i have a server of my own, why shove this crap down people's throats?
this app is a business saver!!!. this is a must app for every business!
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
excellent. great mobile app from intuit, quickbooks online is great and although a bit different from the desktop version it has improved the way i work with my clients
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
slowly losing my business. i'm about tired of this app not functioning properly. embarrassing to say the least when i have a customer trying to pay their bill and i can't even connect to quickbooks online server. none of your apps are working as advertised. $25month for what again? vendor profile on iphone isn't in sync with current information online. trying to enterview bills within a certain vendor and it's showing info from 2016.
. love the app! everything i need, when i need it!
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
. this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
. great app that makes accounting easy on the go! it's flexible and terrific for our business!
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
. awful. go through the web browser instead. the app doesn't connect frequently, saying the program is offline, but i can connect through the browser with no problems.
so easy. thank fou for this easy and convenient app to keep our business streamlined!
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
. i have not been able to log into the app. i keep receiving an error message indicating i need to install the latest version, but it is already installed. i even attempted uninstalling and reinstalling, to no avail.
. great app works and does what is needed to run your business away from you computer
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
not quite what i'm looking for. after the invoice2go update disaster, i read a lot of good things about this app. sadly it fell short of expectation as i was unable to change the invoice number, which i would think was a pretty basic requirement. advice on the internet seems to relate to an older version of the app as the information did not relate to what was on the screen. i won't be utilising my free trial, nor will i be subscribing.
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
app stopped loading after ios update. please fix
. this app not work in my phone .i am opening this the screen is black.i am purchased 1 year subscription in last two days back.
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
problems. what my bookkeeper is finding is payments being applied to the wrong invoices. it’s really messed things up. from the checks being deposited from my bank. also, for some reason my quickbooks is duplicating invoices. i will have to erase the app and download again.
love it!. so far the app is easy to navigate and i like using it.
no purchase orders. as of feb 2015, i'm unable to find a way to create purchase orders from this app. without the ability to raise orders for inventory, i cannot run my business, so the app is useless for me. seems handy, so i wish it worked properly.
app glitch. other than the recent app glitch all is good.
jordan hugo ,. i'm young and in business , only small but this app is perfect for tracking my expenses and sending quotes off. highly recommend.
for phone. could be easier to use if it was more like the pc edition
where the banking. i want to accept transactions while i sit in bed, this app is far from useful without that capability, come on intuit, make the app complete. as is, a total let down!
love tracking expenses.. being able to expenses right at the gas pump just makes sense. taking photos of receipts just makes things easier i wish i would've left the desktop app a while ago.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
iphone app is the worst. the iphone app doesn't work. their customer service people admitted it doesn't work. don't even try to use it  too frustrating and a big waste of time. online version and ipad versions are good but too limited for price  reports can't compare year over year
outstanding. very user friendly app. like nothing you have seen in accounting. the future is here.
i looking. hai friends my name is navas abdulla i'm looking some software live sales report ..in store sales promotions company ..any one can to suggest any live sales, report software for sales promoters www.qmpromotions.com it's my website qmpromotions@gmail.com
can't sync. can't upload data from my desktop to qb online. i have qb pro 2009. is it not compatible?
complement to quickbooks online. this app is a complement to quickbooks online. this apple really work good for making estimates sending invoices and much more. i wish gopayment and quickbooks online were integrated or as one. other than that, great app.
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
. this app is useless and doesn't work properly on a phone
nicely integrated. this app integrates really well with quickbooks online account. features get added regularly.
. still somewhat confusing.
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
amazing improvement in technology. we operate a wholesale division, a small brick & motor store, and two large ecommerce platforms that we participate in. quickbooks online and the combination of some of the apps will completely revolutionize how we process our accounting and retail transactions. saving us countless hours of time and increasing productivity
. it is easy to use the app and convenient to have on the go. however the app lacks the presentation of the computer online website which has better detail on each page. i would prefer to use the website page.
can't do much. you can't pay bills, enter bills, or do almost anything that i do on a daily basis on my computer. the app is nice looking but useless for anything i need to do besides check my balance.
easy to use. i love my quickbooks app. this is the first year my taxes will be done on time because i didn't have to spend hours at desk!
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
. unable to log on anymore from one device, support seems unable to help me. also very disappointed i can't make an invoice in a no service area and have it sync up later. called and emailed support twice now and no updates or response in over a week.
user friendly!. makes my life so much easier. i'm able to create and send off the things i need while with a client in the field.
tax invoice as per india standard. dear, please give us more invoice style templates as per india stander
error when logging in. my first time logging in and it just say there was a error. i send the error log via mail. waiting...
great flow. easy to use. quick reference. great app!
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
terrible app...... terrible app it does not work. since last update👿
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
i can't put in negative numbers 😡. i'm trying to make a receipt for a client. i'm a property manager. i need to explain deductions i made but it will only add not subtract. it does both on the computer so i guess i'll use the computer for that.
have been waiting to get this app. awesome!. great app! easy to use. wish i can take payments from this app.
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
. app is so slow and doesn't have the functionality of the full web version making it pretty useless
categorize expense. useful. would be better if it can scan the photo and also categorize expenses.
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
crashes almost immediately. running ios 12 and then 13 on an iphone 8. installed the app. put my login info in. accepted that no problem. then boom. app crashes and i’m back to my iphone home screen. rebooted my phone. deleted and reinstalled the app. makes no difference. still crashes. having this app was a big factor in my decision to run my business on quickbooks and now i’m reconsidering that before i get any deeper.
very useful. great app yo keep up with your income and expenses. i just love the way everything is set up.
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
"error. i dont even understand why massage always popup said ""failed to connect with server"" when everytime tried to login using this app..send several of email to support team but theres no answer n solution..please do something i am a quickbooks online plus subscriber.."
. it's a good app
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
love this app. works great and i can navigate and make invoices and track everything in one app! i love it
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
can't add or view expenses. the expenses option is not available! so why to have this app then?
easy to use. great app. very happy with it
meh. still not sure how quick books became the market leader and they have been resting on their laurels for years. the app is no exception. there are lots of improvements they could make but they are too lazy.
useless. i am an avid qbo for ie customer for many years, but this ipad app is useless. can't do anything with it, and can not see banking info, the most important thing in accounting! if you want to view customervendor names that can be done, but you can't work in this app. view only.
easy for new users. i have a virtual operations management consulting company & use qb for invoicing accounting. i find it simple to create, send & receive payment from my clients & recommend them to use it as well.
access to qb contacts please. love this app, means i can work while out with the kids. would be better if my phone was allowed access to my quickbooks contacts as my husband adds the contacts and they call before i have chance to add them to my phone.
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
very easy to use. the app is fantastic as it is very user friendly and has everything i need. i've used myob in the past and that was terrible compared to the quickbooks app; which is in line with the times.
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go but would love to have the actual versus budget comparison on the dashboard instead of having to bring up a report.
terrible billing system. i had an email offer for 75% off, tried to get it on my desktop. ended up subscribing for $10mth only to find out it closed my trial account, created a new account, now i have to cancel,subscribe on the ipad for $25mth and my data is not updating now....run away from this fast....
. log all your expenses whilst on the go!
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
this app makes billing so much easier, which gives me more time for other tasks.. it is a must have for small business owners, especially new ones.
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
not happy. doesnt let me connect my bank (santander) asks for a code that i dont know or my bank 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ useless
. great app makes my life much easier.
. for an app qbo is awesome. it does not have all the features of a desktop program but what app does? you guys are doing an incredible job and making impovements to both program and app all the time.
. i dont see why the mobile version doesnt sync with the desktop version. so if you bought thr desktop version, you can log in on your moblie device to send quotes or upload expenses on the go. then when you get back to the desktop its already there. seems stupid to charge extra and they dont sync together.
excellent. does everything i need to do on the go which is great. don't always get time in a busy day to sit down and send invoices, but i can with this while i'm out.
very helpful.... there are some glitches with a couple of the features but for the most part, it’s exactly what i need. a great help for record keeping and invoicing my customers efficiently. there should be an option to select and send multiple invoices at once. i have multiple invoices per customer each week.
. this is by far the worst app i have ever used words can not explane how usless this app really is do not i repeat do not wast your time with the garbage
user friendly but not without fault. works nicely. has a few issues, but overall gets the job done.
crashing. updated to ios 13 and now the app keeps crashing after face id, please get this sorted as i can’t run my business
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
. very convenient to use especially when entering expenses! no lost receipts.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
. this app doesn't allow me to add expenses. please fix it. thank you.
convenient. great app now i can do the books from anywhere
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck
pretty good. i've been using qb for years to run my small auto repair business. the latest qbo and phone app are pretty good. like the interface. easy to use. only complaint is if i have no internet connection i'm dead in the water. being mobile is occasionally an issue.
has features the browser doesn’t. i can see addresses on the client list, and it integrates with maps to get driving instructions
fee increase is a bad deal. fees increased but same services rendered. otherwise it’s a decent app. i’m disappointed that they get people to invest all there invoices and history in app and program then up the fees in them nearly double. can’t trust a company that does that to ya.
. like it but doesn't seem like it syncs with my phone app.
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
. this app sucks and has for years! maybe if they charged us $1,000 a month then they could get it to work. maybe they just don't care enough to make it work. samsung galaxy s7 will not show entire history for past customers. mildly important!
. very nice app for pme
i spoke, they listnened. i have had my fair share of frustrations with intuit and when they send out questionnaires i answer them and my biggest complaint was no access to a p&l which is now apart of the app. it's perfect for what i use it for and there's nothing like creating invoices and getting paid on the go. great update and thanks for listening.
. very difficult to cancel free membership on samsung s8. contacelted customer service and they emailed me a dated version of how to cancel! so still struggling as they cant cancel it from their end! 😡😡😡
. as a sole proprietor it is great to work this app .
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
. can't add items i used to live this app. i wished it would work when i add a item. to my invoices evertine i tap add item and choose my item to add it says error add item. it reallly stinks because i loclve using this app while i am in the road. now i habe to bring my computer and take time to find wi fi hot spots to use my computer please fix thia problem. our help me fix it
. great program!! very easy to use and has many options.
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
ok but frustrating. doesn't do as much as online version. lots of error messages when downloading bank data. poor customer service, not responsive when errors flagged.
. this app helps me out alot i really like it.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!!"
the best app ever!!!!. there's no word i can use to describe this app. this is the best app i've ever seen. the functionality and the ease of use on iphone is amazing. 95% of my daily transactions are done on my phone. i love this app. good job intuit. no app does it better.
good app for business owners. i think the app does a good job with tracking expenses and billing. as a whole i think there may be better programs out there. do you research before signing up.
terrible to customers. your website deleted my account, which i spent hours putting together, and had every intention of subscribing and paying for this service, and then when i spoke with customer service to see what happened, i was told to call two other numbers for the same service, then placed on hold by the final number for 510 minutes, and was hung up on. they had my number and never called me back. horrible service to your customers. i will pursue a different company.
"good app. quickbooks is just about perfect for my small business, one addition i would like is to be able to easily see a ""spend per customer"" button so i can easily add up the amount any repeat customer spend per yearmonth."
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
slow. very slow
. love the program
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
limiting. very limited app
easy and efficient!. the app serves perfectly to capture transactions on the go, snap a pic and enter amount and accounts then review later if needed on a computer. simple, some people expect this to be fully functional for some reason; if you need a fully functional program then you really should have the appropriate expenses towards computers and software anyways. this app makes the book keeping process easy as cake for clients and the accountant.
. great but sometimes invoices lock with the inability to edit unless opened with a different device.
less than impressed. the interface is way to different from the online version. i can’t even access payroll through the app. it’s way to simplified to be useful. it needs a serious update to be more user friendly
superb. quite simply the best accounting app i’ve used. it saves so much time!
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
great idea, poor execution.. intuit needs to hire better programmers. if they could just make it possible to see transactions within a report it would be so much better
wonderful app. this is a great way to keep books. thank you.
great compared to alternatives. could use more options available though the website (like inventory management, receiving payments to elsewhere than undeposited funds etc)
"""sign in"" button doesn't work.. couldnt create an account because the button to send verification sms wouldn't work. no time for that. moved on."
. great service and app interface.
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
very easy and convenient!. i love having the mobile app. it makes it easy to enter transactions on the spot without having to stop and open up my computer to login.
. whats the cost after free trial
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
on the go. the app is excellent for anyone on the go.
almost perfect. it would be perfect if there was an overview dashboard that showed outstanding invoices like the online dashboard.
. doesn't do what the advertisements say it does. and the app has so many bugs on my new pixel it's not worth it.
. great app for small businesses
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
terrible, embarrassing. after purchasing and downloading the app, it worked fine on day 1. tried to open it and show it off...it would not open. the next day, i gave it another chance. i successfully created an invoice template and then tried to edit a service. the app then froze. i will obtain a full refund and never give this another look.
. very good app
review. happy with qb is working for me just need to work out how to link my bank in and do my accounts on it this should be simple but l am no wizard on tec. the code that l am ask for from my bank is not linking and not sure why. but so fare it's good.
. so far not happy. it doesn't show my address nor phone number on quotations and i can't find a way to make it do so. also states 30 day free, then gives me a measly 24 hrs from the time of install to save with a monthly discount. ok, i'll bite. they immediately sucked my first monthly payment. where's this 30 day free trial? biggest thing is its extremely limited and not ready for prime time. poor release.
coowner. most of our business is at the customer sites and this app makes real invoicing, estimating and other accounting possible right at the customer site. it's constantly improving, too.
nearly as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
easy. i use it to view the position rather than a tool to raise invoices etc, a nice addon
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
fail update.. update never savessends invoices on either of my 2 devices
. great app for mobile business
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
application ios. bonjour, enfin l’application ios a quand les prochaines mise à jour ? 1 adresse d’expédition inexistant dans les factures et les devis ? 2 impossible accéder au facture qui se trouve dans les brouillons 3 impossible de rapprocher les opérations avec la banque en ligne 4 impossible de mettre des pièces jointe dans les factures et devis
quick booksuseful app..!. it is amazing and very useful to me...and can you please tell what are the services we can access?
great app... needs some work.. there’s no way to record a sale without attaching a customer to it. also, there’s really not a place in the app to keep a ledger. if it had these 2 things, it would get 5 stars from me, but as it stands i give it 4.
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
. very good program
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
keshav. it is a beautiful software. very flexible and user friendly. it made my work so simple. thanks to quick books!
general manager. garbage company
unable to signin. since the update, qb won't authenticate on iphone 5s: either it states technical difficulties or the login info is incorrect. i'll uninstall and install to see if that resolves this new programming error.
". loving being able to access and invoice on the go! can be slow but so can online. entering invoices on phone i have to hide the keyboard to go to next field  be good to have ""next"" button."
track time. so far i’m pretty unhappy with this app because i thought that i could use it to track my time while i was with a client with a timer. i know that i read that somewhere when i was researching this app. that would have been a perfect feature. if this is something that i can actually do and someone can let me know how to do it i will change my rating to 4 or 5 stars.
. doesn't allow me to add my other business. i had to go to the website, add it, sign out of the app and back in again before it showed up. given the app has an setup business flow, you'd think they'd let you use this to add another.
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
"access. i was going to download the app until i saw the list of ""access needed"". confused why they need my contact, camera, photos, etc. to run financial program. seems a bit intrusive."
good product. use this for small business. works good for all basic business functions. updates have made it even better. i enjoy and appreciate this product.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
add receipt photos!!!. please this feature is desperately needed. you did it for the self employed app why not for this more expensive version???
. great software . still learning.
. i have been experiencing some trouble when doing the banking reconciliation function. every other app works fine, and even quickbooks is okay until i use the banking feature. updated everything and rebooted phone, still very slow. using an lg v10
the cost is not free. it tells you it free but when you go in to create a online account it states it is $9.99 a month which you can buy a program cheaper then that
. very useful
owner. i bought my basic subscription through the apple store and now i want to upgrade to essentials has anyone done or knows how to do this
. worst app ever. at best there is a 30 second lag when opening the app, at worst it freezes my phone up and i have to restart the whole phone. the app doesn't display most of my customer transactions. awful, ill be finding a new cloud based accounting service.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
enables my business.... ...to run smooth and accurately from monthtomonth, yeartoyear. managing multiple clients and accounts would be a nightmare without quickbooks.
. the app is unusable and highly inferior to the web interface. when you create an invoice, it always defaults to retail invoice without the facility to change to tax invoice, so i'm forced to use the web interface for invoicing. suppliers activity always shows a blank page so again need web interface to view suppliers balance, expenses etc. can't you people make a decent app ?
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
". creo está app buena administración de empresas x ese motivo desidi "" instalarla y google como responsable de negocios, se entienda, bien con esta empresa y tiene juegos de lotería de los casinos, también, para yo jugar en ratitos,"
. if i could give it a half star i would. i have a customer who paid me a week ago through my invoice and it still hasn't reached my account how can i run my business if my money wont be put into my account?
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
so much that's so wrong. this rating is for qbo overall, because the app lives in an infrastructure. qbo is rapidly becoming the biggest pos in the accounting world. not sure what they’re trying to do, but it isn’t producing a usable set of books. the app is just a small part of the collapse.
it just works. it works well across all platforms. laptop pc, ipad, android phone. i am very pleased with it. still so much that i need to learn as i don't know much about business.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
"latest upgrade is a disgrace. i have never written a negative review of an upgrade, but the latest version of this app made a great app totally useless. you can no longer receive invoices or reconcile bank balances. do yourself a favor and delete the quickbooks app rather than ""upgrade."" the mobile website is more useful than the app."
essential for small business owners. i find quickbooks essential for my small business. makes business management much easier than it would be with any other method or product.
👌🏼. not a bad app
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
great app. it's good to use this to add pics of receipts to your account while you work on the mac. i have been waiting for this for such a long time. i needed something to replace the outdated ato's erecord.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
crashes. same problem: crashes. looks good though.
. great used old quick book enjoying this although i don't find it as easy to navigate my way around.
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
. cant connect to the app
. fantastic, easy to use software. i own two small businesses and quickbooks has made my life a lot easier. with the app i can use it anywhere, which is a nice bonus. highly recommend it!
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
agree with useless. not what i expected. does not have the same functions as qbo. disappointed! would have been great and convenient if all functions were available.
. really easy to use
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
. useless wont connect to hsbc to import transactions, then locks you out of internet banking very stressful wouldn't recomend.
finally!. this app does all that i've wanted  expenses and all. good to se qbo is working at this. love the mobile experience.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
doesn't refresh data, data is inconsistent. doesn't refresh data, data is inconsistent
. easy to use onthego as my business is mobile. able to navigate with minimal fuss.
expenses. how do add an expense thats on a 30 or 60 day account?
nightmare to delete account. costs per month!
great app. this has transformed my business. it is so easy to use that i now do my accounting on my cell phone.
needs expenses  time functionality.. obvious missing functionality.
haven't enjoyed quickbooks online. several bugs. customers having trouble paying online. was told to have them use a different browser. really? drop down menus recently stopped working.
very good!. very flexible product. love the mobile application. would like more canned reports and the ability to print weekly time sheets. overall a 9 out of 10.
good presentation. the app does not provide the option of tds in invoice which is provided in pc browser. so a star less from me
. pathetic app works too slow with a fast internet connection.. takes hours to get refreshed highly disappointed
mjm quality construction. great app. i can work from anywhere with internet connection.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
. doesnt always load, have to un install and re install every other day
amazing improvement in technology. we operate a wholesale division, a small brick & motor store, and two large ecommerce platforms that we participate in. quickbooks online and the combination of some of the apps will completely revolutionize how we process our accounting and retail transactions. saving us countless hours of time and increasing productivity
missing a major key demographic.. although a good application, there are some things missing  like the ability to do business income taxes for t2 (corporations). this feature should be able to send those docs to cra in a format that ready to go. especially when small business corporations are being targeted in the media. help make this easier  there's no reason this feature should not be incorporated into the software.
will not stop asking for a review. trying to get work done and having to swap back and forth between invoices to get the numbers. made difficult since every time i switch back and forth it asks for me to review the app. well, there you go, 1 star, now let me work.
quickbooks. accounting app
. would be nice if the app would recognize the info on the receipt when you take a pic of it
crap now. sux after update
make life easier on the mobile. love having my data at my fingertips without having to bring up the web version.
how to raise downloads by 10 times?. how to raise downloads by 10 times? service, daily installs can reach 3000+. ping me at skype& whatsapp:+8615282351612 facebook:aso888. every one can get a test promotion for 3 days now!
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
great app for qb online. when i need an invoice sent out and i'm away from my pc, qb solved the inconvenience with this app. one thing i can't find is how to change the figure slide login.
. can't log in why won't it let me sign in? this is awful! please fix quickly!!
. signed up 6 days ago for self employed package, although it says in the package i can use the app, when opening the app it states i have not signed up for it... emailed asking for help, no reply. scheduled a call back for tuesday 13pm, noone called. poor customer service. i will cancel and find another accountancy program.
. looking for an update to more easily track hours per job.
small business owner. it's fantastic and professional for service contracting for management, but the fact that the crew in the field still use paper carbons to submit & clients want paper makes this a major problem. if the client doesn't give an email, or the field crew doesn't get the right info, i end up spending extra hours trying to figure it out...
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
. this app works perfectly for making and sending invoices, addingediting new items, reviewing bills, etc. i haven't figured out how to download an invoice as a packing slip...sometimes i need that function, so have to go to my computer.
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
can't offline book keeping.. it's terrible that you can't add expenses when offline. the app needs internet constantly and that's very frustrating as lots of my business is outside of network. basically the app is useless if you don't have internet!
access. this app is great. it is so nice to be out in the field looking at a project and make an estimate right then and there while things are fresh in your mind. not to mention for the quick service call we are able to make our invoice right there and present it when we are complete with the work. aloha po'okela lawn service kailua, hawaii
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
no support for canadian tax system. intuit's quickbooks for web does not support the canadian tax system. not sure why this app is appearing in the canadian app store.
easy to use and quick customer service. love this app for my business. makes it easy to keep everything up to date and keeps the books accurate. i recommend it to every business!!
only problem. i have a few problems the app is very slow when editing email address in the send invoice i don’t see a few things that i’d like  discounts for example no way to customize message to different customers most of this is pretty minor biggest issue is reconciliation of books at end of year
too many errors to count. i’ve been using mint for years and love it. this software on the other hand is terrible. save yourself the frustration and use anything else.
. great app.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
. how long has this app been out and it still doesn't work? i can update my bank feeds just fine on the website and pc version but the android app always errors out. clearing cache or reinstalling won't help. i get the same error on my phone and tablet. on my other tablet it just crashes to home screen completely. why am i paying for this again??
the best invoice app. very simple to use and helps a lot! i recomend
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
terrible. this app has so many problems. it will freeze up and the only way to fix it is to delete he app and download it again. i wii ok old not recommend.
great app. for my business is been really helpful app. i'm a painter contractor, check job all day, if i need to send estimates and invoices now i can do it on the road.
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
poor. this app makes very poor use of the screen real estate of phablet style phones and even worse on ipads. they also removed the comma from the keyboard, so adding additional email addresses to a customer is impossible. generally a poor design, this app is years behind where i should be.
my dependable business partner. over the years, as a small business owner, i have come to depend on quickbooks. initially that made me extremely nervous, but i have found that both the app and the online version have come to be dependable and it's very important partner in my business success. they have made the app even more intuitive. i recommend it!
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
. app runs extremely slowly and often won't even open. it freezes almost constantly. using a galaxy s8 phone.
game changer. been using the desktop version for over a decade. now that i’m using qbo along with the mobile app i feel like i have been living in the dark ages! this is simple, useful, powerful and most importantly convenient! no more keeping up with paper receipts and forgetting to keep track of purchases.
almost great. this app would be better if it had a little more functionality. i would love to be able to upload photos to invoices or even send an invoice from the app. i find myself not really using the app very much because it does not have full functionality. it would be nice if qb could mirror their web based app.
nothing quick about quick books. not easy and not quick. out of all the invoice apps i’ve used this has been the most awkward
convenient. nice on the go app!
. no unit field in invoice or estimation. makes it impractical in real life transactions.
crashing. app keeps crashing every time i click on it!
great ap. great easy to use app really close to getting rid of my laptop entirely
. good basic accounting app but widgets don't seem to work
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
. so far i've loved everything about this app.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
"great app!. this is a really good app for ""handling your business"" from anywhere."
. more nicer with the update but i still can't give my customers discounts, i wish it would let me make a negative quantity or rate while making and invoice.
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
easy, fast, convenient. love using this app! it is really easy to navigate and lets me do everything i need to very quickly. always in sync no matter which device i'm on.
. expenses can be duplicated if the save button is pressed more than one time.
app issue. i've been using the quickbooks app for over 6 months and it worked fine. now, for the past week the app will not let me access my company data or the data is incorrect after multiple reinstalls. this is very aggravating and qb's customer support stated it's an ios issue. please correct this issue asap. thank you
couldn't run my business without it!. this is an incredible program! my favorite thing about it is how mobile it is. my business is all out in the field... so i'm always creating invoices, collecting payment, and writing receipts often times right in front of my clients. i can literally do each one of these tasks in less than one minute. customers are impressed, records are kept uptodate, and my mind is at peace. very satisfied!
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
will not let me access my info!!!. ever since i got new phones for my technicians ,samsung s5, i have not been able to access any of my customers, transactions, or invoices. i use qbo for my business, but have now lost all mobile capabilities. if not resolved, i will be forced to use a different accounting software. 5 stars if working properly.
great app. really like this app but switching from iphone to an android device i miss the expense option in the app. for the iphone you could input an expense on the app with the android you can not. i would like to see that added for the android app.
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
two factor log in broken. can't log in since the app was updated, it just crashes after i enter my login details
excellent app. this is excellent app, save me lots of time and got ridd of lots of papers.
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
. didn't login in for a couple weeks, and they removed all of my account data. worthless.
love it!. i was a longtime desktop user. i love never having to upgrade and being able to sign in anywhere!
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
i can't get in. once i log in it loads and says error an d doesn't work !
more than convenient, it's necessary. having the app makes it so much easier to do business on the go. you can send estimates and invoices before the client meeting has even ended. efficient and essential!
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
used to love it.... ever since the app was updated, i can no longer get past the sign in screen on my galaxy note 5. at least it still works on my ipad i guess...
great app!¡. im always on the go and this app is great when invoiceestimate has to be sent immediately or when there is no computer access¡¡ highly recommended for biz on the go!!
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
charts not found. both on the commercial and in the android preview, they display charts from the app. but they are no where to be found.
. love this app
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
. simple to use and powerful tool
. i've just started using qb and i'm very impressed. i was using xero and truelly,it has been horrendous. qb all the way. so user friendly.
. this app hacked my phone and when i uninstalled it it reinstalled itself and destroyed my phone, do not install this app
great app!!!. this is a great app for my small business. i can make and send out invoices from my phone. which is great!!
intuit quickbooks. software
. error everytime i log in, and requires password so often. edit: the log in is working, but when i try to add an expense it doesn't save, the same button doesn't work
very helpful. would love that they add a feature for partially paid invoices
easy here, hard there. you can tell this is more for business that need to create invoices more than purchase orders. desktop as well. i’ll give 4 stars when they add a po feature to the app.
. i've been using quickbooks for a few years. it's been great. but lately i haven't been able to access old invoices or quotes. very inconvenient for past work that we've done. now i'm having a huge issue with latest data not syncing to my device and can't even get into my account. things should be getting better not worse. i've consulted with customer service which hasn't helped either.
. super app
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
customer service & support sucks. go with freshbooks instead.
. great tool for a service business! create an invoice and get paid all at the job site in one easy app
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
fix log in problems. the latest update made logging in extremely difficult. i am no longer able to use my pin or fingerprint even though they are both enabled in the app.
. best app out there for assisting in every phase of running your company
. it's nice to have access to qbo account if computer is not available. 4 star due to some functions available thru online but not in the app. i am a qboa user and a pro advisor.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing i can't create and send my invoice please fix asap
. great little accounts app for a reasonable price.
. need to change the phone number in the invoice... how?
subscription errors. nothing but problems since january. i switched from the download to the app so i could do it at home and it's been nothing but problems, and not even the same ones!!! i have 2 companies, it's june, and i'm still trying to get this straightened out to input this years data.
. very much useful app
great app. need security code.. the app has lot of confidential data. please add security code to open the app, similar to quicken.
nothing but glitches on my ipad. really not worth it nothing but problems one operating on ipad
quickbooks. i've used quickbooks for more than 15 years now. i have been using this app for 6 to 8 months, it is the greatest app i have on my phone.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
. doesn't seem to let me login with my google account as i do on the website. not sure how i should login in this case.
. makes it so easy to invoice and estimate on the go.
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
. ugly icon change it back to blue. the green doesn't go with the rest of the user interface. :
. this app coupled with the web based app is the best thing i have seen for small business. cut book work down to an hour a night rather than 3. the ability to send both quotes and invoices on the go saves hours. works extremely well with the paid web app happy as with both
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
worst app ever ! not reliable. been using qb for may years, the last few years have been tough for them. we use our mobile app constantly, but it has many issues. it constantly crashes and some day it just won't open. not acceptable. we have taken to customers service many times, but the problems still persist. i get it growing pains right ? is just too much. we are looking for an alternative software like cero. sad but qb get 1 star .
freelance developer. works great to record expenses and keep a copy of receipts.
. i wish this was a completely free app.
unable to sync. all i get is errors about syncing. different phones. same problem. works great in my ipad, though!
new update has stopped my app from working!!!. since the update i now can’t accept anything or change anything!!! the only thing i can do it add the expenses!!!! sort it out please!!!!!
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
. this app has made my life much easier while handling my business accounts!
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
brilliant. used other software apps before now and this one knocks socks off them, can access all my account details and add bills and send invoices so much easier during the day now, knocks about 30minutes a night off my admin
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
really good app. ok, at first i was reluctant to use it, but after trying it i found it really easy and simple. don't wait, use it.
. looks really good but not for me as i don't send enough invoices so not worth paying for. if i had more business and earnt more money then it would be perfect. but for someone who does cleaning a couple of times as a week not worth paying. shame there isn't a free version.
crashes, not usable, nexus 5x. crashes and no longer usable on a stock nexus 5x on android 6.0.1. app is now useless to me on my phone which is a major problem.
. best app ever
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
update is awful.. please fix the app. it was great until the last update!! can't even get tech support without it crashing.
quickbooks. the best accounting system and app there is no realistic comparison. easy to use.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
pathetic. so i have quickbooks, a banking transaction fails, they straight away stop you from using quickbooks, what a unprofessional outfit this is.
upload receipts feature. snap on mobile new feature saves lots of time as well the ability to drag and drop files or emailing receipts work well and helps expedite petty cash procedures. excellent addition to quickbooks online!!
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
deposit. tried many times with support how to do deposit with app no one can tell me how using tablet very frustrating
new business. great app, easy to use when building my own business.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
. doesn't give the full qbo experience, if it is it's not the same ui
. i run all aspects of my life from church to finance from the app
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
do not waste your time on this free version. this is a very limited app. do not try it! app is limited and they just try to up sell the full version. support friendly but can not support a mobile version on an ipad . this product only good for desk top computer. would not recommend to anyone. beware. check out other reviews i simply ignored the negative reviews now i am writing one.
. great app for invoicing and tracking expenses
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
a great experience. this new update has just all the features required from this app and more. not just do you guys listen but act as well. kudos. the best cloud service, that can be.
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
यह ऑफलाइन में काम नहीं करेगा क्या? सॉफ्टवेर ऐसा बनाओ जो ऑफ़ लाइन में भी काम करे. not working in off line yeh off line me kam nahin kar raha hain
. decent needs expenses like gas and food. also the ability to enter bank deposits and batch them together. this is a great app for invoicing and recording accepting a payment from a customer, that is the extent of it though.
. like the app. interface is great. would like to see an charge option for customers, so i can tally up customer's account over the course of a month and bill at the end for my lawn care business.
still many bugs. still too many problems to be solved
roy. great for on the go work. would be even better if you could request payment from the app. (ipn) then you get a 10 star.
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
error. the app is not letting me sign in! it keeps saying error!
a j rooter. it's an easy program to use makes life a lot less aggravating when you can do your work on the road
. this is a great app and has been an invaluable tool for me to manage my business. the only draw back i have found is when i tried to use paypal in conjunction with the app. 1) the cost implications and 2) getting the money to my bank account. this is not a quickbooks issue but it just caused me a headache.
. full time hang and not working properly
. outstanding app!
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
doesn't sync. app doesn't sync with qb, banking features (adding expenses, vendors) also doesn't sync with online site.
great app. only thing missing is the ability to track billable time with clients
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
update crashed. i have all of my quickbooks point of sale ipads that cannot open the app since the update! we have all had to resort to computers and phones to run our business! you may want to consider this before you join up with quickbooks! they are notorious for problems relating to their quickbooks online.
. i am a quickbooks proadvisor. i started qbo and am getting used to it. the mobile app has really improved! thanks intuit. always love how you really care about what we experience.
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
app will not open after update. app will not open on my iphone, making it impossible to input expenses and worse still accept payment on jobs!
shwetha. super app
. would be nice if the app would recognize the info on the receipt when you take a pic of it
. this app works well in ios, but a total disaster on android. i was supposed to renew my subscription, but instead, it routed me to creating a new company under a new subscription. i wasted my money for something i do not need. do not download this app.
. great app
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless. hello quickbooks how about a fix?
can't imagine not using quickbooks!. so much easier that our previous accounts package. so many apps and addons you can build a complete solution what ever business your in.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
bug. current iphone version doesn’t let me enter expenses. every time i try, i get an “error: please choose a template before saving.” huh?
. i love this app. anyone with a small business should have this!
. great software. i think very soon, it will change the way people maintain books
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
. great app use it all the time. east to use
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
. quick books online asking me to update app through website .... will not open. says to email you the results or error and someone will get back to me.... not yet been 5 days
. great app saved me lots of time
. very good program, other than the price has went up 3 times this year.........getting expensive.......started at $12 a month and now at $25
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
easy of use. i think the app will be great once i figure out how it works.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
pathetic on ipad. i don’t know why intuit bother to have an ipad app. it never works, has less functionality than a browser. the latest update tells you your account doesnt exist, the exact same log in as a browser. someone in the development department is being paid far too much for a substandard product. avoid the app like the plague
exactly what i need. amazing app and way simple to use!
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
don’t ever sign up for subscription services. i signed up for this and forgot my login credentials. it was a pain to figure out how to cancel it.
. fast and convenient for recording transactions.
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
app crashes on ios 9 and ios 10. when i click on support it takes you to a web page that also does not work properly. do you have email support ?
absolutely great  speechless. i can't believe that qb has gone this forward in app. really impressed with the features specially reconciling bank through app. what a great feature. very efficient  100% from me.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
crashes. crashes immediately after i open the application. update was recently done and now i can't use it.
great app!. i was using quickbooks pro desktop 2013 before going to online 2016. all i can say is wow! i never realized how much i was missing. reconciling expenses with automatic bank and credit card transaction downloads can be done on my phone anywhere and anytime. no need to log into bank and manually download. huge time saver. also keeps me up to date on my finances with great reporting built in and at my fingertips.
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
. app is crashing. also, when it does log in successfully, it doesn't remember my state from previous login. it needs to downloads stacks of data all over again.
changed my life. very helpful and easy to use. now i am my own accountant and i can keep close track on everything i do. i love this app!
. great app. could do with some improvements which i'm sure will happen. my biggest problem is you can't update your banking transactions through the app, you have to use the website. if you click refresh, nothing ever happens. it's annoying to have to go to the website.
. does not load half the pages, keep having to link accounts multiple times, made my life hell, avoid
love using quickbooks!!. i love using it and it makes my business so easy and don't even need to carry my computer. i can actually do all of my invoices estimates anytime anywhere with my cell phone!
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
good, but too limited.. as others have posted, this app would be infinitely more useful if it had more of the functionality of the desktop browser based system. being mobile means i can't do many if the things i'd like to.
. exelent app!!! excellent app it works for my small business if one tech and one office lady.i just can't figure out how to add small items i use to repair i.e. couplings tees nineties and what they fall under. other than that i love this app.
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
buggy. super buggy and currently unusable. fix your app qb. we pay good money for your service.
. great app.
same as other free app. wave does the same and it's free... once it's finish my period i am out.
not good for multiple businesses. this app is very basic. can't even view multiple accounts without logging out and logging back in.
. i've been using quickbooks desktop for 15 years and have always loved it. the switch to online was as smooth as can be. this app is saving me time and money. i highly recommend!
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer service (james refusing a last name or initial from customer care) experience, nothing resolved. no response from error logs. called and even gave control of my computer. never did intuit offer any fix. ongoing issues over 6 months damaging my business.
love it!!!. i am a tile contractor and use this app everyday. i love the latest update where the customer can sign the estimate.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
terrible customer service and often outages. terrible customer service and often outages. if you have a problem you're on your own because there are no numbers to call or anybody to message. it's only faqs
excellent software. best products, excellent customer service, can't imagine how i would manage without it. thanks quickbooks!!!
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
no mileage tracking. false advertising. the mileage tracking screen shot is from the self employed app, not the small business app
awesome. this app is perfect for all users. i haven't found an instance where this app can not be used. it lets the boss and employee work together from anywhere. it can only get better with time. if u need an invoice or quote program. this is your app. (+more). a lot less paper work that's for sure. 😉
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
. after updating i cannot add a negative item in charges for discounts and stuff. why. will cancel sub soon if not fixed
the best invention since the wheel. i am extremely happy with quickbooks. i’ve owned restaurants for over 20 years, and i started using quickbooks about three years ago. what a nightmare it used to be doing paperwork. i could not live without quickbooks now to provide for me and my family and employees. the best investment i ever made.
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
. i want & need a 5 star but i cannot get any kind of help with my issue , which is i cannot get my invoices to go out via gmail. help!
great app. works great thanks for rhe ease of use and being able to do my books on the go
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
. lousy compared to the ios app. bank does not sync and invoices that are over due don't show up
. love the fact that i can review transactions from anywhere.
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
"immediate session time out. immediately logs me out due to ""session time out"", rendering the app completely useless. 😒"
awesome, powerful app. we've been using quickbooks for years, this app allows us to take all our bookkeeping at our finger tips
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
accounting professionals client list incomplete. when logged into the account thru the app, i am unable to view all clients quickbooks accounts.
. works great, i love this app.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
very convenient. app is great when you are not in your office.
some what happy. quick book is useful however, it's use is not as user friendly as it could be. the extra time it takes for me to have to identify items and upload others takes up more than i care to.
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
quickbooks app. it has all the tools i need and is very convenient
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
full functionality missing from mobile app.. quickbooks online and the mobile app do not communicate effectively. it's like running two different programs that aren't fully integrated. mobile app lacks time reports and seamless expense invoicing especially in expense details. attempting to add item descriptions to expense reports does not work. there simply isn't a place for it. also, attempting to view a transaction with time, mileage, or reimbursable expenses results in an unable to view prompt. as such the app gets one star.
great app. great for small business but it's a little on the expensive side
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
doesn’t work like the app on a pc. the fact that the apps are not the same on a pc than on the ipad or mobile is frustrating. can’t see running totals on the register, can’t add transactions the same way, etc. and the kicker is the website version doesn’t work at all on the ipad, can’t scroll through the register because scroll bars are absent in chrome or safari. horrible adaptation and makes the ipad useless to conduct accounting business with quickbooks...
. great app.
good start, but i need to enter time tickets on this app.. hopefully they add that feature soon.
. i haven't been able to use this app for a really long time, all the sudden it doesn't save my login details anymore, hard to login, once i logged in and try to go next step, it logged me out and says tempary not available. super annoying!!
great, but missing one thing.. the only thing this app is missing is a way to input hours on my time sheet.
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
new to quickbooks. i decided to switch my established business from square to quickbooks and so far i have no complaints. it’s fairly easy to use. the only thing i’m currently waiting on is for my transactions to clear and be deposited which takes about a week since i’m new. should be a breeze after that.
easy to use so much detail!. i like that it can be synced with my crm & shared with my accountant!
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
why don't have auto feel?. outo sense is not working.pick your item from product list (lose time) it's difficult to use online app. they have to make better like invoice2go
. very helpful for small business. i run a small construction company, it helps me create quotes, track cost, send invoices, and input payment. it allows me to save jobs so i can go back and look at how much a part or whole of a project costed to create quicker and more accurate quotes.
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
some problems. when it works it's great, i use it every day and every day there is a problem, the system tells me they are having problems, please try again later, takes forever to send email. it's very frustrating when you have a business on the go.
awesome. this app is awesome quick efficient and mobile please consider for small business accounting needs
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
what did you do with the functionality?. there is nothing to work with here. qbo has gone from bad to worse. what happened to the 'almost desktop version' i saw in beta?
great app, continues to get better. best decision i ever made for my business was moving to qb online. saves a ton of time being able to conduct business on the fly.
. keeps logging me out otherwise really nice app
unfair and idiotic. your supervisor told me i would receive 3 months free quickbooks online...then i get a bill...then you refund my account and cancel it???!!! wow! and then waste hours of my time telling me you can't give me 3 months free? this is starting to look like a scam! not to mention the 1 star rating you receive from consumer affairs. you guys need to wake up and be professional!!
. very easy and quick to use, would like to be able to access my invoices and stuff on a browser though
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
app isn’t working now. please advise. it has stopped working. i click on the app and it automatically closes. new iphone today should work unless not compatible with ios13.
. longtime customer, happy with access remotely
quickbooks online. 80% of business can be done from smartphone including invoicing and expenses.
. it won't sync with my account and often won't open. update: after emailing my info to the email they responded with, i never heard back. i also called and was told that they'll work on it and email me. haven't heard yet, maybe next week.
. love the app. really helps making estimates and sending email to customers. it can also keep up with profit and loss but i haven't been using it. habit of doing it myself
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
. where do i start. purchased to help with accounts for small self employment business. did not upload new transactions from bank account or paypal as advertised on app or the full site. mileage tracker was not accurate. user interface too basic. so frustrating as i would use this constantly but as it does not upload my transactions properly, it is unusable. far too glitchey as an app. wish i had done free trial and not wasted money on it.
love this app!. very easy and simple to use. i can instantly add details from job to job and also great for keeping track of what's going on in my company. thanks jdm auto detailing
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
. now, can't even access some of my clients from the app. i have sent the error logs several times to intuit, but no response. it keeps getting worse. lacking the fingerprint option to login. also, accepting transactions from bank feed in android not as smooth as it is in iphone. app starts freezing after accepting a few transactions. additionally, progressive invoicing does not work in the app. should make it more useful for accountants though, adding bank reconciliations capability would help.
. quickbooks is amazing. i use it for my company and have never ran into any problems. they have a wide spectrum of things you can do, and the are probably the cheapest options for accounting software. #quickbooksforthewin
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
chrashing in estimates. the app is great, only hiccup is that it restarts as soon as i go into opening a new estimate
. very easy to enter receipts. very easy to keep track of expenses. super easy to do quotes for contracting once all of your inventory is loaded.
. good app, but it is expensive....
discount. why in the world would you apply the discount after sales tax? in the mobile app, you cannot toggle the order. ridiculous.
good app. no complains
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
doesn’t let you do self assessment tax. this app only does my business tax return, and whilst it doesn’t explicitly promise more, because it doesn’t let me do my self assessment (buy to let) it means i still need another app to do this. and an account on top. being such a major tax app, the fact it can’t deal with all my tax matters is a major fail.
amazing. it is a great app. so powerful i can do my full estimate and invoice and the best feature entering in my receipts for expenses and it's so easy!
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
". checked this app out to see if it was good for my business. i was charged 7.99 for a ""free"" 30 day trial. decided it wasnt the right app for me. thanks for the 2 days i used it and was charged for. awesome!! (insert sarcasim here)"
luv it!. have been using quickbooks for many many years. have loved it from the beginning. i am now enjoying the online version even more. has been a wonderful addition for me and all of my clients. has made travel so much easier for my clients to still be able to keep tabs on their businesses. strongly recommend!
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
help and advise. i subscribe this on the trial and pop up the good deal 7.49 for 3 months and should be starting my payment for real is 14.99 in january. hey should be responsible for this ads. apple
. easy to navigate! great app!
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
. wish i never started using quickbooks. i can't connect to my bank anymore . got the new app logged in and they want another subscription off me. waste of time and money. no actual support apart from the automatic ok ne which is as much use as a chocolate fireguard.
finally signature for iphone. love it!!! all of my invoices are generated via my iphone 6, and it was frustrating without having that feature. touch id is a great touch! i like the ability to have different invoice options, but wish i could design it exactly the way i want it. keep up the great work with updates.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
needs additional function. this is a great app for limited situations. it needs support for bills, deposits, and bill payments.
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
. malfunctions on every level. did not attach a single receipt picture to the transaction. brought in the bank accounts and scrambled them. even on the desktop deposits are expenses and you cannot edit them
the best. this app is the best for my businnes, when i use him as a contractor is the best, because i never lost money or forget charge any work. i love it.
conevenient but lacks features. overall, good for checking basic things on the go, as well as some other basic functions. it is far from fully featured though. quickbooks online sees constant updates with new features lately, so it’s probably just a matter of time before the app catches up a bit.
bs. imported a csv for earlier history than the standard import, as the instructions said to, only to find nothing in the record anywhere, again. yes, i spent a few hours, imported lots of transactions, got nothing, twice. screw these people.
. this app is honestly magnificent. it helps me balance my checkbook. helps me track expenses and send invoices. it's honestly a must.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
. it's doesn't work in india
. good good app
. really nice accounting app. loads of integrations via desktop browser. even a desk top app that i suspect is node based. the best feature which is lacking in other accounting apps is transaction memos. that £200 i lent my mate in july is useful info when you look back a year later.
. qb desktop has a far superior user interface i did not realize that this is not the same program
great app easy to use. this new version does almost everything online with my smart phone. i can match transactions, add expenses, do almost everything i need to do while on the road. thank you intuit!
. no unit field in invoice or estimation. makes it impractical in real life transactions.
. 92019 i gave it 3 stars because it's ok. it serves its purpose. i'm now disturbed because my monthly fee was $9.99. the month of september  i was billed $19.99. why?? if this is the case...i'm deleting this app. now i feel as if you're stealing from me! 10819 yep...i'm done. $19.99 a month is too steep for my pockets. effective december 31st, i have to say good bye.
great app!!. i love it! this program has totally transformed our family business!!
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
. dashboard does not load. completely useless at this point. cannot invoice, add expenses or write sales receipts.
. quick simple and easy to use for startups and small businesses
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
quickbooks mobile app crashes continuously, unusable. the quickbooks mobile app crashes continuously and is totally unusable in it’s current condition on ipad. frustrating and we are planning to switch accounting app companies, after years with quickbooks program. intuit seems unconcerned with fixing the problem that has been plaguing our recordkeeping for weeks now.
. great app
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
. i downloaded this app and not once has it worked. it crashes when i'm trying to login. i've never made it past the login screen!
. i use this app every day. i love it and it makes book keeping easy. the key is to enter everything.
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
. quickbooks technical support is very bad and technical support dont know about how to customised form of bill and showing in their theam but donot show in my bill how to solve it thay don't know ..... and my network speed is 5mbps but opening quick books need time 10  20 minutes to open ... i don't recommend any one for supscription or purchase .... this is a overall very slow software
. app is pretty good.
. app is crashing as soon as it starts... 🙄 edit: app is now working, i wish all features of the desktop version were also available on mobile.
useless app. can’t issue a po, pull one up via search, properly send one, etc. core business function that they didn’t bother to include because intuit continues to have their head stuck in the sand.
. makes things sooo much easier and frees up time! no more sitting in front of a computer all day a couple times a month doing data entrybook keeping. very user friendly app and program. only thing i have to log on to do is mark and sort deposits on the sales end.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
can not do custom invoice numbers. the app can not do custom invoice numbers. i have had the app for two months and paying the monthly fees and have not been able to send out my first proper invoice. i have asked support and they come back with instructions to go to certain settings that do not exist on the app.
. i travel for work and this app is awesome. i can write and email estimates, invoices, and recieve payments on the fly. it makes my life way easier.
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
time expense and mileage. great product. inconsistent functionality across desktop, iphone and ipad. for us professional service peeps can we have time expense and mileage please!
. i am very very convenient and easy billing....so i am happy...my feelings is good...best app for small business
. worthless program. i am a quickbooks pro advisor and user for 20 years. this just does not work well and there are better applications out there.
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
quickbooks app. great app. really useful.
. every invoice i have done since the beginning of 2017 says 90 plus days past due
signing out.... ugh this app keeps signing me out in the middle of my work.. please fix this soon. 😞
. great app!
. you need this app if your running a business
inconsistent. ipad app is missing enter bills. doesn’t match screen layout of online.
simple and good. easy to use. user friendly.
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
excelente. es una app genial me a facilitado el trayecto administrativo un 100%
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. can't run payroll from the app.
like it but needs more features. i can do everything i need to from this app. i would like to see the ability to create purchase orders and pay bills & i just wish they had more integration with paypal.
. you should make the interface exactly the same as the desktop version. we don't mind paying more for online, knowing that we constantly get updates, and logon capabilityfrom any computer and can have the online backups. but having the desktop vs online being totally different and opposite from eachother is annoying. i will give 5 stars when this changes.
it works ok...but, be warned!!. they state 25 business days for payments to clear to your bank account, truth is it typically takes 510 days and way longer if payments are more than a few thousand dollars. they make you wait on your $ while they snag a chunk of interest on your funds. it’s been almost 12 months and we’ve decided to go back to square for their faster processing.
. good app
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app!
". just signed up. you get a 24hr trial and then it asks you to spend $7.99mo with a 30% off discount (not sure if that is included, or what). so much for a ""free"" app."
really good software. i just wish the software team will work on all the glitches and fix the way done windows freeze... also they need to add to quickbooks online and make it more flexible accounting wise just like the desktop version
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
. i cant for the life of me grasp how i need to male an account before even seeing a demo or testing. not cool
simple and easy. i find the app and the computer program simple and easy to navigate. i operate my small business using quickbooks and i am yet to have an issue.
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go but would love to have the actual versus budget comparison on the dashboard instead of having to bring up a report.
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
keeps getting more user friendly!. the new video tutorials make it easy to learn. the portability of switching between the mobile app and the desktop version online is a priceless feature, thanks for all of your hard work!
. i've just started using qb and i'm very impressed. i was using xero and truelly,it has been horrendous. qb all the way. so user friendly.
. the reviews here are enough to completely switch me off. there's no way i could possibly give you guys money for a service that is clearly dysfunctional. the internet is littered, utterly littered with scathing and brutal truth from frustrated customers it's almost hard to believe. the sheer weight of numbers are irrefutable though. you guys clearly just don't care. wow.
great app. love using qb vs the other one i was using. well worth the money imo.
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
unable to signin. since the update, qb won't authenticate on iphone 5s: either it states technical difficulties or the login info is incorrect. i'll uninstall and install to see if that resolves this new programming error.
. perfect app
app as of lately. every time  every single time  i open app, it tells me it must log out because it’s running critical updates. it worked fine until a week ago. not sure if it’s related to apple software but it’s getting old.
. they said in your invoice that you can cancel anytime and it's not true! it has a glitch and i couldn't cancel it. make me lost two days trying to cancel it and then even charge me the month and did not give back my money. they went from 17 dollars a month to 40 dollars per month! don't never quickbooks
. i like it compared to the desktop program, i wish it had more functionality that the desktop has. i have been finding work around to get what i want done but not able to do everything like i expected. but i love being able to work in the field
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
"app doesn't work. after speaking with the help desk the advise i got was ""the app must not compatible with your phone (iphone 6 plus)"". i leave this review as i only signed up with quickbooks to manage my businesses accounts ""on the go"" and it's been a waste of money for this purpose"
awesome. a great app that i use frequently to help organize my buisness
no purchase orders. as of feb 2015, i'm unable to find a way to create purchase orders from this app. without the ability to raise orders for inventory, i cannot run my business, so the app is useless for me. seems handy, so i wish it worked properly.
crashes on ios 13. worked well on ios 12.1. now crashes as soon as logged in to quickbooks account.
wish i started a long time ago. with a service business, being able to keep up on paperwork throughout the day with the mobile app is a huge time savings. i wish there was a side bar that would allow easier navigation though.
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
doesn't work on ios. unable to login. this is a known issue with qb and ios9. support states it is indefinitely not working. guess they don't have anyone capable of writing code. intuit is a real company, right? embarrassing.
life saver. apart from the fact i have to input my password every time, this app is a great compliment to the version i use on my laptop. so easy to use, can invoice on the spot. very happy.
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
how... to switch companies in this app?
. awesome app makes invoicing and tracking payments easy
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
. the app offers no simple means to cancel your account should you wish to do so. their help desk also seems eager to push you off on to other, equally unhelpful venues. they also informed me that once i manage to cancel my account (if even possible) they will continue to hold on to my personal information, defeating the point of cancelling an account.
thanks for adding banking! now add more control over additional users.. i have been waiting for you to add banking and now you've done it! this is by far the best accounting app i have seen. now i would love to see you add more control over additional users, and a google calendar integration for scheduling.
statements. as a mobile business i’m not able to send statements from my iphone 7s when i’m traveling on the road and working out of town, this is the inconvenience we have with quickbooks, i wish you could fix that.
doesn’t always work. says it can’t show details on invoices. annoying.
great app!!. this app helps me stay connected to my office while being out on jobsites. i can check customer invoices from previous jobs to see what process was done. great app.
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
can't attach images or accept signatures. really!!?? so many features i would have expected. track expenses, milage, accept signatures.
. so user friendly
decent. not as full featured as website
worst update yet. just deleted. crashed. didn’t update banking. five star to one in a flash.
. this app is eady to use and keep all my business expenses in one place!
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
getting better. i can't live without this app. is not perfect but getting better. thank you for the improvements.
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
do not sign up using the app. signing up from the app store restricts how you can use quickbooks online. you will not be able to change basic setting like email address or password. sign up from a desktop. then you can login to the app later.
biz essential. still learning to capitalize on having my business so accessible on the fly. i send estimates and invoices before i leave the bid sometimes.
. for an app qbo is awesome. it does not have all the features of a desktop program but what app does? you guys are doing an incredible job and making impovements to both program and app all the time.
does not work in india. it is not operational in india... looking forward that it will be made available in this region soon.
. love the convenience of quickbooks app. makes invoicing and everything else so easy!
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have littleno confidence in the product.
great app. saves me a lot of time. very fluid with payments and bank transfers.
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
update make app worthless. thanks for the update that prevents me from sending invoices.
really useful. great app allowing me to raise invoices whilst on site, confirm details with clients and syncs with the software back at the office.
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wated almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
love it and support intuit provides. very convenient app for expensing. had an issue crashing while logging in and customer support was very quick to respond.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
they just keep changing the app.. my biggest complaint about the app is the limited features on customer entries. the pc version you can enter a customer as tax exempt on the phone you can't. further if you open the customer information on the phone and save it it will clear the tax exempt status on the pc version as well. so it is a constant battle to keep who is and isn't exempt straight.
president. i’m busy right now trying to invoice, from customer service to user friendly software qb is on point for the business man. love the service for sure.
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
pretty good. the app allows you to record expenses on the go as they happen. nice to be able to balance the books as you go along instead of waiting until you are back at your computer. :)
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
don’t update. ever since last update it crashes when i try to run a credit card. was talking with customer support for an hour and all she could say is i understand. when i asked to speak to a manager the line was disconnected
intuitive and very useful!. i'm surprised at how easy this app is to use and how much functionality it has. i'm able to do pretty much all of my typical day to day tasks within this app. it's extremely useful to be able to quickly put together an estimate for a client from my phone or categorize a transaction. intuit, you've done a great job here!
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
not working. app will not open on iphone 6 plus
elecsmart electricians ltd london. great app could do with some tweaks here and there but 5 stars are given !
great for my employers. i'm an office manager at two companies, and i've been able to save my employers, field technicians, and office staff time, money, and paper with qbo. thanks intuit!
now i can’t update banking feed.. all of a sudden i’m getting error 9999 when i tried to update banking feed.
intuitive and very useful!. i'm surprised at how easy this app is to use and how much functionality it has. i'm able to do pretty much all of my typical day to day tasks within this app. it's extremely useful to be able to quickly put together an estimate for a client from my phone or categorize a transaction. intuit, you've done a great job here!
crashing after ios13 update!. app is crashing after face id log in on xs max ios13
bad update. was close to perfect, or at least practical. since the last update, this app is useless to me. hoping this will change!
. nice app. easy to build and send invoices.
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use!
working great. seem to be doing really well. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
. easier to use service with website through browser. i like the idea of an app but it seems confusing and limiting at the same time.
so easy to use!. i hate accounting, so this app makes my life so easy!
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
keeps crashing. crashes every time i try to delete an item from an invoice i’m creating.
. i'm a small business owner and for me finding this app has been a blessing. this app really helps me manage my expenses as well as keep track of my inventory, employee payroll can be done as well etc. just really easy to use and having the profit and loss tracker is just awesome. so far i'm loving the free trial, definitely will subscribe once trail is over.
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
invoices don’t look great. the issue i had when using quickbooks was the invoices just didn’t look very polished or professional. there’s a way of setting up a custom invoice, but really you want a good default so you don’t have to muck around.
. overall is a very good app. the only issue that i have right now is that i can't print wallet checks on the online version.
. i like the software however it is still a bit confusing. i will need to spend more time training
garbage. app stinks
exceptional. this is incredible intuitive software that keeps you completely up to date. it saves hours of time. this is very easy to use. highly recommend for every business owner.
. u need to put the all app in full.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
. great app, but not as functional as desktop version.
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. edit: the developers comment below doesn't work as of 130619
makes business smooth and efficient.. i am self employed and have been using the pro version for several years now. it makes business documents and transactions smooth and organized. i take credit card payments via invoices. worked great for me and my clients.
same as other free app. wave does the same and it's free... once it's finish my period i am out.
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
works well and good value. we migrated from the desktop version and that was relatively easy to do and the online version is cost effective and does what it says on the tin! it's great that it's on my phone and ipad as well as desktop gives me access when i need it. no issues so far and the support is good.
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
great app. love it! easier than the desktop version!
still needs delayed charges. if you can add delayed charges to the available transactions, it will be perfect.
waste of valuable time.. all i wanted was a simple app to send 1 (one) out of state customer an invoice at the end of the month. my other 2 (two) customers don't really need one. took an hour to set it up and a couple more to figure out i was declined. just wanted something simple.
. great program to use. super simple to learn. has everything you need to run a small business.
great but how do i renew?. it says i need to renew or pay? i hit ok and try to go to the spot i need to but don't see anything. smthis happened while trying to make someone a receipt in person.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
love quickbooks app. very easy to use definitely recommend
. how to manage inventory ? i need to know the state of my stock, ie item, quantity, cost etc as the sales goes on how to do that ???
. very slow on mobile
brilliant!. after years of using outdated and under performing sage software, finally i can use a truly mobile cloud based app that fulfils all the needs of a small business. come change of tax year make the switch, it's easy and you will wish you had done it years ago.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
. why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
ipad mini. app works great
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
setup. it's too hard to set up the payroll using locations. there has to be a better way.
awesome app!. started my business with the start of this app since i'm a mobile mechanic and it's awesome to do quotes and invoices on the fly makes it easier to keep customers
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
fairly useless. this app is difficult to navigate. it doesn't come close to mimicking qbo for pcs. the functionality is very limited. it's ok for looking up some things but difficult to update info such as logging checks or deposits.
efficient. this app is great for invoicing on the go. i just wish there was a place for my clients to add gratuity when they pay their bill...
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
great complement to quickbooks online. not the full program, but it makes it easy to keep up to date with expenses on the fly.
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
good app but.... i automatically give apps that force me to rate them a onestar.
. makes my life easier
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
wow. great app
great app. previously used another software but they didn't have an android app so i switched to qb. so happy that intuit is up on new technologies
need ipad update. the ipad app should be as capable as the desktop version. when are we going to see this? iphone app is pretty stout but the ipad app needs update and soon.
my business partner!!!. qb is my real business partner. very easytouse, reliable and an allinone system for my business finances and documentation. the only comment i have is the pricing, it is a bit high monthly premium compared to a few good apps now that are really low priced and even some are free.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. quickbooks is rubbish, i have literally wasted days of my life trying to set it up to work efficiently only to hit endless glitches. the last straw was that it lost information vital to my business and therefore money because of lack of clarity on the app. beware 'edit current' actually means actually means change template and loose all previous information. quickbooks don't care about the individual and have not compensated for this.
. this is a easy to use app and makes keeping track of finances easy
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
. this app requires a password even though i chose google login. if i need a password anyway, what's the point of a google login?! quickbooks online doesn't require it. disappointed and uninstalling. i have enough accounts as it is.
excellent. excellent software worth every penny
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
powerful bookkeeping in your hand.. fantastic program to track costs, expenses, create invoices and it's all done to generally accepted accounting principles.
. good app but it's annoying that i have to remove and reinstall the app for almost every update that's released.
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
. great smb accounting software. use it for my company and have had no issues at all. customer support is responsive as well.
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
. extremely slow. no it not slow wifi no it's not the device note 10 it's just a slow app
. it's useful, but often behind the ios app. still waiting to be able to raise po's on the app  that would be super helpful when onsite with suppliers.
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
unhappy v18.12. as of version 18.2 i can no longer “switch company”. looks like the developers broke a really great app.
absolutely love it! best business accounting app. great mobile online app tool that syncs with your online quickbooks on both mac and pcs. is everything that you could ever want or need for bookkeeping, accounting, invoicing and estimates.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
useless. i'm not even sure what the point of this app is. there's absolutely nothing you can do with it besides see what what you've already done on your desktop. the app does nothing to help you keep things moving along.
complement to quickbooks online. this app is a complement to quickbooks online. this apple really work good for making estimates sending invoices and much more. i wish gopayment and quickbooks online were integrated or as one. other than that, great app.
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
. fantastic app! amazing ability to invoice on the go.
. game changer! i've only had it downloaded for 5 minutes and i love it! i will change this review, if any hiccups change my mind, after further use.
"sam. i havent logged in since. when i just launch the app, it says ""device offline"" everytime. although i use alll other apps smoothjy, why this? i even tried deleting it and downloading again..."
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
. po , translation invoice, how to add discount?
disappointed. i work a lot with the browser version of qbo which is really excellent. unfortunately, the ipad version is far from good... when we talk about cloudconnected application, i expect to have the same functionalities whatever is the system used. wrong design...
. brilliant app, very easy to use even for beginners. also has great customer support for your problems and queries.
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
broken update. your update broke the app.
. better program than the internet site on my mac book pro! very easy to use and very seem less operation.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
cis unfriendly. useless if your a contractor or subcontractor. if your in the construction industry, this app is useless. you cannot create cis invoices which renders this app useless.
. easy to use to add expenses
. is a great app to have downside is it tends to not load half the time. i have uninstalled and reinstalled and it continues to have an issue with loading.
needs work. this won't stay up to date with online or desktop app and i regularly get error messages. this is frustrating and useless.
awesome!. so easy to categorize expenses and view financial statements in seconds!
. like others have stated, this was a great app until the last update. after a few tweaks the app is up & running fine now. every so often it will ask for me to log on again even though i just used it. other than that it works fine.
so much effort!!. downloaded this to try and make my life easier but setting it up is so much hassle!! can't add my bank account for some reason though i believe i'm typing the right details in  zero replies to my emails for help and whenever i've called for help i end up speaking to someone who obviously has no clue about the app for 30 mins  why is it so difficult?! don't bother.
good app. this app is great for on the go but still needs a few things to be fixed like when i mail the invoices or estimates to my customers they always have trouble recieving them..
. decent it's ok for adding expenses... but account balances are significantly lacking... i.e. non existent! must have!
poor quality. poor quality. inconsistent design. loads of bugs. none of the bank feed transaction reconciliationapproval features have worked for at least the last three app updates. expensive rubbish.
best app for my business!. i already have invoicesasap, now i have it's companion, quickbooks! love how they sync and work together to help me understand my finances!
accept button doesn’t work.. love the app however this latest update the accept button doesn’t seem to work so you can’t accept the new line items from your bank feed.
subscription errors. nothing but problems since january. i switched from the download to the app so i could do it at home and it's been nothing but problems, and not even the same ones!!! i have 2 companies, it's june, and i'm still trying to get this straightened out to input this years data.
great invoicing and management tool. awesome tool to keep your small business running at its best. highly automated, making it very easy to work with.
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
most impressive business app i've used in a long time. i use qb online everyday and usually there is some functionality degradation from desktop to mobile. i have yet to find any crippling loss of functionality with this app. if you love the new qb online this app goes hand in hand with your onthego accounting needs. highly recommended.
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
incompatible with ios 9. this app is great in ios 8 and even supports touch id. however, it does not work in ios 9 and needs an immediate update.
. awesome app
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
. i have seen personal budgeting apps that have better user experience than this. here just some of the glaring issues:  it forces you to relogin alot, and it does not support google signin, which means you have to retype a complex password every single time  you could use pin login from settings, but it is useless..  it forces pin code reentry everytime you use the camera or switch to another app.
. brilliant software
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
crashes since ios13. i can no longer open my quickbooks on my phone since the ios 13 update has been released.
quick and easy to use. so much quicker and easier to use then getting on the computer!
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
. great app once you get logged in. repeatedly returns to login screen after entering correct password when using google login.
nice interface, would like more features. works well for basic tasks. needs a few more features to be really helpful.
awesome. love this app... i'm about to do a lot of work from my phone.
. cannot log in don't have online subscription
. great app! let's me keep up with my business on the fly!
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
. the app sucks really bad, it's full of continuous bugs and it is unstable, every time you try to add attachments to expenses the app freezes does not save and shut down, find another solution because it's sad.
amazing app. amazing app it's really easy to use.
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
app says i don’t have an account. the desktop app and now the ios app don’t work. and accessing quickbooks online from the ios browser is a poor experience. from reading other reviews, this seems to be a known issue that has no resolution to date.
very good for business!. quickbooks is a great app for managing the everyday finances for my business that i just start. no matter what is a small business, this is the right one.
not very user friendly.. not very user friendly. have to open the app twice every time i use it. it says critical updates required log out and log in to refresh. every. single. time. i . open. the. app. i’ve tried deleting and reinstalling multiple times. when entering receipts it could have a search box at the top of vendor list do you don’t have to ask to search every time.
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
. good app and easy to use.
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
". downloaded the app to be able to view estimates and invoices from phone while i'm away from my computer and someone calls wanting to know ""how much did we have in this job or that job"" well, the app is prettt useless when you have hundreds of estimates out and you're trying to find a particular one , but there is no ""search"" tool to look for what you're trying to find."
great system. quickbooks online has made my life loads easier and less stressful many thanks
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
. cant log in. the google app version does not communicate with the regular qb site. it's not useful if i cant log in with the app on my phone.
small business? yes you need this. what a way to manage your small business specially if you're in the run send quote invoices and more
great but how do i renew?. it says i need to renew or pay? i hit ok and try to go to the spot i need to but don't see anything. smthis happened while trying to make someone a receipt in person.
useless. takes too long to add a simple expense.
qbo for iphone is amazing!!. i give it 5 stars and i love it. i have to say i am hoping they offer the ability to generate & email purchase orders from the app  then it will be complete!
i use it with all my clients!. having a business solutions & consulting biz for years there have been times i've lost notes or even lost billable time. having the ease of this program not only resolves that, but it also runs easily in multiple platforms including my preferred operating system utilizing a linux distribution.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. app crashes 2sec after being turned on on iphone7. restarted phone, no luck
excellent. i find this so easy to use and only use s small part of it. i can finish a job and invoice from the clients driveway using my phone!
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
tiene errores. en las últimas transacciones tiene errores no carga las últimas
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the phone app is all but useless.
. pretty simple
. connect to banking and reconcile in minutes. email invoices...so no snail mail.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
solid app. it works well. highly recommended to business owners.
do it if you can get it to work. i loved the mobil app but intuit doesn't support it any longer. they want you to do the $54.00month hosting instead. i called twice today to try to get this app working and they said it wasn't their app. if you can get this to sync with you qb software, go for it.
. update: no longer freezes but is now saving estimates and invoices multiple time and showing 70k extra in income from invoices and bank deposits which it's now not allowing us to match payments with invoices so our only current option is to delete all duplicate payments and have customers outstanding balances until this is fixed
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
can't enter bills. if i can't enter bills on the ipad version, the software is useless.
. goid app
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
an accountancy company that cant keep track of its accounts.. when it was time to subscribe intuit had a problem recognising the i tunes payment and could do nothing to resolve the problem , the told me the only solution was to pay them direct and start a new account thus losing all of my data in the process with no guarantee it won’t happen again , mr m ship was particularly useful in helping me to leave this poor service
. easier to send invoices via the app than it is on the computer. only flaw is i can't enter a negative number for discounts but that could just be my phone and not the app. overall i highly recommend it for anyone.
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
can't do much. you can't pay bills, enter bills, or do almost anything that i do on a daily basis on my computer. the app is nice looking but useless for anything i need to do besides check my balance.
q books. i love this app it's very useful
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
. keeps stopping mileage tracking, gives me message about battery optimisation....... now my phone is on 247 so unless the fairies are messing with my phone when i'm asleep there is a problem! getting answers from qb is nigh on impossible!
. sending invoices from my phone is super easy and i love it.
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
great app, easy to use. love being able to manage my business on the go. could use more features, but it's still a great app and quickbooks is always updating it. :)
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. 1.3.20 still hate it no ""billable button"". zero stars"
employees. just need a section where you can add employee start and finish times. which would be a huge help to keep track of hours on the fly
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
useless app. almost no features. not worth using.
easy to use. as a small business i find this to be a fabulous experience of accounting software integrated across all my various devices. i feel far more in control of my books than any other format or program i have used before. highly recommend this to any mobile business.
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
nothing works for me. nothing works for me with this app. if i login using desktop, qbo is ok but when i use the app, there is no information; no clients, no invoices, nothing. the subscription says i have a free trial until 2037. phone support was unsuccessful.
simple.. i'm a 30 yr old first time entrepreneur and small business owner. i wish i had paid a little bit more attention in that intro to accounting course in undergrad. but the beauty of qb is someone like me can get up to speed pretty quickly. what i love about intuit's products is they simplify your life, and qb makes keeping accurate and precise books very gratifying.
good for viewing, not for editing. can't seem to figure out how to allocate new transactions.
. try to subscribe to take cc payments got denied because of the service we sell. we are a sports league that take payments from teams and players. well gotta go with square i guess.
aes. great app, worth the investment
. good app, but it is expensive....
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. great app foe reciepts
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
waste of time. don't bother, it doesn't work and they could not care less!!!
no brainer. there is no other program i would use to run my business. mike dipietro  owner county view contracting
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
. seriously? this is the best you can do? ! so limited on basic functions. *updated review nice try quickbooks on the reply...no, your laughable update is ridiculous! not to mention the mobile device website lockout to access via mobile browser.... taking away another star for bad public relations. welcome to 1996 if you try to rely on this app for your 2014 business.
. great app easy to use
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
stopped working after the update. this was working great until the software update last week. now i end up creating multiple copies of invoices and estimates and the app just freezes on the saving screen. i can only finish off by logging in through a web browser and completing the task. please fix this fast intuit!
business solutions made simple. it's really great to have such an app to manage the business. the best part is linking the bank account with the quickbooks gives the brilliant touch of managing accounts easily. it's been more than 6 months since i started using. one suggestion is that if they could add the birthday remainders that would be great. recommended for start ups and pioneers.
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
quickbooks mobile. can’t print mobile.... on a mobile app. still writing invoices and entering them later 2x the work and the price keeps going up.
amazing app. i'm a pro advisor and i love qbo and it's app. if you need help working this application or quickbooks let me know. joeaguilar04@gmail.com
don grant mechanical services. commercial. residental ,heating airconditioning , refrigeration, makeup air systems, light plumbing, and electrical
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
. amazing app
emailing payment receipt. via the phone app when i email a payment receipt it opens my email app with texts as opposed to sending the pdf payment receipt as it use to do prior to the last 3 updates. this was confirmed by one of the staff from intuit.
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
. quickbooks makes my life so much easier for writing amd sending estimates and invoices. there are so many other things that quickbooks can do that im slowly learning. im writing so many estimates and getting so much work from easier estimate and invoice writing its really hard for me to get the time sit down amd learn everything else quickbooks has to offer.
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
. it used to be a great app. but they even do not allow me to login anymore.... i did change the password so many times and did uninstall and install the app. now, i need to go back to my old iphone or lapy for my bookkeeping:(
. still relatively new to quickbooks, but the more i use it the more i like it. the mobile app is proving to be a huge benefit!
love it, but. i love the app, but different devices have different functions. some things i have to do on the laptop. the internet version will crash and i have to reload it. not sure if its my internet connection or not. it is helping me get more organized and ready for 041516, ugh!
not working properly after update. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. why did you replace the pin with passcode? i don’t want to log into my iphone, ever. all i need secured is my qb app and the pin worked just fine for that. with this update i can login successfully once every 2030 attempts. intuit, test your updates before you release them!!!
. does the job on any operating system!
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
poor need lots of work. this app is terrible on the ios and android. i’m using it on both and it has tooo many bugs...
fantastic software !. this has made my life a whole lot easier. invoice and estimates on the go. i really feel in control of my accounts.
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
. never could get it to work, after months of paying and a call into quickbooks (who do not support the product if bought through the playstore or apple store), i gave up trying to use this software. $160 out the window with not a single useful action resulting from owning this product.
. so far i'm pretty happy with it. since i run a very small business i don't have a big budget for bookkeeping, but luckily, quickbook offers just about everything i need with very affordable subscription fee.
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
. not easy to work with and cost. can't recommend.
great app. i have numerous clients on this platform and it suits all forms and situations.
good start, but i need to enter time tickets on this app.. hopefully they add that feature soon.
opening an acct. loved the look of this app, unfortunately i could not open an acct as it would not accept or recognise my telephone number, either mobile or home, so not a good start. dumb app.
. great on the go app
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
. the app format doesn't reflect the desktop format menu  confusing for the user. also, the sales  invoice page is different to desktop, with not the same information when shown side by side. the app needs a bitbof work.
great app  not all features. great app. need to be able to cut purchase orders while on the road . . . not there yet.
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
dead in the water here.. i have been using qb on line for a while now. there is still a lot of bugs that will drive you out of your skin, and nobody gives a dam. today the app updated and now i can’t even get in. waisted my entire evening reseting my password and still nothing. i have had it with qb!
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
. having problems adding customers. works great beside that i can't add customers with the app. kind of bothersome but just have to go through the internet.
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
awesome app. simple, clean. just need the banking feed for the android in canada please!
. contractor version of the app
. hated it and when i tried to cancel it took them 20mins and had me on hold. i do not reccomend!
. so handy. like having an accountant in my back pocket.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. quickbooks online has been great, downloaded this app to make life quicker when not in the office. however, for expenses i have found it unusable as the same payment methods i am using online are not available on the app and therefore it messes up the consistency of my transactions. very disappointed as had high hopes, have yet to test the differences whilst invoicing.
best accounting app. easy to understand & learn
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
almost useless. the app is good for sending invoices only. don't expect to be able to do any other business on the app. the mobile site is about as good as healthcare.gov. you can look at some things but forget everything else. again good for sending invoices only. i expected more from a established company.
. slow app but super useful
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
crashes. the app just crashes as soon as it starts to load. don't waste your time downloading it.
. can do a lot quickly. like most apps doesn't allow you to do everything you can do on full site. great for adding invoices on the go.
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
rather use my local accountant and pay the £100 per annum. rather use my local accountant and pay the £100 per annum
. this app works good for me
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
great app. i love this app!!!
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
perfect for my accounting firm. love this app! it's perfect for my accounting firm to track our books and clients. i even like how it works with quickbooks online accountant. 5 stars for all.
. i am doing my husband's billing for his company, since it was taking so much of his time. since this not my 'real' job, this app makes it easy do billing and record payments from any device at any time. thank you!
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
great program!. very easy to use!
excellent app. i cannot tell you how much time i'm saving now. i wish i had changed to online years ago.
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
. excellent accunting app, gives you your business position throughout the day.
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
horrible service. this is the worst service.
i like it. i like it good app
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol.
. good package
. would be nice if the app would recognize the info on the receipt when you take a pic of it
"wont work. app keeps telling me ""can't connect to server"""
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
. it keeps saying check back in a few hours when i attempt to look at my bank transactions. very glitchy
excellent app. helpful reports and nice review of recent transactions to make sure operations are in tact.
broken update. your update broke the app.
not reliable. is not reliable. not a replacement for desktop app or web based qb online. different icons, different navigation, missing tools reports and features. data does not reliably import into app from accounts.
. very good app
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
need to see register. touch enabled but still wants me to login with password. disappointed.
this has helped me have a life. without this software i would be buried in paperwork . it helps me stay organized. i have been using one version or another since 2003. thank you
love it, but. i love the app, but different devices have different functions. some things i have to do on the laptop. the internet version will crash and i have to reload it. not sure if its my internet connection or not. it is helping me get more organized and ready for 041516, ugh!
. doesn't have any of the essential functions.
brilliant, simple and seamless. i've been a big fan of qb for the past 10 years or more...and now that the system is online and in app format...it's all so easy and user friendly...very intuitive. you have to have this.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
. great app help me so much with my company
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
". wow, fell for it again. still listed as free, yet is payware. my bad. free download does not make it free. older version: not free as advertised. 30 day cinderella ware. fine, but they should clearly state that. i was impressed until after setup they informed me. my bad; l should know better. their advertising says it's good tho. uninstalled b4 review. ""while it isnt free"" it said it was free."
chris. love it!! great setup! easy. just love it!!
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
. nao consegui nem finalizar o login ele simplesmente não entra.
. great app! i use this to manage my small business information.
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
easy!!!. quickbooks makes running your own business easy! user friendly!
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
poorest customer service i’ve ever experienced. wow quickbooks has done it again making key changes without customer notification changes leave me hanging with no ability to do business then phone calls to customer service are long waits. must be effecting a whole lot of customers just a simple email or cs agent phone call might help. but the changes for worse again. seriously poorest service ever!!
love this app!. very easy and simple to use. i can instantly add details from job to job and also great for keeping track of what's going on in my company. thanks jdm auto detailing
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
half way. all i really want is something i can scan in my receipts with. they say they have this feature but they don’t. even the free wave accounting app has this feature and now i’m left wondering what the point of paying for this service is with an alternative such as wave.. not looking like i’ll be bothering to continue after this free trial if they can’t compete with a free alternative otherwise quite functional.
. great app
not bad. pretty nice app. went from desktop manufacturing to quickbooks online. i like having access to my books while at craft fairs and being able to use different devices. still needs some work  it's been weeks and my gopayment account is still not linked and now find out the online doesn't acceptrecognize the chip reader. square app is more robust and may use that instead. also would be helpful to have a mileage tracker.
. having a horrible time with quick books. everytime i try to start the free trial just to check efficiency of the app so that i can go purchase it. but as soon as i go to enter the company name the app hangs and closes off.
i love this app. this is the easiest to use and simplest way to use it.
. good app, but please can you add mode of payment to sale receipts and receive payment. anytime i do sale receipt on the app, it post the cash directly to undeposited fund account i created instead of bank account of cash and cash equivalent that i created... please help us fix this pls
. can't connect my bank account. please fix this error. i have to manually put my expenses in the app because when i try connecting my bank account i always get a pop up saying an error occurred.
quick books. quickbooks makes quick work of billing customers , writing estimates , and helping run a business.
. really slow compared to desktop
can't invoice to job address. no good
. it takes a working knowledge of what this app is capable of doing to fully grasp how useful it is. i am learning more every time i use it.
no too bad. this app for the self employed version is pretty good. using the ipad is less so, mainly because it will not rotate into landscape view and the appearance of the interface is slightly blurry  not sharp like other apple apps. the features though, on the whole are pretty good.
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
top notch. this app works great, easy to use after i played around with it for a bit. very convenient and quick to use.
bitch ur fucked. all over culiacan and the net
. best accounting software! worst customer service ever!!!! hold times are hours & when you finally get a person, which is a miracle, they get offended if your upset & will hang up on you!they do not want to help you, just keep you trapped in their maze paying that monthly (rediculous) price! all they want is your money! & will hold your important business info & data entered as ransome. *horrible business practice*
problem fixed!. app works great!
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
quickbooks. really hard to get online started i'll write another review when i get it started
. this is a very user friendly app. i can modify and create estimatesinvoices on the fly! good work intuit!
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
cancelar assinatura. fiz uma pergunta sobre cancelar assinatura e responderam algo na com nada. será que vocês podem responder como cancelo a assinatura, pois não utilizarei o app? aguardo um retorno obrigado
awesome app. easy to use and very convenient
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
poor. if you write a review and the nickname is taken you have to start all over again. app is very limited and web version has problems with ipad pro
great. works great, love the app
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
don’t use this with an ipad.. bought this app and was unable to get it to work with an ipad. 4 hours on the phone with this company and still no success. they charged me and told me to get my money back through apple. there is an open known problem being worked on their end but user’s beware. you won’t find out until you’ve paid.
good app. does all the basics and then some
do it if you can get it to work. i loved the mobil app but intuit doesn't support it any longer. they want you to do the $54.00month hosting instead. i called twice today to try to get this app working and they said it wasn't their app. if you can get this to sync with you qb software, go for it.
it's not signing in. it says error all the time... pls help me on this
quick books. your small business fiance organization and report app.do all your small business tasks from here.
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
this product is fantastic!. i will be recommending this to all of my customers. it's simple, easy to use & fast to set up. in fact it may feel like you've missed something it's that simple! intuit have put together a great product for the australian market.
unusable. doesn’t connect to my account.. every time i try to login it says there is no company associated with my account. it works fine through a mobile browser or desktop browser. the app is completely unusable, how convenient. tech support says there is a glitch...you don’t say.
. can't create an account. fails every time. can't update due to server failure. no support available either.
nice app!. suits my needs...
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
has potential but still glitches. good functionality but i keep getting an error that an item is no longer valid and that i must refresh my data in settings. but there is no refresh option in settings.
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
so far. i like the app, the only problem is i can't add my income i can't figure out how on my android please help, so i can give it 5 stars
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
failed to run. i installed the program and as soon as i attempted to begin using it, the program crashes and will now not open at all.
another year and totally happy!. everything i need to invoice and stay on top of calls is on my phone. update a year later still going strong. no issues or problems so far.
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
not trustworthy. quickbooks has some issues with taking multiple accounts under the same email. i can not access my account because my email was used to open a second trial and i can not access my data any longer. choose better accounting software, overall. this app has no visible way to logout or troubleshoot.
. easy to navigate very helpful
just fine for a small business. if you are looking to get up and running quickly, then this will do just fine. the subscription is a little on the high side compared to sage's offering, but sage is a lot more difficult to use.
stupid app. and never works right nightmare to login
one in all. i can run my business with great confidence because of this application available of quickbooks online. one my favorite functions is the capability of producing estimates, and invoices immediately. that function pleases a majority of my professional field clients.
a solid program. i like the idea of this application being online because many of my accounts can be updated asap.
cannot download all data since last update. since enabling touched, after the last update, i keep getting notified all my data cannot be downloaded
. great accounting app
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
. you have to use the website to update banking transactions. the website sometimes takes days to update them also, sometimes it's virtually instant, but sometimes it takes days. it's annoying to have to use a website every time you use an app.
fantastic accounting app. i love that this allows me the freedom to work and to monitor my accountant's progress on the go. it's extremely user friendly and easy to use. many features save tons of time on simple book keeping tasks. smashes traditional softwares like ubs and myob into the dust!
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
crashes. app crashes every time i'm using a lg g5 emailed support for help 3 weeks ago no response.sent response never heard back.
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
. i have already paid for this software and it would be great if this came free as it does with my security and vendors software. it is not worth $9.99 a month when i still have issues with it.
. loved it, but acting up again. when i add something to an invoice (on s8) then hit done, the refreshed invoice lines are all out of order and duplicated. uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it. not working on tablet either. please fix asap.
. makes my life super easy. i cans end invoices on the go, receive payments as i open my mail, super easy!
works great. i live how i can edit and emails invoices on the go. as well as having all my credit card processing all tied in. so customers can pay invoiced from the actual invoice and not have to include other services.
invoices and estimates design. the design and layout of the invoices and estimates templates are outdated. seems like a small thing, but it reflects poorly on a business’ brand, and it is so easily fixed on your end. hire a professional designer and give clients a template that says quickbooks cares about our brand too.
great app. helps me stay on top of my business while away from the office and quickly send and receive invoices. love this app!
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
excellent. first class app don't know how i managed without it!
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
stops unexpectedly. i can never really depend on this app because it shuts down unexpectedly. i can't really get anything done on the mobile app.
i like it. i'm breezing through invoices. for some reason i feel like i can enter invoices faster on my phone than on my computer.
no good color and texture of sreen. it hard to seen no c olor in photos
improving but still a long way to go. like the new dashboard, but need ability to set ytd totals, more report options, does not show all my bank accounts. needs to be more customizable. app does not replace the website version, which is still needed to do any real work. best feature is the easy way it handles the bank feeds.
makes my life easier!. keep it up
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
"complete shit. developers can't seem to get it right.. going from version to version will cause problems logging in. might as well not offer as a mobile app, ""on the go"" my ass. i was told ""we're working on"" (for the past 6 times i inquired) then the last time ""too bad, use the web site for now""."
good app. some glitches need to be worked out but very nice app to use and very user friendly.
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
. ok for a mobile app
. the software is easy to get started with. however, matters such as how to generate p45, p60, issuing dividends, needs improvement.
does not do simple qb tasks. this app does not have all the functions as the computer online version. i can't run simple reports and the payroll app which is separate does not allow me to make changes to the employee information. doesn't function like you need it to and it put me in a bind when i went out of town with just my ipad. i would not even give it one star. worthless.
. ease of use. ability to send professional estimatesinvoices from anywhere. the ability to load price list makes creating estimates and invoices easy.
great that it exists, now it needs to be great. it's so awesome to be able to manage my business from my phone. but. that's not the same as the app itself being so awesome. it's frustrating to use at times and could benefit from some thorough ux work.
. very unreliable. get frequent errors trying to edit expenses. ui is clunky and errors all over the place. i don't trust the numbers on the expenses either. actually, the expenses are completely wrong. literally doubled versus the website. what a joke.
great app for every business. i have only played with this app a little to see what it can do, it is a great app for any service business, it automaticly updates all the records when you make a sell or a purchase. perfect if you are bad about keeping up with paperwork, this app will help u do it all as you go.
improvements need to be in desktop version too. happy to have amount remaining automatically calculated in expense entries when splitting items between multiple categories! the online desktop version used to have this feature as well but went way with a recent upgrade, add it back please
refresh invoice?!?. trying to add new items to existing invoice with partial payment received and won't let me save changes! refresh invoice means what, exactly? without this function why do i need my subscription? made office work harder as now must go submit through pc and pray that works...
. helpful and useful
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
great. always easy and concise. great to do my invoices on the road!!
demoted from 5 stars to 4. using the app on ipad and iphone for more than 5 years. dashboard has been unable to properly show invoice status for at least 3 months now. version 17.9, at least 3 updates ago? no fix yet nor response from intuit after feedback. while i’m not fond of frequent updates, one expects to have these kinds of obvious bugs fixed in the next update.
. continues to make me turn phone off and on or delete app it does not work.
my favorite app. this app is like a cup of coffee in the morning for my business. since i started using it i can't live without it. love it!!
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
crashes. it crashes upon opening on iphone 4s now
pace trailer repair. qbo
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
terrible. what’s the point of this app, can’t even search employees. rubbish
. great app. links with square pay pos. allows me to keep an eye in real time and also makes liaising with my accountant seamless. great value for money and highly recommended.
. i like the software however it is still a bit confusing. i will need to spend more time training
app does not support multicurrency. it’s 2018. apps have been around for quite a while now. if your qbo account has multiple currencies enabled, you can’t use this app for banking. seriously, wtf?
. great app to perform some business tasks on mobile
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
so many glitches. this program glitches at least once a month. today it is telling me we don't have an account. so frustrating. it's great when it works, but it should always work.
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks
". we really like quickbooks online. it works nice but, the android phone and apple ipad apps still need some work. while functional in some things, overall app needs improved. we still use it, only when absolutely necessary, not a go to thing. my rating will change to 10 stars when  ""if"" they update these apps. but qb in general, love it!"
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
. quickbooks has made it much easier to run my small business and create invoices on the go!
. is a great app to have downside is it tends to not load half the time. i have uninstalled and reinstalled and it continues to have an issue with loading.
won’t interface to bank any more. after several months since my bank kicked qb out of accessing my bank account for reconciling, the problem still remains. accessing my bank account and reconciling all transactions over my iphone was my number one reason to use qb. still disappointed. i have to pay a bookkeeper to do my books with qb now. why can xero have bank access but qb can’t sort itself out after several months !
. good app. always improving.
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
as large a company as intuit is, where's the support?. i can't imagine that as large of a company as intuitquickbooks is that they can't fix these constant issues with this app. it's been working ok until this last update. i have to physically go to the help section and hit the refresh button for sales receipts to show received after i enter them. and as everyone else has pointed out, touchid is no longer working.
great program. great program for businesses. great for on the go!
. usefull and effective. it needs improvement in its mobile features. creating delivery challan and entering gst details while adding new customers isn't available currently. hope to see this feature soon in the app
not useful at all. this was a waste of time. i need to be able to reconcile and do more than look at my recent transactions. quick books is useless unless you're on a computer.
. great accounting software....would give a five if it would include job costing
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain.
. mobile app runs faster than desktop app. easy to use.
unusable. doesn’t connect to my account.. every time i try to login it says there is no company associated with my account. it works fine through a mobile browser or desktop browser. the app is completely unusable, how convenient. tech support says there is a glitch...you don’t say.
. almost 2 weeks now the app has not been working. the dashboard is just totally blank. im having to take a toptop to work and tether off my phone.
. great app i pretty much run my company from my phone.
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
poor experience. the app is extremely buggy, unstable, and very slow. logging into the app is unpredictable and i'm randomly logged out. entering receipts is quite painful to say the least, and is impossible without a decent internet connection.
. i'm getting to grow my business with this app
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
quickbooks. quickbooks has been absolutely amazing overall. main issue is customer service and their ability to provide customer support for the app. i was required to ph 3 different numbers, one being out of service. once i finally spoke to csr he was extremely friendly but did state they haven’t been provided proper training to assist with app related issues but would do his best to help. i would upgrade to 4 or 5 stars if they provide a user friendly option for support.
"finally. my clients can take pictures of their cash receipts and upload so i don't have to worry about an audit. i'm a qbo certified user so ""i"" know how to use it, but it's friendly enough that they can too. thanks."
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
too many error messages. for what you pay for a quickbooks online account, this app for ipad and iphone is really disappointing. i get an error message almost every single time i try and enter a new transaction. sometimes it works despite the error message, sometimes it doesn't. but i get the error every time. i can't even access the banking functions as i get an error message and nothing will load. the only function that seems to work properly is the reports section.
good software. this software is very awesome. i work for the company but also use it for my own personal budgeting and it is extremely helpful but there are still a lot of bugs that need to be worked out with this app so that all the information updates correctly.
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
unable to log in. i have used quickbooks at office and decided to get it for my self but after downloading app it keeps giving me an error when i try to log in to the app. very unfortunate...i really like quickbooks
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
. i don't like to forcefully create account first. without using application how can i create account. other apps like this type providing use without login so why you requires login first???
. fantastic app to keep track of all my construction expenses, so much simpler being able to log expenses straight from phone.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
. you did an update on friday afternoon while i need to use the program. now i can't access the program because i need to do an update that o cant do because of a glitch in the update
. so far easy to navigate and set up still learning the system cool so far
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
the bad stories are all true. i echo all the bad reviews you’ve seen.
good app. it does ok in a pinch. certainly easier to search transactions on a computer.
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
. absolutely awful and useless in every single way. beyond awful and useless. everything is hard to do. everything takes forever to get done. it always crashes and has constant glitches.
. works as expected very happy just through the app you can not attach pdf documents to the invoices at this time which i wish it could .
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
better for bigger companies. using for 18 months and i like it but won't even give me basic pos things like total quantity unless i upgrade to $40 per month. who in god's name can afford that? not easy to do bigger orders either, i have to write them down 1st then go back to computer at office! not cool!
love the qbo. mobile expense posting is cool
for phone. could be easier to use if it was more like the pc edition
. takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo
excellent program. i have tried office and unless you no the formulas it doesn’t work. absolutely love how easy this is!
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
excellent. the app is a great supplement to the online version when i'm on the road. i easily make customer invoices, add expenses that i have purchased. nothing is lost or forgotten. great way to keep everything up to date
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
class reporting is needed badly for the app. without class reporting this app doesn't provide a lot of use for someone with multiple locations.
. does what i'm looking for.
mileage tracking not working. the app works well except for mileage tracking
sucks. i've been customer for 10 years and up and out of the blue ask me to verify my account and every time i called no one was able to help after 4 tries. finally, after 1 and 12 months finally got fixed.
. the online version and mobile app helps me stay uptodate vs. the desktop version i previously used. i love it!
liked it until it stopped working.... it suddenly no longer connects. called quickbooks and they said they don't support the mobile app .... update..contacted developer listed in some of reviews and he got it working...
. your mobile app crashed since 2508. unable to launch until today. app is still not working perfectly. unable to edit details especially product and service. keep suggesting to contact support but app complete freeze when i tapped on support.
user friendly. quickbooks has saved me so much time and stress! i have a small business and tried excel and failed miserably. but when i switched to quickbooks it took me no time to figure out it could do everything i needed and more! also the customer service is wonderful, anytime i have called for help because i'm terrible at technology they walk me through step by step without making me feel stupid. i'm so happy i switched to quickbooks!!!
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
. not free. when it's 'free trial' it's free trial, not free. uninstalled $8 monthly? seriously? :)
. some things are difficult to use and set up but all in all a good app.
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
mr dak kanani. very good app
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
angela. i had quick books in the past when i ran a shoe store and it was wonderful. my problem today is i'm starting a night club and the app has been installing for an hour with no response could you please assist me i'm down loading it on my android phone. it's very important that i hear from you because this system was wonderful.
. fast and efficient. but some delays from computer to app.
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
useless  data download errors. the app worked great for the past couple years and now all the sudden it keeps crashing when trying to download my data. i own a mobile business and now i'm having to preplan and print invoices before i show up because the app is useless.
now 5 stars. love it! have to have it! it made my life so much easier.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus! i only wish this app would allow me to process ach and credit card payments on the fly!
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
never ending price increases. standard tech bait and switch. used it for a number of years but the price just went up to far. they get you with a low initial rate and hook you once all you data is with them.
excellent. quickbooks online has created a whole new dimension to bookkeeping and accounting for small business. the ipad app is very useful for an overview of transactions
crashing. updated to ios 13 and now the app keeps crashing after face id, please get this sorted as i can’t run my business
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
. great app for small businesses...needs some improvements in some areas
as a cpa, i think qboa is by far the best of the big three. it's better organised then myob and xero and accepts wpns which neither xero or myob will. the fact that it's half their price makes it an absolute winner
mileage tracking horrible. the mileage tracking is an absolute nightmare. stop trying to use my current locating and let me actual choose the locations i have saved. so, frustrating when your trying to bounce from job to job.
love it. makes it easy to keep tracking of eveything. as a business owner, operator it gets hard to sit down in front of a computer, with this i can do my invoices on the go!
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
5 star. with expense tracking. this is now awesome
very convenient. nice format for creating estimates and invoicing. although, it is frustrating having the keyboard cover the un scrollable typing field on note 4. you must continuously press the back button to view the text.................i just realized i'm having the same issue typing this review. could be the note 4. hmmmmm
have to improve in customer support. an ok app for small business.. but horrible customer service.. first starters, you have to call them only during pacific time hours..? so i’m in delaware, which means, if i want to reach them i have to wait to get a live rep. then, their wait time is terrible.. 30+ minutes. ??? so one star for now.. once you guys improve in this area, i’ll be glad to recommend and change rating...
. great app, simple to use, alot of resources.
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
waste of resources. so you have just put out an update saying how exciting that you have changed the layout and fonts... big whoop!! how about getting the program right first. as in the features that the web version do. bundled items can’t be seen or edited in the app you have to log into the web interface. etc etc. posting a premium rate per month yet you can’t add basic features. priority people!! oh wow a new font .... pfffft! :(
. makes estimates on the fly great!
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
app keeps crashing. even when i try to leave feedback the app crashes. no issues on desktop.
. love this app. making work so much easier. & reminds me of what needs paying & when someone hasn't paid. making the company alot more up to date & finally in the 21st century!
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
. worst billing app i ever had.. they give false promises before subscribtion. once the customer transfered money. no body will respond for our problems
. great app once you get use to it. very handy business tool. changed my review from 2 stars to 5 stars!
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
not pleased. for one i still can't redownload the app after i accidentally deleted it. it's been months. i hit the cloud button and it does nothing. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
easy to use. overall i like this. having a quick option while on the go is great.
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
. qbo is great... however, the app sucks! the info on the home page is rarely if ever correct. paid invoices show as still do, p&l info is incorrect compared to what it shows on the website. now i can't edit downloaded transaction to add an image of my receipts. plus, it's no longer showing all of my accounts when i go to categorize a transaction. what the heck happened?!
very useful app. i only wish it was just a bit more robust, like the software.
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go and how it syncs with quickbooks online.
easy iphone app. i like it, it’s easy enough to navigate on my iphone. you cannot do everything that you can do on the computer but it takes care of most business.
mobile app. not happy. i am on the phone with support everyday. won't print on app or on chrome. they don't know what to do. this mobile is worthless to me. i don't have time for this!
the speedy man, owner. i run my business on quickbook online for a year, and i never had any issues. i suggest, to new subscribers, getting familiar with the desktop version and having a basic accounting background , we can perform a ton of tasks on it. afterwards, we can start using the mobile app.
. good app, but it is expensive....
. after installing and recovering my account details this app offers me some trial? should be stated somewhere beforehand.
. the app is fantastic everything works well little exhausting to set accounts and banking but once everything is done and working it's very efficient and my customers can get their invoices very quickly plus in my electrical construction business.
great app!. very useful, but i think it still needs some work. very limited, need to offer more functions.
. really. trying to do work here and you are forcing an update. no time for this bs
. i had an inapp issue and received help immediately. i love this app and really appreciate you guys. you make my life a lot easier, 💯💯
. best feature, snap a pic of receipts, log em immediately, drop the actual receipt in a shoebox, & forget about it!!! you can see if anyone paid instantly on your phone, send an invoice change, i mean its the fastest accounting i've ever done in 20yrs!
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved. please note i have tried multiple phones and it is near impossible on mobile browser. trying to keep keyboard up is a nightmare.
good resource. i will update this as i see necessary, haven't made a customer service call yet. but overall the navigation is something to get used to because it's very in depth and many details that you would expect are included with the software.
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
. sporadically unable to log in. app now says that the internet connection is offline which is nonsense. for a paid subscription app this has way too many issues. not good and definitely not recommended. there are better invoicing apps for less money readily available.
looks great!!!. keep the updates coming! great job of being quick to update the app and user interface and continuing to add great features!
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
. the app works good.....when it works. but it freezes often......and when theres a technical issue it takes 45 days for them to resolve the issue. wasnt what i expected at all from quickbooks.
. best app for doing business on the go! best customer service by far!
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
editing invoices on the go!. i love it! when life is such a bustle and you need to create an estimate or invoice for customers, quickbooks makes it easy to do.
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
. great app very useful
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
. half the time it won't email out an estimateinvoice. owning a business, this should be resolved.
small bussines tool. perfect! for on people with small businesses that are on the go. this app makes my life easier! i totally wish it was cheaper!
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
phone number. i like the app. i can use it for my business plan. but when im entering my phone number to create my account, it says invalid. please fix. country: philippines
quick and easy. cool app if you have quickbooks already.
. billing the customer at the job sites
poor functionality. constant crashes inability to complete selected tasks poor functionality this app try’s hard but doesn’t quiet make it with its functions. it didn’t at all shot me but that’s what the 3 day free trial is for. i wasn’t going to rate this app but after they charged me $10.50 for a 1 month subscription after i cancelled and deleted the app; i will rate it
. the app is super easy to use and understand.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
". you broke the app!!! can't attach pdfs to invoices anymore!!! it litteraly worked yesterday, and today a ""new"" interface. make a deal with adobe and fix it now!!! update no your solution doesn't help. i already new i could do this on the desktop version. app is still broken and your proposed solution is just as useless as you have rendered your app. fix it"
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
. both the desktop and the mobile app are unstable. if i decide to stay with quickbooks and that's a big 'if' i will return to the regular desktop version. the gui sucks and is not intuitive in any way and the help section is inadequate .
. great app. very convenient.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
. great app very useful
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
pos for the online version. very unhappy because after 5 years they still don’t have a pos system for the online version.
excellent for businesses in the go!. quickbooks is easy to use and the app allows me to create transactions, view balances and customer information wherever i am. i also love that i can take a photo of a receipt and categorize it on the go.
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
horrible. it’s true the only reason i will install qb on my phone is to record expense on the fly,and it doesn’t do it
business made better. this has been a great experience. it has made billing especially easer and i'm getting paid sooner. two thumbs up. great tech support!!
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
could not login. couldn't login. just unistalled. seems they haven't fixed this issue yet.
great product. we are a small operation just starting out and quickbook has been perfect for us. does what's on the box and a whole lot more! the connectivity with the bank is terrific.
quickbooks. it's an alright app. can be too difficult. but there aren't many other options.
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
love this app!!!. it's come a long ways in being user friendly. i do wish you could have the access and control you have from your desktop to at least review your reports. see your registers.
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. 1. kicking out of the app very often. 2. not able to email multiple invoices at one time. 3. limited search capabilities. cant search notes and description. :(
very user easy. this app is great. very user friendly!
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
works but needs work. for the most part the product works, but has many errors and sometimes says there are errors but they are never fixed, i run the lasted ios on an iphone 6 and still have many problems
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
useless. paid for the app a few days ago never used it and now they are saying i can't get my money back! maybe if i had had it for half a month then i could understand but not just a few days!!! i never had a user id because i never used or even opened the app!!!
. works great but would like the inventory to link with square to make it even better.
not bad. pretty nice app. went from desktop manufacturing to quickbooks online. i like having access to my books while at craft fairs and being able to use different devices. still needs some work  it's been weeks and my gopayment account is still not linked and now find out the online doesn't acceptrecognize the chip reader. square app is more robust and may use that instead. also would be helpful to have a mileage tracker.
good but............... this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
easy to use. makes life easy for tracking all business expenses and payments
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
"mostly useful. i like having access to my business via my smartphone, however not all features are available (reports) and some calculations don't seem to work properly. after adding payment for clients, the invoices entered afterward are not automatically attached to said payment  even though the overall balance on the account is recalculated. the invoices sit and show as ""unpaid"" even though the account balance is at zero."
excellent program. i am so impressed with this new app, it is very easy to use and very helpful for my construction business. i don't even have to go to the office to make an invoice i can do it right in my truck on my phone and send it. i can check on expenses... it's a breeze and worth the time to get to know this app and online program.
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
. slow, buggy, and unresponsive. tried changing the time horizon for a p&l report; nothing happened. that's just one example of many of how wonky this app is. intuit developers should be ashamed of this turkey.
easy and efficient!. the app serves perfectly to capture transactions on the go, snap a pic and enter amount and accounts then review later if needed on a computer. simple, some people expect this to be fully functional for some reason; if you need a fully functional program then you really should have the appropriate expenses towards computers and software anyways. this app makes the book keeping process easy as cake for clients and the accountant.
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
. i'm trying to reset my password from past 1 week but can't as i'm unable to access my registered phone. i have access to email address but still it's asking for otp sent to phone number. bad customer service.... their is no option to contact customer service no phone number no email. my companies while accounts is their.
. very user friendly, works great on my samsung neo and desktop. highly recommended
. expenses can be duplicated if the save button is pressed more than one time.
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
convenient. qbo is very convenient for checking biz summary on the go. especially if you are traveling and client asking for some info. invoicing is pretty easy too.
. found a better app for my needs
buyer beware crash instantly on iphone 6. this app works sometimes but it will instantly crash and doesn't operate properly on my iphone 6 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work properly. why don't you guys fix this? also, it annoyingly downloads company info every time you open it which takes what seems like hours. i have a very small landscape business. should this be the case? come on intuit! get your act together
good so far. it seems good so far, will update later when i actually have time to form an opinion. it keeps begging for a review so here..
we are using this with the construction side of our business and so far the customer service has been wonderful. there are things missing or not working but customer service had said they are working on getting them added or fixed. makes it really easy for our employees in the field to create invoices and send them to clients as well as receive payments. will change to five stars when missing components are added.
. frustrating. slow. pretty much only to be used for creating invoices and receiving payments. maybe reports. wanted something that functioned just like the online version but for my mobile. wanted to catch up on work at opportune moments without having to get the laptop out. would not recommend. client hates it.
. amazing been using it for 5 years now. makes doing taxes a lot easier!
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
. great app, similar to desktop version.
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
missing features. missing bills (that you print cheques and pay later). missing payroll. this would be fine except they're raising the price on everyone in a few months.
convenient, convenient, convenient!. as a small contractor always on the go this app is great with easy access to all my info. only downfall is lack of progress billing from an invoice, but i have found a work around.
. billing the customer at the job sites
qbo rocks, mobile app is lacking. in the day of mobility, this app lacks key capability around reporting and navigation.
amazing for bussiness. this app is the best thing a small bussiness owner can have two thumbs up and five stars
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
. great app. no problems
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
awful. it worked on my casio commando for a year and was great for mobile invoicing and keeping track of who owed what. then i had to uninstall and reinstall and it to try and correct problem with one customer that was showing different balance on phone then pc. it hasn't worked since. i can't log on. it looks like an updated version that doesn't work with my phone. i've sent multiple error logs. waiting for help.
. fantastic app for keeping my expenses up to date on the go and much more!
. i use it for invoicing for a security and surveillance company and it does not give me any problems.
"disappointing. if you also make ""mint"", why make your subscription service app so much worse? mint is great. this app is not."
. love it. makes my life so much simpler. i own a dj company and for billing and keeping track of my expenses it works great! plus client service is a+
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. super slow load time and sms verification not working. it's a joke.
great accounting app. very happy with my quickbooks app.
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
app doesn’t work on ios 11. don’t waist time
. great app i recommend to anyone and every one. thanks
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
. i have had this app on my phone for years. i tried opening it and i was told to update the app. so i did. now it will not open. it just keeps telling me to update. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it still does not work. my business is important and this makes me very mad
great program. i find myself keeping better records. very user friendly. great program
great for cell phone however.... i originally gave five stars however the app doesn't work with tablets that don't have a wireless carrier. so though i am on wifi it won't download regardless of the os meeting and exceeding the requirements. aside from that great app when used with my cell
extremely slow. painfully slow on both my mobile device and macbook. also, i have to refresh the app over and over to see the latest data. that wasn’t the case before. when i opened the app, it used to show the new data.
. another app failed to provide the timely support i needed. i have used quickbooks before and i am sure i will have a great experience!
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
crash. latest update causes app to crash on loading.
. best app for business.
needs work. i love the functionality of it but i wish it would integrate paypal for the option on invoicing. my customers all use paypal & im double sending because there is not a paypal button on this invoice program!
the app have few bugs & the customer support sounds like they not familiar with their products. when you create a new customer and saving it and then you need to change some information in the contact it still shows the previous info contacted customer support few times and they are useless
qbo app. great to know i can do invoices etc on the go.
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
excellent new user interface. i waited quite a while to switch to the new user interface for quickbooks, because i usually find that such updates change without really improving. but i was pleasantly surprised. tasks are much easier with the new interface and the android app is much improved. excellent job!
. connect to banking and reconcile in minutes. email invoices...so no snail mail.
. app does not sync automatically.
superbly designed. having used two competitors' products before, i've been very pleasantly surprised with quickbooks. it's really easy to use but, at the same time, it has lots of really helpful features. the app is well designed but my only gripe is that i am sometimes unable to login. the problem usually corrects itself after a while, but it's a bit annoying when i need it at the time. nevertheless, the product is so good that this doesn't even bother me much.
. i am downloading this app but downloading is very slow. happening only with this app.
. app refuses login on my phone. pixel 2
. i love the app for onsite estimating and invoicing where ever. a few issues is not fully customizing forms and progress invoicing.
. it is a great app but there are some days like today when i cannot open the app on my phone and keep saying i should restart it. i really needed to send some invoices today but i couldn't.
meh. dislike so many things about the app and online version. i would really like the ability to browse through invoices for ex. look at invoice #1 click next to see #2 and next to see #3 and the. be able to reverse this. unfortunaly this can't be done and one has to search specifically for an invoice by number.
owner. love this app work great.
missing functionality  registers updated. the app itself is pretty clean and easy to use. however it is missing some important functionality, namely registers. there is no access to your bank or credit card registers, or to check their respective balances... for a financial application, this is a major missing piece. here's hoping this will be added soon. update: this has been fixed. now waiting for making deposits...
don't do it. can't bill a portion of a estimate have to bill it all at once! it will not let you see your job costs per estimate! this is a huge deal i can't believe they haven't fixed this yet. come on qb add another freaken column already! tones of other stuff on the accounting side that i don't know about is missing as well!
recommended. fantastic app, very handy and easy to use
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
service after the sale is nonexistant!. i’ve been trying to get incorrect billing corrected for almost a month now. customer service directs me to my sales rep and the sales rep no longer responds to emails from me or his coworkers in customer service. try waveapps...it seems to be comparable to the simple start plan and it’s free!
good program. as a small business quickbooks online works great for me. being able to access all of my business information from all my devices is awesome!
. worthless program. i am a quickbooks pro advisor and user for 20 years. this just does not work well and there are better applications out there.
. just unistalled and reinstalled the app hopefully it is going to work. after doing over 70 invoices it stopped working dashboard showed blank 😕
business owner must have. great app to work on the go. create, modify and email invoices. keep track of anything financial on your handheld device. fully automated office on the go for the busy self employed entrepreneur.
employee. love quickbooks but really want to incorporate it into my service vehicles please make a employee version
not suitable. i was hoping to be able to manage qb from my ipad as if i had access to my qbo accountant tools. sadly not. back to the laptop to actually get my work done.
amazing. so simple to use makes my life a lot easier as everything can be done literally within minutes
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
. i am unable to see invoices dated back more than a few months. it is also hard to search by name.
quick easy to use.. always there at my fingertips. love it ..use it....my business is now updated and current. .!!!! couldn't live without it.
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
. the app is ok but it is super buggy
perfect for my small business. i am a wedding photographer and quickbooks online is the best way for me to keep track of my expensesrentals and write up a quick invoice or estimate while i am on the road. i absolutely love how user friendly it is. as long as i have my smart phone i can work from anywhere.
. good app, but it is expensive....
pretty lame. seriously? the thing crashes a lot , but i can deal with that. the real problem for me is the lack of calendar in the invoice line item. i would love to use this, but if i can't put the date that i provided a service in my invoice, the it is useless to me. too bad safari doesn't work either, or i would just use that.
. excellent love this app.
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
how bad????. i would love to write a review, but as i've been trying to get this app to log in to my online account for 5 months now it's going to be a little difficult. but not as difficult as trying to get any customer support for this app. i could write a whole book on how impossible that is. so so disappointed. no help with this problem what so ever. frustrated!!!!!
. very useful when you can't make it into the office
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
. keeps crashing when entering receipts. it's infuriating. updated review 6 months later still crashes when splitting an expense. tried deleting the cache. it's useless.
love qb online. most time saving, userfriendly, awesome, efficient app ever!!!!
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
great app. there is no other app like it. this is probably one of the easiest apps to use and it is very userfriendly. i use it for my business and i have instant access on my iphone. you can send invoices on a moments notice.
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
could be better!. need reoccurring billing, invoices need to be more clear after multiple invoices have been sent. it would b a great idea to have some agreement templates.
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
to much money. i went on to the app and it says 35 dollars and i think it is to much money for an app!!!!!! it sould be at the most 20$
. nice app
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
utter crap. if i could give no stars i would app crashes all the time won't send invoices to customers i have had for years have been struggling on with quickbooks for several years but now can't take the frustration anymore caused by this utter waste of money.
business. great app
. the software is easy to get started with. however, matters such as how to generate p45, p60, issuing dividends, needs improvement.
do not sign up using the app. signing up from the app store restricts how you can use quickbooks online. you will not be able to change basic setting like email address or password. sign up from a desktop. then you can login to the app later.
very good. does just what i need.
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
qb. completely unusable since 6th september update. crashes all the time on latest ios please fix this.
really good app. still need some more features like invoice customization
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
quickbooks online review. no longer works on nexus 6p. intuit support unableunwilling to help.
. awesome app. sabes me countless hours and allows me to have a simple effective mobile office for my contracting company
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
invoice and estimates not saving after last update. you will have to delete app. then reinstall then it will save.
easy to use. very easy to use compared to other programs i have tried.
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
. nothing more appropriate and useful for us at this time. qb is invaluable. keep it up folks
my music mi musica en espanol y english bilingual. bilingual
. bank feeds never update. been telling me to check back in a couple of hours for 3 days. resync doesn't work. completely useless without updated banking information. uninstalling and never returning. stick to the web browser bc this app is a waste of my time and space!
quickbooks. works great . happy with the app
unusable. doesn’t connect to my account.. every time i try to login it says there is no company associated with my account. it works fine through a mobile browser or desktop browser. the app is completely unusable, how convenient. tech support says there is a glitch...you don’t say.
a little awkward.... it has the functionality but the ui is awkward. it's also very difficult joggling between the different expense accounts.
projectivity. great app for my consulting business. once you enter your data quick books can show you a picture of what your business looks like; where your money is coming in by customer. instantly produces reports, reminds you if you have invoices overdue and can be linked to your bank. what more would a small business want? i love this bookkeeping program. :)
great but how do i renew?. it says i need to renew or pay? i hit ok and try to go to the spot i need to but don't see anything. smthis happened while trying to make someone a receipt in person.
". often doesn't work. customer service tells me not to use the app, to access account from web browser. the numbers you get there may be undependable. don't trust it. the browser doesn't work with the phone. there only reason for quickbooks online is access while away from the computer. i often get the message,""check back in a few hours"". isn't that great when standing in front of a customer trying to write an invoice."
very good app.. really like this app.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
. i can't start trial.... coz if i choose company name,it will vanish...
. great app. use it to run my business.
kerrie. herc's girl
crash crash crash. it used to work but now it crashes right when i try to open it.
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up! one more star for a stronger search engine, can't find invoices by number or customers by address
access to qb contacts please. love this app, means i can work while out with the kids. would be better if my phone was allowed access to my quickbooks contacts as my husband adds the contacts and they call before i have chance to add them to my phone.
. do not use the cc service. they will hold your money for a week and charge you a service charge a week before you receive your money. horrible service.
amazing!. this app undoubtedly helps running multiple businesses on the road possible! when i finally switched my businesses from desktop to online there were a few things missing. i wrote a few complaints and spoke with their development team...few short months later...boom! additions were made! one if which is being able to switch businesses within the app. definitely much easier than logging in and out all the time.
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
ilove. great job guys! love the look and layout. i will be reaching for my ipad instead of my phone from now on! 4 stars.... would have been a 5 but when i am working on an invoice i can't add service dates. this is important for me and i found myself going for my phone.
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
utter crap. if i could give no stars i would app crashes all the time won't send invoices to customers i have had for years have been struggling on with quickbooks for several years but now can't take the frustration anymore caused by this utter waste of money.
easy to use!. love being able to take photos of receipts on the go!!
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
terrible app. you are unable to view and use the register, reconcile accounts and other simple everyday banking tasks. logging into your company through a mobile browser, such as the google chrome app for ipad, does give you access to some but not all tasks. isn't the purpose of online banking to be able to perform all banking from mobile devices?
excellent. love this app!!
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
. worst customer service ever! they blocked my customer payment and i couldn't get any answer after two weeks and nobody is responsible.
. as someone who is constantly on the go, i have minimal access to a desktop computer. this app makes it easy to invoice and record payments right from my phone whether i can make it to the office or not
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
features bugged and gets worse every time they update it. transactions page on ios 13 doesn’t respond atall, you can categorise and transactions or match payments. stop updating the app when you haven’t tested it thoroughly... it’s getting to the point i’m going to start looking elsewhere.
. trola app
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
limited in ipad. will not allow the entering of purchases on account from suppliers when using the ipad app. seems to be more cash based, unlike the version you log on with you pc or imac.
. good app.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
. very good app. make invoices in a snap.
crashes since ios13. i can no longer open my quickbooks on my phone since the ios 13 update has been released.
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
simply functional. app makes invoicing easy, and allows you to track any outstanding receivables. should make tax time much easier.
crashes since ios13. i can no longer open my quickbooks on my phone since the ios 13 update has been released.
missing data on iphone and ipad. i have an issues where invoices are missing for some customer on both iphone and ipad. the show up absolutely fine on the web. i can see the payments but get the error when i open the payment qbm.error.00500000.reason.iphone. please fix asap
. was using quick books online on laptop and it was fantastic, now since have to be on the move, am using on my android phone to generate invoices and it amazing experience, just dont need laptop anymore. great stuff. recommend to all smes
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
. the banking rarely syncs.. it hasn't synched in 15 days now! i know most of my invoices have been paid but i can't mark them off in the app and it's starting to get confusing. i can't tell which invoices are really over due... it's not the first time this has happened, it needs to be fixed!
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time. it works great with my small business to easily access invoices as well as the payment logs.
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
be careful. i resynced my bank feeds and two years of transactions got deleted. i spent an hour on the phone and was told they couldn't fix it...
great app. i've been a qb user since the early 90's. the app keeps getting better with greater functionally. i'm confident that all functions will be available on the app in future release. i use this app all day to create estimates and bill customers. it's great.
. like others have stated, this was a great app until the last update. after a few tweaks the app is up & running fine now. every so often it will ask for me to log on again even though i just used it. other than that it works fine.
. not good at updating itself
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
fix this!. when using my new iphone x the app crashes every time i try selecting the “invoices” button?! also... constantly have to log in and log out to update my information?! why?! please fix these major issues!
. quick and convenient full service bookkeeping app for my small business!
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
bad update. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program.
. i've used it for around 18 months so far and i love it. i hated accounting in university so it was my biggest fear when setting up a business. quickbooks has made it really easy.
. easy to create an invoice, a little difficult to look a customer's information via the phone app.
i need this app. i really need to use this app. but everytime i try to create an account it says connection error. i have been sending multiple emails about the same for the past month and no reply. five stars if you fix this problem
easy to use and great for tracking transactions. navigation is straightforward and the software updates quickly
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right.
president. this app is great for small (mobile) business owners doing paperwork on the fly. it keeps office time to a minimum.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
glitchy. only problem is if you’re doing a live estimate or invoice, if your screen goes idle this app makes you log in again and you lose all the information you’ve typed in. super annoying especially when you’re measuring out a house or doing a walk through with a client and entering information as you go.
simply terrific. hands down best invoicing app
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
. app isn't working. i keep getting an error message while it's loading.
great app. real nice app
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
. not all customer payments showing on android, on iphone was no issues except some crashes from time to time and signing out by itself.
life saver!. i absolutely love this app. when i first started out and i didn't have that many funds in the bank, this was one expense i didn't even have to overthink. after using quickbooks online app for only a week i knew i could never go back to organizing my finances on my own. i use it every single day!
app is awesome but works better on iphone than android. love the app however why can't i pull up profit loss statement graphs on my s6? this was extremely simple on my iphone 5. any help?
. disappointed trying to set up for a new business and linking bank account. keeps telling me something has gone wrong. after phoning up still no help. tried on 2 different devices and uninstalled loads of times. not happy. 🙈😥
simple to use. allows me to manage the books of my business anywhere anytime and i a can create an invoice directly from my phone which is very convenient.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
fmtt. i like quickbooks especially the app. however, reconciliation is difficult and confusing. also, matching. deposits and making sure deposits are made in quickbooks is so hard to figure out.
. great app, much easier to invoice customers.
kerrie. herc's girl
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck."
great so far!. i am really glad we went with quickbooks online, as i love this app! being able to pull up any and all financial information as well as build and email estimates and invoices on the go is crucial to our business! thank you intuit!
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
was an excellent app but...... never had a problem up to a month ago. upgraded my phone to galaxy s7 and now app does not work. this glitch needs to be fixed asap. i rely on this as i'm out in the feild daily.
great app only downfall is.... i like the app the only downfall is if your an employee you can't track your hours on here like you can with the qb on a computer.. also you can't delete a payment if you see you already added it. if so idk how to do these things.
co owner. we opened a small furniture and decor store. we use quickbooks online with few problems, however the go payments part was terrible. on our opening day it couldn't process 5 credit card transactions and has been sporadic ever since. we bought a new i pad hoping the faster processor would help wrong.
can't find internet?. every time i try to log in i get an error message that there is no internet to connect to which is bull. it's on my cell phone so there's wifi and data. very disappointed.
great app. works as intended handy to have quickbooks in your pocket
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
. nice. i can invoice right on the job. my clients can pay their bill through the email which is huge. more time with my family and less time wondering if the check is in the mail.
crashing after ios13 update!. app is crashing after face id log in on xs max ios13
it was barely ok to start with!. i had used quickbooks for several years and then went to the online version. i liked the features it had, but really didn’t like the 600.00 a year fee. for the most part it worked, but never all of the time. then when they raised the subscription price to 720.00 a year, that was it. i said good bye and found another program. no regrets!
the best. would have a hard time keeping up with everything without this program. works great!
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
loss of functionality. i had been using this app for a while without any real issues. however, recently the 'expense' button that pulls up from the '+' menu on the home screen is grayed out...thus rendering the app fairly useless on the go! intuit said they unfortunately didn't have the ability to fix issues with the app.
couldn't ask for more. vary good app with great integration with cloud web service. i have been using this app along with desktop cloud version with my business for little more then a year now and find it vary useful and the app tops it off being on the road with no access to computer as long as they continue to upgrade and offer quickbooks online with app i will subscribe
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
. when it works it works great. however i have to periodically delete and reinstall the app because it gets buggy entering new expenses. it will get locked in the expense screen. in the locked screen if i hit save 5 times it will record the transaction 5 times while still sitting in the entry screen. **update the developer solution did not work.
awesome. i use it on my mobile, very efficient and fast in the field , for quick creation of invoices and quotations, on the spot so i never lose the opportunity to acquire a new jobs and customers
. i use it for invoicing for a security and surveillance company and it does not give me any problems.
lots of errors.. there are a lot of bugs with qbo, and my accountants have noted errors in the reports. apparently qb is aware but haven't resolved the issues. we have also had numerous glitches in the program  including not being able to log into our account (only being able to log into my accountant's page). this issue has been ongoing for over 18 months without resolution. overall qbo has great potential if it only worked properly.
. user friendly
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
last update killed this app. i can't even.... will wait for the next update g to then i can't use it.
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
can't add or view expenses. the expenses option is not available! so why to have this app then?
so good.... love qbo! makes doing bookkeeping in the fly so easy and allows me to capture expenses on the spot!
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
not compatible with my lg g4 phone. i bought new lg g4 and installed the app on it, once i try to sign in the app crashes , i sent email to customer service and it has been three months since then, they keep saying we are trying to solve the issue, worst customer service ever.
qbo app. luv the new dashboard!! excellent app. no complaints.
. very useful. if can get it for eternity at one time payment and not to be paying monthly that would be nice.
they just keep changing the app.. my biggest complaint about the app is the limited features on customer entries. the pc version you can enter a customer as tax exempt on the phone you can't. further if you open the customer information on the phone and save it it will clear the tax exempt status on the pc version as well. so it is a constant battle to keep who is and isn't exempt straight.
. perfect app for my realty estate business.
. please add the option to take a picture to the receive and add it automatically to the transaction
so so.. while intuit has made many improvements in the last few years the iphone app is virtually useless. the ipad version is a slight improvement but neither app allow access to the most commonly accessed information. oh well.
i'm in to it. no doubt i will perfect my finances with this app! worth subscribing
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
no sign in recognition. i have been using the online version on my pc for a while. the mobile app will not let me sign in no matter what i do.
good app. goop app
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
quick and simple. simplify your life!
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
. really frustrated, do not buy this app through google, once you setup you account through good you can not upgrade you account or transfer it to a regular subscription. so i'm just stuck with what i have....
great app. found this app so easy and user friendly for our small business 😃
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
. similar issues as gillian, dashboard blank, constant error messages on mobile. i also ended up accidentally reinstalling a slightly different version and was paying double!! i didn't realize there were two very similar apps!! i also uninstalled reinstalled and it didn't fix issue. i am currently trying to figure out how to recover all the expenses and photo's of receipts for the tax season.
four leaf hvac. love the app. makes my life a lot easier.
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
not syncing correctly. the sync with their merchant services is not consistent. sometimes invoices are automatically matched and other times they art not. this leads to not easily identifying open or past due invoices with customers which can be challenging.
. great app, easy to use, very helpful to track your expenses
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program. the app on a mobile device doesn't even open. it says sync problem. it's been days since i logged into the app. always problems with this company. the app is terrible.....
. i like most everything about it except for not being able to save my invoices where and with what name i want
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
it only took intuit 10 years to get it right. finally! a cross platform that works where i do and i don't have to re enter all my data. however the search feature has gone rouge. i want to look at the last 30 days but it crashes every time. yes i have uninstalled ect. poor continuity.
great app. user friendly. simple and intuitive!
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
does very little. waste of time, minimal functions
east coaster. i love the online version. i can use my laptop, ipad or iphone to update, send quotes or invoices and even take payments via email.
. this app does so much for our new business!):
why use the app when you it lacks the features of the website. you can’t change the status of in invoice on the app and must be done online only. this is a major flaw in the app. once i do my taxes i will no longer be using quick books, because of the enforced complexity the system is rendered mostly useless. the app needs to have complete functionality of the site.
. great app
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
. quickbooks online is great, but the app does not include much for keeping your business mobile. all the small things really upset me, such as not showing inventory quantity on hand in the app. i'll just keep using the web browser until the app is up to par.
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
not as intuitive as desktop version. not as intuitive as desktop version. since 1986 used before intuit bought out money counts. lots to learn yet nice to be able to move the line items around. been wishing for that for 30 years
great support but app is flawed. i have several companies setup on one login. this was done by qb themselves but it keeps crashing, stalling or telling me there is a fault. also don't choose 'other' as business type as list of income and expenditure categories is massively reduced and you will have to add the ones you want manually. customer service is excellent but i shouldn't need to know this!
quick booksamazing app..!. please mail to this id anuhari036@gmail.com excellent app to work...it's really very useful to me...can you please tell how to invoice? thank you quick books for this amazing app!! it's really very helpful..!
owner operator. on the go? this app will help your business keep going without slowing down!
". update 101619: still useless as constant login issues persist, why use the app if i constantly have to uninstallreinstall + clear cachedata. constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
. great app
owner. i bought my basic subscription through the apple store and now i want to upgrade to essentials has anyone done or knows how to do this
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
great app. it good for all your on the go payments and keeps it in order.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
. i met someone with iphone using this app, an he could match & accept bank transactions from his phone. when will android version have this capability?
invoices. great company that takes care of all your business needs !
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
. crashes again and again
quickbooks is genius. i don't normally write reviews for apps. but quickbooks online is simply amazing. i've been using it for over a year and i absolutely love it. i can download transactions from the bank so no boring data entry and can create invoices on the go on my phone. so good.
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
partial functionality. every time i need to produce or view an invoice qb says i need to use web version because of register items that cannot be viewed. so basically ios version is not productive.
easy to use and great for tracking transactions. navigation is straightforward and the software updates quickly
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
fail update.. update never savessends invoices on either of my 2 devices
ios 13 problems fixed very quickly.. quickbooks is pretty good, the online version is fantastic. issues are attended to quite quickly. from a small business point of view, i simply can’t fault it.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
welshman. love it. simple for me to send estimates & invoices from the field.
good presentation. the app does not provide the option of tds in invoice which is provided in pc browser. so a star less from me
used to work. are you ever going to fix the ap
just works. great app! no complaints, but my business isn't very big. looking forward to quickbooks scaling up with me!
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
. great app, doesn't crash and still much to learn from it bur its helping keep my business organized
i use it with all my clients!. having a business solutions & consulting biz for years there have been times i've lost notes or even lost billable time. having the ease of this program not only resolves that, but it also runs easily in multiple platforms including my preferred operating system utilizing a linux distribution.
can't view customized reports. nice app. not very useful for tracking your business through reports that you have setup using quick books online. what's the point of having your company books in your hand if you can't track the information you need?
. very useful for small and midam business company
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
. sucks
. best app
love it. very simple you use and looks professional, only think i’d say is don’t let your trail run completely out before you buy because it won’t instantly be back up and running takes a few days
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
fab. brilliant app that updates instantly, giving a visual handle on your business at any time. thank you
better improvement. app running better
invoices and estimates design. the design and layout of the invoices and estimates templates are outdated. seems like a small thing, but it reflects poorly on a business’ brand, and it is so easily fixed on your end. hire a professional designer and give clients a template that says quickbooks cares about our brand too.
works great. does a great job
just too expensive.... i run a small business and can't afford the monthly dues of qbo. hoping they come up with a more competitive product at some point...
rubbish with ipad. awful user experience working on ipad. and no consistency with menu options when using mobile and web app. it’s like using 2 different applications.
. best accounting app ever
. missing cpl of features like cheque writing, arap reports in mobile app.
. deleting your account is a nightmare!!
. it takes a little while to get used to the interface after switching from desktop, however having all my financials updated in real time and at my fingertips is awesome! wish i would have switched years ago!
not free. unless i missed it this app says free. when you try to utilize it, it asks for $$$. if i'm wrong i will change the review immediately.
doesn’t load (for me). app doesn’t load. tap on the icon and nothing happens. i hope no one else has this problem.
awesome.. works great for invoicing and reports. love being able to email and print invoices and estimates from my phone. i don't use it for payroll.
. think it is great to a point. having trouble posting a sales receipt. can't get to my comp. wanting and needing more.
. this has to be the worst app going zero customer support constantly lied too been trying for 3 weeks to send an invoice and they don't care as long as you keep paying absolute rip off...not far from being a scam spoke to managers about problems and still nothing done do don't waste your time or money...try any other program or stick to pen and paper far better and less stressful
this app will do the trick whenever you are on the go. i have been working with quickbooks online quite sometime and i like so far . the app is very convenient and simple which is great our busy schedule. thanks debora s
. my subscription was canceled and i have not been able to restore it.
. downloading problems and unresponsive customer service
user friendly. easy to use!
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
ios 13; don’t do it!. if you need this app to work correctly do not upgrade to ios 13 yet! many bugs... my worst bug: can’t look at any customer info anymore, does not work. yes i uninstalled and reinstalled...
. love this app, been using it a couple of years now m
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
. i hate your new update where all i can do it take a picture and its magically submitted and i can't add any of my info that i need linked to that receipt
great app. awesome
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
app crashes on ios 9 and ios 10. when i click on support it takes you to a web page that also does not work properly. do you have email support ?
. love this app. just wish i could create work orders
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
very frustrating. i can't understand why quickbooks refuses to put time tracking in their mobile app. time tracking is weak at best on a desktop but excluding it on mobile makes no sense. as a graphic designer who only sells time, this is close to worthless.
owner. great app. keeps me up to date.
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
easy here, hard there. you can tell this is more for business that need to create invoices more than purchase orders. desktop as well. i’ll give 4 stars when they add a po feature to the app.
great for dummies. wife told me i had to get more organized with my billing. i went down kicking and screaming but she was right!! program works great on my phone and ipad. super easy to use.
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
find someone else.. their help desk refuses to speak to the actual person who handles my business books and wanted to do nothing more then waste my time when i have business to run! square is looking even better! 112019 updated response to quickbooks. the person was on the account and had full access. again wasting time and money and horrible customer service.
great for mobile small business !. we couldn't live without our quickbooks online mobile app! look up information and match bank transactions right away. would like to see more functionality for customer and vendor invoicing and billing options as well as filtering but overall a great, easy to use tool.
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
. very good no problems with it.
👌🏼. not a bad app
. app doesn't want to update. i need to use it now not later. this is unacceptable.
. wow amazing app.this is very helpful app. thank you developers.likeit.
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
love it but..... seems like new technology with some bugs. also some reciprocity issues with what can be done on app as opposed to phone. i know intuit will refine and well worth it. it is helping me streamline my business networking system!!! love it and look forward to giving a 5 star in couple years!
very mobile. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far
employee. love quickbooks but really want to incorporate it into my service vehicles please make a employee version
not trustworthy. quickbooks has some issues with taking multiple accounts under the same email. i can not access my account because my email was used to open a second trial and i can not access my data any longer. choose better accounting software, overall. this app has no visible way to logout or troubleshoot.
best small business app!. awesome app! very helpful
. quickbooks please make it so there's the option of where payments are deposited on sale receipts for the android app as its available on ios. other than that is not a bad app.at all. 👍🏼. still waiting for the option on android of where funds are deposited.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. need to be able to email multiple emails at one time.
easy to use. the quickbooks app is quick and easy to use.
. whats the cost after free trial
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
excellent solution. moved from qb desktop longtime user 9+ years this app and the online approach work really well.
". latest update to my pixel made the app very laggy, and the ""feedback"" popup appeared again after i submitted it the first time! however, rebooting the app seemed to fix."
bad update. can no longer accept credit card payments. keep getting error code 6000. tech support advised this is a known issue but no eta on fix. please revert back to previous version.
great for handyman businesses. qb is great for me! i run a handyman business and my office is at my clients place or in my truck. i can sent estimatesinvoices while i am on site. it so nice because i use my tablet or phone when i’m on the road and when i’m home i can use qb on my computer and everything is automatically updated
. missing cpl of features like cheque writing, arap reports in mobile app.
. for over a week, the app has been failing to load my account details. i sent the error report by email too. i am using the correct login info and i have a samsung galaxy s10 plus. the app is poorly designed and maintained... spending all the money on those commericalsads vs on the actual product, not looking to renew once our lisence expires at this rate... we can just build our own system instead or use other functioning ones..
simple, just plain works.... easy to set up, use and send invoices, receive payments and figure out the taxes.
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
. what a joke......the sales team are so rude....software is actually pretty good but the attitude of the staff in th sales team have completely put me off using this! i will now be looking elsewhere (fresh books etc).....
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
can not save estimates. i'm able to imput items for estimates but error message pops up when i try to save.
so easy.. i love using this app, it is a lot easier than the online webpage version. i love it.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
. i have this quick books and pay outrageous monthly for the worst service specially the mobile app. have called them so many times but all they care about is to collect. just waste of time and no help. i wish i could take my customer list and go to another co. does anyone know any co. better?
nice app that works well!!. works well, well thought out and presented. helps me day to day for sure!!
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
"please include timekeeping features.. this app is essentially a ""readonly"" feature of the real online experience for me. after the first couple of days orienting myself to the app, i've given up. please include timekeeping feature. thank you."
i love this app. i love all of the features it currently has. i wish we had more of the controls we had from our qbo web version. 4616  i love that i can now see my check registers & a few other things have been updated. added the final star!
. great but sometimes invoices lock with the inability to edit unless opened with a different device.
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
. awesome app for my business
. think it is great to a point. having trouble posting a sales receipt. can't get to my comp. wanting and needing more.
still unresolved issues 3 month later. i’ve had quickbooks for over 3 month now and since i’ve had it i have been unable to allocate my bank transactions on my app. i’ve flagged this to quickbooks and had responses but no fix. keep being told to use desktop version for now! 3 months and still not fixed isn’t good enough for a payed for app.
excellent customer support.. features wise need lot of improvement. still giving four stars because of excellent customer support.
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
useless app. hard and bad wrote app. can't use many of the functions of regular online version.
. very good app for small business owners
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
useless!. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. mobile apps for ios and android sucks big time!
good app. vendors application must be updated.
great app & program  must improve search engine. fantastic program with brilliant features. it does need some urgent fixes. one being to be able to search through an account such as cash sales and be able to find a name, address or phone number.
not available?. i need this app to work with my uk quickbooks account that handles multiple currencies. the iphone app is at least functional but lacking many features.
. excellent i love this app. have used for months on droid razr, not one problem. integrated with my computer, i use this in the field for sprinkler business. 100 percent happy.
lots of shortcomings. qo is great and this app is ok. too bad so many features are missing
pretty good app. have an issue with multi tasking. app doesn't stay in the multi tasking overflow menu, so when working with my calendar, i need to manually open the app again from the app drawer. pretty frustrating. it's supposed to be a productivity app for small businesses, but its really not
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
". latest update to my pixel made the app very laggy, and the ""feedback"" popup appeared again after i submitted it the first time! however, rebooting the app seemed to fix."
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
easy. i have found this app very easy to use. being able to tap into your invoicing system when out on a job. it enables me to issue an invoice same moment the job is finished and emailed to my customer stood in front of me, that way my customer has a paperless invoice and can pay you right away. saves time!
. easy to use. the only reason i did give it five stars was because you can't add custom fields to the customer data.
. just awful. i never know if or when it will work properly. i've uninstalled and reinstalled, tried with and without wifi, this app has cost me a lot in time and money. i never know what it will screw up next and support has never once been helpful in solving issues
great app so far. great app. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address.
. its pretty good, but the scroll bar on the side of the expenses list is driving me absolutely insane because i keep accidentally scrolling and jumping through the list
. it sucks scam!!! so i tried quickbooks just for hel,p i got logged out of the app and now i have to pay $400 just to restart my password other companies are free.
easy and convenient. would recommend.
overall good product. not having access to the entire online tools on the app makes for complicated tasks at times. the online browser does not run fluently with a safari browser so if i need anything beyond basics i need to get to a pc.
pretty basic and useless. can't do a lot of things. when i'm on the road and away from my laptop i really need to be able to do more stuff. can't customize any reports at all other than by date. can't run reports by location , can't make many edits , can't easily access the data i need. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account.
. very good experience, very helpful and pro
. you should make the interface exactly the same as the desktop version. we don't mind paying more for online, knowing that we constantly get updates, and logon capabilityfrom any computer and can have the online backups. but having the desktop vs online being totally different and opposite from eachother is annoying. i will give 5 stars when this changes.
. this is what happens when a company gets too large. first app worked fine and then suddenly refuses to connect to my bank. customer service is a joke. reps were unable to figure out why error 103 kept appearing. after two hours on the phone i was then told it is a systems issue that needs its own ticket. two days later an email arrives stating that the issue is resolved. guess what, it wasn't!! come up intuit! you can do better than this
great app. this does everything i need it to do!
i like it but am confused. the app works very well, but i am confused how to change a quote from pending to approved. when i click on edit the option does not come up
app doesn’t get updated with the website!. this is most ridiculous app! it doesn’t get updated with the website! they charge you $40.00 per month with no resolution in the near future.
best accounting online software. very useful very easy and flexible
good for viewing, not for editing. can't seem to figure out how to allocate new transactions.
slow to load and outdated info. the mobile app is pretty much useless, continues to give outdated balances, the only report available is a basic p&l. i need to see a running balance, not just the bottom line which is usually wrong but no way to check! i see many updates but no improvements, only rate increases!
. great app. getting better all the time too
great but how do i renew?. it says i need to renew or pay? i hit ok and try to go to the spot i need to but don't see anything. smthis happened while trying to make someone a receipt in person.
. this app has one major flaw in my view. my bank transactions do not update unless i go through the website and update it there. this is probably the only reason i have this app. this is very annoying and i have contacted quickbooks about this issue and they are not helpful. they tell me to go to the website and update it there! would be a great app if they fix this issue.
good app for business owners. i think the app does a good job with tracking expenses and billing. as a whole i think there may be better programs out there. do you research before signing up.
ok app. missing alot of important features
. don't fill up your information for free trial it's easy to set up for free trial. they doesn't have options in app for unsubscribe your free trial. you have to reach them every day for unsubscribe your free trial. if you not satisfied from app then start call them before 5days, they will not answer your call till your free trial not get expired. be careful before you sign up.
great accounting app. i've been using the quickbooks app for a over a year now and i love how it allows me to stay on top of my business accounting. i love that the app allows me to take a snapshot of my receipts and link them to their corresponding expense transactions within quickbooks.
accept button doesn’t work.. love the app however this latest update the accept button doesn’t seem to work so you can’t accept the new line items from your bank feed.
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken.
. love the mileage and receipt feature.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
love it!!. makes life easier being able to enter transactions from my phone!
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
. crashed out. would not set even up account. lame. uninstalled.
. i just got the program so far i really like it
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
crashed when entered a sales transaction. downloaded this app to see if i could use it instead of at a computer and the app crashed as soon as i tried to enter a sales transaction. i tried to enter in the receipt type and it crashed
. really handy app, does what it says on the tin lol
i'm trying the app now i have a question. can i acess from a pc too? or is it only for the phone?
. signed up 6 days ago for self employed package, although it says in the package i can use the app, when opening the app it states i have not signed up for it... emailed asking for help, no reply. scheduled a call back for tuesday 13pm, noone called. poor customer service. i will cancel and find another accountancy program.
good app and getting better. really good features and helps when you are on the run. new reporting and features have been added which gives you quick company snapshots whilst you are away from the office
. found a better app for my needs
. will not honor my subscription. extremely unhelpful support, giving me the run around. 1 week into paying, still no use of the app, and they will not help!
. so far so good. only been using for a short time and still getting to grips with things. will update as i go.
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
. was working ok then app was updated,. help centre can't give time to fix or troubleshoot to be able to use this whilst out on jobsites not happy at all costing money
. great small business app for on the go!! love it!
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
qb ol user. i almost can't believe they actually released this to the public. it is only half an accounting system. all you can do is see outstanding invoices. it is at best a limited reporting system. it is not a way to control a business.. a long way to go before even thinking about paying $0.99 for it ..
this app will do the trick whenever you are on the go. i have been working with quickbooks online quite sometime and i like so far . the app is very convenient and simple which is great our busy schedule. thanks debora s
. it's a decent app. not quite a full model with some basics left out. also, they need to make it available for kindle.
basic app. app functions are extremely limited, and i can't use qb web on any browser on ios devices (ipadipad pro 12.9iphone 7plus) as all browsers including safari, chrome and dolphin run in zoomed mode when want to enter invoice, payments, receipts and bills or even check reports and make unusable.
accept transactions fixed. latest update fixed accepting transactions.
. pos app!
i rely on online sync with my external banks. i'm disappointed the subscription i pay for is not mobile. i imagine it would take a lot of programming to include sync on mobile tablets but if it's already hosted on the server, why no access? i'm not a architect but i imagine outsourcing the sync hardware off the tablet you could get your current transactions on mobile . maybe i'm crazy
. this app works really good makes owning a service business simple. love that i can get done at a customers house and send an invoice
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
logs me off all the time. app is constantly requires entering password even with touchid enabled. not sure what the point of touchid is if a password is required
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
. pos app!
quickbooksjoist sync. none of this is working at all. for a company that does bookkeeping it’s ironic that i’ve been charged twice in less than thirty days for a trial period!! none of my invoices are synced, estinates are counted as revenue and quikboojs is stating my 90 day old business has 1000 net profit!! not even remotely possible! this is incredibly frustrating and so i have to work on this on my only day to rest. ridiculous!! do not use this app
great tool. its great tool for small business. makes my life easier. recommend
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
superb app. works everytime for me, allows me to update invoices, expenses and record payments.
quickbooks on iphone ios 13 wont open. can you please fix the bug i can’t log in osi 13
check payment image. i wish if i can take of the customer check payment image and with in it on the app. both of them times it’s hard to search for invoice number and when customers overpay the system does not stop them and the refund process is so difficult.
. great job on iphone app but android need some work done.
. some features only available through the desktop dashboard ...
critical simple feature still missing  for years!. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
great costumer service. i hope that they improve the app but so far so good. very satisfied with the product.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. this app has never worked on my phone. it gives me the login screen, i enter my password, and the app force closes.
very convenient!. this app has saved me on so many occasions. being able sending invoices and estimates onthego is awesome.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
crashes all the time. no matter what version this is, it always crashes on me. i never use this this app, although it would be fantastic if i could.
. loving this app. super easy to use.
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
". often doesn't work. customer service tells me not to use the app, to access account from web browser. the numbers you get there may be undependable. don't trust it. the browser doesn't work with the phone. there only reason for quickbooks online is access while away from the computer. i often get the message,""check back in a few hours"". isn't that great when standing in front of a customer trying to write an invoice."
qb online app. i love it! the app makes it easy for me to check on my business, record transactions, and review reports.
nice app..... doesn't function like the website
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
. great app
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
. works great very user friendly! just wish i could sync it with my square app
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
"locks, freezes, and won't sync. updated last week and haven't been able to use it since. i've reinstalled, cleared cache, resynced data... nothing. qb customer service ""can't see any issues with my login"" so who knows ? ive been reduced to entering all my invoices from my computer at home (defeats the purpose of the app doesn't it?). until they fix this update, don't download it."
very handy. excellent app love it save me hours in office
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
. ripped off!!! they offer a 30 day free trial and a discounted $4.99 per month,which i paid, then after 1 month gets cancelled.
. very simple to use.
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
great app!. only complaint is i wish i could create a invoice and with the total job and then invoice for a smaller amount keeping the job total on the same invoice if that makes sense. no other complaints. overall i would recommend to anyone!
great app for small business. only problem i see is cannot link to pc and print balance sheet
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
works great for me!. i love this app! it is nice to be able to create invoices, accept payments, and email invoices on the spot. no more waiting to get back to my computer for data entry.
. some features only available through the desktop dashboard ...
. all the hype and there's no where or way to cancel a subscription.
. its a better than average app
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. rubbish app as never let's me update my bank transactions. i go to refresh and it simply comes up saying none and all up to date when it's not. makes the app unusable for me.
very good!. really does help to keep everything at your finger tips, it's a convenient way to keep track of your earnings and invoices. one quick glance and you know where your company is at! 👍🏻
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
too extensive and yet not thoughtful enough. here's what's needed: 1) mush better limited user access ie. for delivery drivers who simply need to obtain signature but have access to all company info in the activity feed (!) 2) needs to offer lic storage for invoice signatures instead of requiring data connection as this function absolutely kills phones' battery life and also often doesn't work in concrete laden loading docks and larger buildings 3) need the mobile version to incorporate the purchase order system!
. last update made my app work. great job! samsung galaxy s2 sprint epic touch 4g.
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
phone app fail. what ever opinion you have of qbo ... the phone app fails. it will not let you see the estimates and invoices for a customer. they exist, in your system but they do not show up in the app. everything else.... any other feature discussion... it's all irrelevant. if you can't view basic customer info, the app fails.
great for small business. i am a partner in a small mobile based business and the financial dealings are my responsibility. quick books online along with the app make everything so much easier than what we were previously using. using the app is pretty intuitive and you can accomplish anything i need to at a job site.
i use it with all my clients!. having a business solutions & consulting biz for years there have been times i've lost notes or even lost billable time. having the ease of this program not only resolves that, but it also runs easily in multiple platforms including my preferred operating system utilizing a linux distribution.
it's got some great ideas however. ... i think there is so much potential here but....it all drops off cause any time i've sent an invoice it drops it and i have to resend several times. it took 3 months to be able to connect to my bank and there are a few other issues. not sure yet if i'm going to cancel or not.
accountant owner. easy to navigate and control
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
. making my life so much easier!
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
best app for small business. excellent
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
. entered in info 2 link bank business card. then i went & made a purchase with that same card & nothing showed up. giving apps a shot, even though i know in the back of my mind that anything can be hacked. i'm not trying this again will uninstall.
. would like to be able to send invoices
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
broken for ios 13 please update. when you jack up the price 25% i expect more
. this app is great. i can do everything from my phone. i'm can update at any moment and keep an eye on clients who are running late on payments.
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
entering bills?????. why have intuit decided not to support bill entering on this app?!? it great i can import my paper receipts using the camera, but whats the point if i can't enter as a bill only an expense?!?
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
can't match bank transactions reliably. the only reason i use this app is to match bank transactions when i have some 'down' minutes. lately, they keep getting kicked back to me, so i have to match them on my pc anyway. also, you don't have access to both memo and description, so your notes don't appear in reports if you add the transaction though a bank connection.
. umhhh love it yar
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
needs work. i love the functionality of it but i wish it would integrate paypal for the option on invoicing. my customers all use paypal & im double sending because there is not a paypal button on this invoice program!
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
fab. brilliant app that updates instantly, giving a visual handle on your business at any time. thank you
just fine for a small business. if you are looking to get up and running quickly, then this will do just fine. the subscription is a little on the high side compared to sage's offering, but sage is a lot more difficult to use.
. this app is extremely slow, to the point of being unusable. the bank feed is ridiculously slow, anf accepting transactions lags terribly.
great app. very helpful, only complaint is, i would like more features like the desktop version. i would like to be able to get into my online version and accept register transactions, look at taxes that are owed, stuff like that. but over all a huge time saver. and has gotten me out of some tight spots. thank you
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
. was working for a couple months. now i can longer link to my bank account and the app constantly freezes with either a blank screen or white screen. completely useless..
quickbooks online app a+. app is very easy to use, even people without lots of knowledge in bookkeeping can manage their small business with quickbooks online through the app.
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
. the app has stopped working on my phone, i've been trying to log in for 2 weeks now and it constantly said the internet isn't connected, which it is. have sent an email via your contact details abs had no response regarding this issue.
so much better than sage. we moved from sage to this and haven’t looked back. the app is better and the links to banks work (unlike sage). the help and support is better than sage too. all in all, well worth a trial.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
. terrible. does not recognize my company credit card as a credit card, add o i couldn't add expense charged to it. doesnt recognize my cash account from my chart of accounts for when i tried to apply a cash receipt. clearly not ready for prime time.
. best account software i've used
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
. pc or macbook apps are good but i am sorry to say that this app is waste of time. very slow. page loading time is more that 1 min even with wifi having 100mb broadband speed.
good but needs more. i wish i can record bills in the expences area, and on the banking it will be nice to be able to do transfers, and deposits. other than that this app is been working ok for me.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
crashes. crashes immediately after i open the application. update was recently done and now i can't use it.
keeps everything in one place. great app! i keep all my business and personal expenses logged and in place from my phone. i can also track multiple companies. gives me so much piece of mind and way easier for keeping track of taxes and book keeping.
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
. freezes often and takes ages to recover
mac's tint. just started with quickbooks, so far so good 😊👍
just like the web version. the new updates are great. it's just like the web version minus tax lodgements which is possibly due to regional differences. the only gripe i have is the lack of keyboard integration which means you will need to use the touch screen but it's an ipad app so can't really complain there.
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
. so far this is okay still need to learn
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
great app!. super easy to use, very convenient!
i can use my phone and ipad!. had the desktop version for years and loved it! always updated every couple of years and learned the new changes. then went to online version, little less features but was more mobile. now i have it at the office, or anywhere! some features are still a work in progress  like receiving payments, but this quickbooks team has been developing and updating since the beginning. great accounting software!
stable. no longer crashes. the first update into ios 10.0.2 was really bad. wouldn't load. this update fixes that issue and i'm back working. was a setback for a week as i do a lot of invoice updates through the app, but i made due.
great app. need to be able to make statements from iphone. just make the app able to do everything you're able to do from laptop. love quikbooks.
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
easy to use on the go!. super convenient way to keep up with your accounting and invoices from anywhere on the go.
. i like the software however it is still a bit confusing. i will need to spend more time training
. but as good as iphone so but as good as iphone app
great for my small business. i could not run my business without online quick books and having it at my fingertips on my iphone, ipad and iwatch means i can check things on my downtime like when i'm sitting in traffic.
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
got worse after the update. it shows the information of last week, it doesn't update
owner. love this service i can keep up with everything that we are doing great app
. great service especially for a company on the go or starting up. would be better if it was optimized for the galaxy tab s4 . since it constantly crashes on it...
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
works great for me!. this app is very convenient and easy to use. my business is not complex so it handles all of my needs quite nicely.
. this software is extremely easy to use and worth the subscription. i started my business last october and i have no interest in switching. cheers apollo butler c.e.oowner of hornet waste management.
. adding time tracking to the app would be nice.
. great app. i have had excellent customer service experiences.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
new update fail to open. just updated and app will not open
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
one of the worst decisions ever!. i decided to move forward with quick books because of a friend recommending it to me. this has been one of the worst experiences ever. the customer service is terrible and the fact that quick books owes me money is even worst. i highly recommend that no one uses this service.
. great app and also great customer service they answer my questions very fast.
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
phoned in. this could be such a cool extension, but like a lot of qb online, it feels a bit phoned in.  expenses show without account coding  what's the point?  report viewing is limited  dashboard is not customizable
owner. thank you for qbo! it's a breeze to use and i love recommending it to my clients! can't wait to get updates and see what else qbo can do.
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
. very easy and convenient, especially on the go
. this app does so much for our new business!):
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. zero stars"
seems good so far!. i just downloaded the app, however for what i use qb for, this app is perfect and will definitely make my time more efficient. i am always on the go and handwrite all checks. from what i can see, you can quickly enter checks written (and even take a picture) and also manage your online banking. which is perfect for my needs.
quickbooks. it's an alright app. can be too difficult. but there aren't many other options.
. app hangs all the time, and pain to work with. waste of time
. great app for on the go invoices
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
awful. doesn't work.. logs me out instantly every time i sign in... wish i could evaluate more. love the online version, but this app is struggling.
great for business on the move. this app is a solid connection to your quickbooks and allows for quick and straightforward posting of expenses, invoices and estimates.
. app looks great.
missing a major key demographic.. although a good application, there are some things missing  like the ability to do business income taxes for t2 (corporations). this feature should be able to send those docs to cra in a format that ready to go. especially when small business corporations are being targeted in the media. help make this easier  there's no reason this feature should not be incorporated into the software.
love using quickbooks!!. i love using it and it makes my business so easy and don't even need to carry my computer. i can actually do all of my invoices estimates anytime anywhere with my cell phone!
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
blair. app is extremely unstable. every time i need to get on it i have to force quit the app and re loggin. i have an iphone x and it runs horrible on here. hoping they fix this asap because i run my entire service company from the app
great product!. importing my company file from desktop to qbo was a breeze. love the interface, ease of use, and having access to qb anywhere i go.
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
hate it. i officially hate this program and will be changing to another accounting software in july. i have been using quickbooks since 2000 and used to love its simplicity but it has become time consuming and harder to use. make a mistake...can't fix it. if you are away you can' access all the feature using the app  you find a computer and log on.
. great app. for business on the go. love doing invoices com my smart phone.
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
limited, buggy, slow... this a majorly limited version of quickbooks online. you really can't do much with it. it also crashes often and is extremely, painstakingly slow. but so is qb online for that matter.
my everyday app. love how easy this app is to use
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
doesn’t work with ios13. pls fix
mobile app. great on the go invoicing, works great!
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
. great app, easy to use....
attach photos. it would be nice to attach photos with emailed invoices, and a record of when invoices are sent to customers.
. app doesn't have all features, as we have it in web application.
great services. as a small business owner this software offers me everything i need.
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
. inuit customer service is a joke
quickbook. i like it very much when making a invoice for a new customer you can just get all info transfered out of contacts. also helps keep your sales entered in real time
great for cell phone however.... i originally gave five stars however the app doesn't work with tablets that don't have a wireless carrier. so though i am on wifi it won't download regardless of the os meeting and exceeding the requirements. aside from that great app when used with my cell
. keeps crashing! i can't even get the app to start up to the log in screen most of the time.
user friendly. very easy to use
kevin morton. easy. not using any other software.
. very poor and limited app. information displayed is quite different from the web view. i only want to see one thing  supplier invoices and outstanding balances and this app doesn't show them.
it begins.... i liked it so much i have it for 2 seperate businesses and just moved my household accounting onto qbo. the accountant can get to everything from his desk, me from my phone. auto download of account data, auto reports are awesome!
needs some work. this app is good but needs more work. error message kept popping up while working in it. some tasks are missing like entering bills. can't find sign out button or switch to a different company.
if it wasn’t broken, it would be much better.. when i launch this app on any of my devices, i get an error in the app that says “unable to get all of your quickbooks data pull down to refresh your page.”
very happy with qbo. it beats invoice2go and is very friendly to use. no doubt it's the #1 invoicing app.
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
great support. we use the app almost exclusively to keep our business mobile. recently had an issue and contacted customer chat to get it resolved. they had me screen record it happening and said they would push to engineering for fix. honestly didn’t expect anything fast but they fixed the issue and included it in the new patch. it’s been about a week or less so a big thank you the support teams for getting it fixed and getting us back to normal.
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
will not export from pro to online. after 4 days working with quickbooks support they were not able to merge my company files over. very disappointed!
. great app. so convenient from my phone
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
awful app  doesn’t fully sync with online data. i keep getting notifications about a 6 month overdue invoice, which i used for testing. however, when you try and remove the invoice, it can’t find it. the online version is fine if a little overpriced for soletrader business, but this app, which costs nothing, is worth exactly that. it’s next to useless.
. the app is very good, keep improving to give us the latest version
quickbooks. quickbooks on my cell phone keeps me in touch with our office 247. once data is entered by our staff it is immediately updated to my cell phone as well as other devices. for the times our staff had a question regarding entries, the help line for quickbooks was always answered by a person who took a personal interest in our problems and they always found a solution. dorothy apartment rentals
worthless app. i was excited to find this app and, unfortunately, downloaded it. i really cannot figure out what is good for other than creating invoices. confusing when you open the app, it does not get better as you get into it, not that there is anything to get into. i run a small non profit & just found this app useless, except for taking up space. what a pity as i have been a qb user for years.
great app!!!!!. great app for your business. really makes things easier and proactive. it also tracks everything
as a cpa, i think qboa is by far the best of the big three. it's better organised then myob and xero and accepts wpns which neither xero or myob will. the fact that it's half their price makes it an absolute winner
bad update. keeps asking me to sign in every time. can't use touch id or pin. fix it quick! 😩
new and improved. i waited a long time to change over to the online version per the advice of my accountant. it was worth the wait. it's a much better version and easier than the regular version of qb
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
. great app
kerrie. herc's girl
. this apo no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
brilliant app. makes running a business a lot easier.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
rubbish. doesn't work. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. deleted. no support from customer service
awesome app. i run a small business and i use quick books to manage my entire business! from estimates to invoices to getting paid its all so easy and fun to use! thanks guys
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
company activity and payments are not updating!. the new version does not work!!
the best app for small business owners. i own a small business near austin, tx and i used to have to drive home to write up an estimate, but with quickbooks they have truely made it easy and extremely convenient. i highly recommend this app.
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
. this app needs a lot of work.
. works great!! great app and this helps you lesson the paper work when you get back to the office!
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
don’t update. ever since last update it crashes when i try to run a credit card. was talking with customer support for an hour and all she could say is i understand. when i asked to speak to a manager the line was disconnected
great accounting. the app is great and syncs perfectly with my quickbooks online account. makes billing from multiple sites quick and easy on the go.
. had difficulty with seeing my total mileage, but was guided by a rep.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
powerful, concise and easy to use. i get the information i need immediate, and am able to review, edit and accept transactions quickly and easily. this helps me answer questions on the fly!!
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
. where do i start. purchased to help with accounts for small self employment business. did not upload new transactions from bank account or paypal as advertised on app or the full site. mileage tracker was not accurate. user interface too basic. so frustrating as i would use this constantly but as it does not upload my transactions properly, it is unusable. far too glitchey as an app. wish i had done free trial and not wasted money on it.
. downloaded because i was told its a app that would help me. i wasn't ready to learn. today i 😍 this app!
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
very powerful. i appreciate the ability to invoice from my phone. the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is the difficulty in entering time when not connected.
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
. absolutely horrible customer service having multiple issues but because they can't duplicate it they act as if it's not a problem i have to delete my app and reinstall just about every day now because it says there is suspicious activity when there isn't and on the samsung tablet the app will not let you do negative numbers for discounts
quick book rocks. best accounting package ever made. it links to your bank . cards directly. no need of much accounting knowledge. provide login to your accountant. operate from anywhere.
. great for on the go i mostly love it. i wish there were options to run individual client reports. also, a search option by keywords or invoice numbers. sometimes, when i open it, there's no information in the app! have had to uninstall, then reinstall multiple times. galaxy s2
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
. love this app, saves me a lot of time keeping all business details together, everything at your fingertips. great at tax time, bas time and just a great all round. a couple of things i don't like but i'm trying others ways to get around it.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
it's ok. useful app.. i can't figure out how to open the other companies that i can access on the desktop.
"ireland. works well in ireland but some difficulties with irish vat which for small businesses operate on ""receipts basis"" for vat. but work arounds available.. reporting is great. emailing invoice is so easy. this is cloud accounting at the best and improving all the time. david fields in dublin ireland"
. je ne sais pas je connais pas encor
terrible support  avoid. terrible, terrible support. continual promises of call backs from customer support agents on live chat never happen because the bugs you find are too hard. open tickets for bugs never get resolved. you ask for a supervisor or manager and you have to email the person you’re complaining about?! get told that because of system bugs you have to manually delete the key back in multiple entries. you’ll be left at year end with books that don’t balance like me. avoid!
greatest app ever. i love the “capture receipt” feature. makes life a whole lot easier.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. last night's update totally messed up our county taxes, forcing you to use an incorrect rate, less than the state and county expect. we will need to use a different system now do avoid tax issues.
great!!!. super app and awesome program for small businesses. we have only been in business for a little over a year now but we really could not have done it without qbo! love everything about quickbooks! thank you for being part of a successful first year and many years to come.... america spa and pools, llc
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
. it would be very nice if i could attach my pdf warranty to every job without having to upload it from my device every time and choose it from a list like notes. but notes is so stupid you can only attach a jpg to it, no documents!!
love this app. works great and i can navigate and make invoices and track everything in one app! i love it
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
. extremely difficult to use and doesn't show my invoices if i need to edit something.
easy to use. simple setup easy to use self explanatory excellent for those on the go and still be able to run your bussiness a+++
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
purchase orders. i've requested this over and over with no response. the inability to create a purchase order via a mobile device is very, very inconvenient.
highly recommended. it saves me a lot time from working on invoices and so. it help me on whenever i need it, i just have to take out my phone and i'm able to use what i need to.
statements!. please add the ability to send a statement(s) from the mobile app. thank you!
. this company is a joke they will not allow hempbased transactions it is preventing my freedom of doing business the fed has mandated banks take money on hemp transactions
. nice...love this app a million times. please download.. very useful and helpful
. good app, but it is expensive....
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
. great but sometimes invoices lock with the inability to edit unless opened with a different device.
. not able to switch between companies using app followed instructions from developer which did not exist in app. faq site link doesn't exist.
awesome cloud computing. this is great! i’ll never have to worry about whether or not i have a valid backup of my company data (as i did on the desktop version). my data is safely in the cloud and accessible to me from any device with internet access that i choose! tracking of income and expense easy here through the mobile app with access to reconciliation on the full web version. easy to use!
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
". error message that cannot be fix ""cannot add this invoice, if error continues, please contact support"" that cannot be fix from quickbooks my android app been like this close to 1 month cannot create invoices estimates so on my business suffer cause of that, have use regular computer to create what was said. not good for business all subscriptions are active."
st. loui's pizza. thank you for your amazing support throughout my business ventures. being my first small steps into this lifestyle, i can proudly say you have discovered the 'easy way to run a business'. leaving me more time to do what i love! xx
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
cost. does this app cost anything, i am a small business, i haven’t made a profit yet, and don’t have much money, any help?
organization. finally found a way to do things faster and keep me organized!! with qb app i can easily go into my account and make an invoice, pay a bill, and add my deposits as soon as i do them without waiting until i'm in my office to do everything.
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
. indian user is not allowed
. super customer service!
. found a better app for my needs
. 30day trial
great app. had quick books for a while, the app is easy to use and has most of the futures that you would need on a phone... any bigger thing use a comp.
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
doesn't send invoices. my customers stopped receiving invoices from me via email. i have to send it to myself and forward to them. customer service is a joke: they think their clients are stupid, their advices are just ridiculous: are you sure you put the email in the right section? really? i had been sending invoices via email before and they all received them.
easy and it works!. simple, yeah!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
. on the android version i can't go back farther than 12 months to view invoices. also adding discounts are not easy, so there is a delay in sending invoices until i get to my computer.
. it doesn't get any better than this!
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
customer service and functions. you can be completely locked out upon renewal of your subscription. it has locked me out of entering for the last six days. tech support has been pretty useless at fixing it. with all the other flaws the online program has, avoid with every thing you have. you get no back up, high incompatibility, and many accountants hate it. your emailed invoice has a habit of hitting the spam bin,it isn't even compatible with other intuit products. avoid avoid avoid
easy to use and quick customer service. love this app for my business. makes it easy to keep everything up to date and keeps the books accurate. i recommend it to every business!!
must have !!!. if you have a business that serves customers and you want to collect payment at time of service or later, you want this software along with its phone apps to do business in the field. your a fool if you don't !!!!
. the app always crashes on me, and now i can't even get it to open.
easy to use. it have save me time and money.
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
. since last week couldn't login on android or web application. . tried out ignito mode, different browsers., clearing cache even did not worked out. what's the problem guys?
. great app and very simple to use.
. this is a great app and has been an invaluable tool for me to manage my business. the only draw back i have found is when i tried to use paypal in conjunction with the app. 1) the cost implications and 2) getting the money to my bank account. this is not a quickbooks issue but it just caused me a headache.
pretty bad. they will lie about the processing time for electronic payments. also, the customer services is the worst you will get. after waiting 30 minutes on the phone, you will get a representative with english as a 5th language. good luck.
. very user friendly
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
. i gave it 3 stars because it's ok. it serves its purpose. i'm now disturbed because my monthly fee was $9.99. the month of september  i was billed $19.99. why?? if this is the case...i'm deleting this app. now i feel as if you're stealing from me!
. capable app for your expenses and keeping tabs on accounts on the go.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
. awesome app
. i'm getting an error code when i try to click on mileage trips and assign them business or personal. works on desktop but not in phone. other than that it's easy to assign categories for transactions and separate business from personal.
. worthless, the accounting app never worked. it kept kicking me out.
mason electric. we use this app every day. phones, tablet, laptop all connected and really easy to use.
. we went from pro 2012 to the online version it easy and the android app works very well i can now run my business from under a fishing brolly if i want a day out,! updated, one thing that needs looking at is a ' restore' point i made a mistake and deleted a file with no back up available! can we have a back up please?
. intuit sucks! scamming company ran by non english speaking reps. bought simple start 2007 for 125.00 with online access ,etc. in 2010 they ended all support for this software. that is shady. they promise you all these free services and then years later a foreigner informs you that all support has ended. to better serve there newer products. they suck.
great app. so easy for me to bill from anywhere.
decent. not as full featured as website
. disappointed...like horribly disappointed! this was supposed to make my life easier but instead i lost multiple hours either trying to figure the desktop version out to then trying the app and the tax rate were getting doubled...while chatting with help desk to be told that it would get fix a week after still didn't fix. uninstalled to try to start fresh to realize the price had gone up! chatted again with customer service to be told someone would contact me within 2 hours...still waiting!
small business asset. easy way to keep track off all those expenses, invoices, payments etc for a small business owner with little time to spend on administrative stuff.
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
". apps for ordering pizza are more useful. a company like intuit putting out an app with such limited features is unexcusable. fan of qb online, this ""app"" is a waste of space."
what a great app!!. it's easy to understand and use, just as easy as it is online. have had no problems so far 👍
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
need ability to accept and categorize bank transactions. an app is supposed to make our lives better. all the bells and whistles in the world to date on qb app don't help if i can't sync my bank and credit card transactions while on the go. can't this be prioritized? surely i'm not the only user who needs to clear my banking transactions and relies on that for expense side.
awesome app!. great software, well written and updated regularly, moves seamlessly between phone ipad and desktop
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
. fantastic app! so easy to use and send invoices in seconds. love it!
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue
awesome app!. started my business with the start of this app since i'm a mobile mechanic and it's awesome to do quotes and invoices on the fly makes it easier to keep customers
improvements need to be in desktop version too. happy to have amount remaining automatically calculated in expense entries when splitting items between multiple categories! the online desktop version used to have this feature as well but went way with a recent upgrade, add it back please
login error. upgraded to an s7 and cannot login. i need the mobile app for my business!
easy and super user friendly. first time user of this type of app but it was easy to set up. sent out my first invoice after 1hr already.
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
no app support for time activity. come on quickbooks! no time activity entry in the app?! ridiculous!
. does what it says it does, i couldn't expect more!
. why this app is not in french ???
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
. excelent software for small business!
almost great. this app would be better if it had a little more functionality. i would love to be able to upload photos to invoices or even send an invoice from the app. i find myself not really using the app very much because it does not have full functionality. it would be nice if qb could mirror their web based app.
creating an account is a joke and does not work.. creating an account is a joke and does not work despite entering all information correctly. uninstalled!
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
app glitch. other than the recent app glitch all is good.
mixed bag and ball and chain. a great improvement over the years but the system breaks down at the worst times. today(friday) could not access any of the program for 4 hours. no invoices. no purchase orders. yikes!! when it works, it works well.
great small business tool. great for sending invoices, tracking due invoices, and emailing with document or pic attachments. cut out a good deal of my paperwork.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
multiple crashes. multiple crashes when trying to add expenses on the iphone.
. i love the freedom that qbook gives me with the online version i can work at any place out side of the office.. also update are free and there free support team are the best. thanks so much qbook for be there for my business and me..
office assistant. i am still a huge fan of the desktop version! the one great thing about the qbo is the online feature! it still needs improvements. if you have multi companies you have to pay individual packages for each company and log out to be able to log on the other. there is no switch between companies feature on the phone app like on the desktop and the full qbo site.
terrible app...... terrible app it does not work. since last update👿
phillip of cgc. great app
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
crashing on ios13 please update asap!. crashing on ios13 please update asap!
good app. good app more functionaly could be added
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
. app runs extremely slowly and often won't even open. it freezes almost constantly. using a galaxy s8 phone.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
. have not upgraded since 2006, this app is great. i am not tied to the office for alot of tasks that used to only be done in the evening.
please update. please update app or bring previous version constantly downloading customer data that takes forever and then get errors please fix quick
great app. easy to use and very helpful
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
. great app for my business, and very simple for first timers
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
app isn’t working now. please advise. it has stopped working. i click on the app and it automatically closes. new iphone today should work unless not compatible with ios13.
. great app.
search. the search feature needs improvement. can only search by customer info. can’t seem to search for an invoice by keywords that are in the invoice.
. it collects all your information first then it tells you it's paid app.
mobile app yes. i love being able to use the mobile app for quickbooks. you can't do everything you can online but it's great being able to knockout some tasks on the fly and i can show results in an instant, which is a good motivator.
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
great for business. it's great that you can send invoices from phone. it would be even greater if it had a deposit feature. that way when you're at the bank you can just look on the app and see and check off your deposits from undeposited funds.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your laptop or desktop.
. nothing but problems  continuous billing issues for 3 months so i cancelled. far from having a month free and paying £6mth for the past 2 months, i have paid over £45. really frustrated with quickbooks. i will be looking for an alternative.
great app always adding new features. great app always adding new features.!
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
. needs to be updated equivalent to iphone app just switched to an android phone from an iphone. the iphone version was just updated with more features. this app needs to be updated as well. looking forward to the next release.
. great app! very affordable. quick to uload and edit inventory items.
. every invoice i have done since the beginning of 2017 says 90 plus days past due
app freezes. since updating my iphone to 13.0 the quickbooks app freezes once it opens. at this point it is completely useless.
good but could be better. overall quickbooks online is a reliable usable and productive app. it continues to lack obvious things like an ap screen on the landing page and better shortcuts to accounts. but it does the job well.
. partial capability cant load expenses in the droid version but can on the apple version. expense management is important. a small thing that has a big impact. wouldnt take much to do and make it five stars.
disappointed. needs touch id for login, and bugs fixed for ios 8.
quick books. awsome app. helps when your always on the go.
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
pretty lame. seriously? the thing crashes a lot , but i can deal with that. the real problem for me is the lack of calendar in the invoice line item. i would love to use this, but if i can't put the date that i provided a service in my invoice, the it is useless to me. too bad safari doesn't work either, or i would just use that.
good deal. i appreciate this app. it helps me keep an eye on my business so i'm not always sitting in front of my laptop.
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
labor cost. the software has all the infrastructure for tracking labor cost to individual customers. why can’t intuit enable it so the cost can be applied from weekly timesheets to the job cost of individual customers?
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
meh. still not sure how quick books became the market leader and they have been resting on their laurels for years. the app is no exception. there are lots of improvements they could make but they are too lazy.
slow, complicated. can't do everything in app, also need the website open. have spent almost a week setting up. terrible. keeps crashing. awful.
amazing. all i can say is i used quick books desktop version older version, the online is amazing and the availability of this app and the notifications keeps me up to date on every aspect of my businesses
search. the search feature needs improvement. can only search by customer info. can’t seem to search for an invoice by keywords that are in the invoice.
. crashes on launch after signing in with fingerprint
. i am finally happy 99% with qb online quickbooks has finally added the ability to add expences through the android market. it is now, by far the easiest way to send out estimates, invoices and add expenses. i'm a contractor and it works perfect for what i do. well worth the $40.00 a month, trust me. ............
". we really like quickbooks online. it works nice but, the android phone and apple ipad apps still need some work. while functional in some things, overall app needs improved. we still use it, only when absolutely necessary, not a go to thing. my rating will change to 10 stars when  ""if"" they update these apps. but qb in general, love it!"
. useless if you can't filter invoices by #s. or actual date the job was done. all the invoices are jumbled and you can't find anything i have to know the exact invoice number which is not handy at all. the app is ok, but the invoice filters are a complete mess.
expensive. great program, easy to use and has lots of feature. at $20 month is pretty expensive for small small businesses.
. you need this app if your running a business
. app no longer loads. error returned from client
easy to use. love the online version. very easy to use. i love that i have all of my business information at my fingertips!!
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
owner. great app
. missing cpl of features like cheque writing, arap reports in mobile app.
paid for subscription but no access. apple says they sent the payment quickbooks says they never received it.... revolving door with neither party willing to help. pay directly through quickbooks if your going to buy.
love the videos  love the whole system. easy, intuitive, and so rich with features.
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
love new layout. love this app it allows me to create invoices and receipt on the go with tablet or phone
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
. just unistalled and reinstalled the app hopefully it is going to work. after doing over 70 invoices it stopped working dashboard showed blank 😕
. unique app
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. app is not working properly. suppliers details not showing in mobile app.
the best!. i can't live without my quick books app! better than paying hundreds of dollars for an accountant
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
pretty convenient!. i quite like being able to enter transactions on the fly. this app keeps me from procrastinating!
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
". checked this app out to see if it was good for my business. i was charged 7.99 for a ""free"" 30 day trial. decided it wasnt the right app for me. thanks for the 2 days i used it and was charged for. awesome!! (insert sarcasim here)"
so easy to do books on the go!. i cannot say enough about the convenience of the app. i use it as soon as i get paid to log payments on it novices and enter sales receipts. this app and hiring a bookkeeper have been the best financial tools for the success of my business!
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
. this app is the biggest piece of shut app i've ever used invoice asap is 10 times better yes it will connect with quick books but quick books on this app particularly online sucks dick i would rather have a disc version on my computer then online version whom ever came up with this version should have their hands chopped off
loved it. does exactly what you want. needs more access to desktop features but generally great app
can’t upload receipts. it’s incredibly ridiculous that you can’t upload receipts from anywhere but your photos app. what if you get emailed an invoice? nope can’t upload it!
roland shaw. far from a sorted system so for now not very happy
. amazing app
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
totally useless. as a long time quickbooks user i thought this might be for me. after many frustrating hours trying to figure it out and the seeming absence of help i’m just going to delete it and cancel my subscription. as i said a total waste of time
excellent app. moved from xero to qbo and couldn't be happier
no good color and texture of sreen. it hard to seen no c olor in photos
. i am totally dissatisfied with qb small business app and quickbooks in general. i'm also using an android and having the same syncing problem. i will be cancelling my subscription with quickbooks altogether and will be going with one of their competitors. it has been a waste of my time with all the phone calls with their technical support in the philippines who gave totally incorrect information about the issue which was clarified when i spoke to customer service in sydney.
. this app makes my life so much easier.
needs expenses  time functionality.. obvious missing functionality.
. revising my review from a 5 star to just 2 stars. i feel the android app provides very basic functionality. you cannot access the vendor data. any new products added will be default be considered as services, hence you cannot capture cost, inventory account, etc... it would be much helpful if you can access basic reports on the app too.
j’aime!. it’s a great app. i love it!
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
scam. not happy since day one. i got totally scammed. not very helpful but exceptionally good at taking your money. they can’t do anything technical and continually stuffed up my app so it was unusable. i’m now suspicious and worried as they have access to my finances and data. i will look at fair trading to report the company as i cannot get a refund either.
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
user role permission not supported. custom user role not supported on ipad. quickbooks recommends you to use online but the invoice interface is “blowout from screen” in chrome and safari and no available signature from customer. its annoying to use it online. this happens, at least, when the user have custom role, just permission for sales for instance.
best app ever!. this app makes it easy to do all the things i need to do for my business. it allows for flexibility and mobility which is needed in a business like mine.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
major flaw  can’t add receipts to expenses. no dropbox or photo option. they advertise this system as super easy and convenient. you can’t add receipts from photos or dropbox. that makes the ‘add attachment ‘ pretty much pointless. i take a picture of an expense receipt but 0 way of adding it ... seriously. who designed this app.???
wow!. really cool app! it's linked on all my device! i can make invoices on my phone and send it to my clients directly from email! cool stuff!
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
good but frustrating.. no access to vendor information or purchase orders on an iphone or ipad. have complained about this for nearly 2 years. falling on deaf ears. they agree that it would make sense but there is no one that gives a *%!£ to do anything.
. muito bom app!
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
loopy. i tie to sign in and it returns me to sign in again. i even reset my password still doesn't work. it loops back ! crap
love tracking expenses.. being able to expenses right at the gas pump just makes sense. taking photos of receipts just makes things easier i wish i would've left the desktop app a while ago.
same as other free app. wave does the same and it's free... once it's finish my period i am out.
emailing. emailing invoices is not operating today!
so far i have enjoyed the freedom from sitting at my computer. i can make estimates send invoices and do my banking right on my phone anytime anyplace.. sweet app
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
my expectations of quick books.. i would expect the quick books would gave been able to give me a complete overview of my accounts and businesses. e.g. i can't find anywhere in the program where i can print my company's balance sheet or my company's profit and loss accounts, to name a few. why is this so?
working great. have been using qb for about a year now. has been a great tool for an on the go company like mine. now with the self employed online platform, i might switch up. still looking at which will serve me best. overall great product and customer support gets an a.
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
. nice accounting apps.. very usefull..
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
capturing expenses? approving transactions?. really nothing no support for the consultant on the go? why can't i shoot a picture of a receipt put a dollar value a catagory and a note and have it either for review or added to my expenses. what about my transaction list i can't see the same information from the full website here at all. throw us a bone man....
great for invoices on the go. being able to do estimates and have it linked with the office is great.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
seles. how’s this quicker, how do you add vat, i was quite happy doing an invoice on my own heading paper, which looked professional, not like this useless thing that has cost more account fees 
. the app does everything i need it to and more.
capable. qbo mobile is quite useful for billing customers on site and checking some basic information.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix!
love it. well i love this app. i never thought bookkeeping could be this fun and easy. thanks for making the program
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue. it has now been a week and this is still an issue.
. very good online accounting software .please update with reports for android version.
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
. do not use unless you want to be on hold for over an hr and transferred multiple times. if you are a business owner and value your time go elsewhere
. i do invoices and print from my recliner. love this app. and sometimes generate estimates minutes after finishing my work before leaving the clients home. very convenient !!
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
invoice menu. filling in spaces for explaining what the invoices for not easy to apply.. design poorly.
awesome app. it's very user friendly and informative. i really like how easy it is to assign an expense category and the convenient display of the profit  loss feature.
kerrie. herc's girl
. so many times it's hard to save invoices, cause frustration, i'm sorry tanks
. idk but its very useful...
. great app except one thing... why is intuit nickel and dimming us for tools and apps. i can understand pay extra for using the payroll feature in the actual program but paying for an app is stupid. if they made this app free i would be will to bet sales for software and online versions would increase more than enough to pay for the app development and running costs. other than that, great app.
ipad perfect until ios 8.5. app hasn't worked since 8.5 update. have sent several request about the app crashing and no one has gotten back to me. i've deleted and redone loaded, rebooted ipad, etc. when not crashing it's a 5 star app. please fix asap!
easy to use. really like the app because i can keep up with accounting on the go for my business.
. like the app. interface is great. would like to see an charge option for customers, so i can tally up customer's account over the course of a month and bill at the end for my lawn care business.
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
. very easy to work with and always someone to help you if problems occur
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
. i am a quckbooks junky, but i have to agree with the comments. this app needs to link to quickbooks. it is useless. i love everything else qb does. i've used them for over 11 years. i really can't praise this company enough. super excited about the app for integrating affinity live!!!! just synced it.
quickly. quickbooks online is ready to use. i write invoices and email the customer a copy immediately. thanks quickbooks for being so easy to use.
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
. doesn't work with asus android 7.0. i received a reply from quickbooks about this review but i never received a reply from the phone call that i did. they said that they will contact me in 48 hours, this was more than a week ago. i send an email today to the email that they gave me today, let see how long they will reply me with some kind of solution. i will keep this post actualized.
. its a great app.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
doesn't sync open bills or invoices. it doesn't show any of my current or closed bills that have been entered for vendors.
nice on the go. great way to keep up with business on the go. makes it nice and easy to get information for decision making while away. simple to use
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
. awful software!! support is ridiculous. 6 month of transactions went missing. now have to buy software for $80 to convert pdf to qbo files and upload manualy. what a mess. try something else, not trust worthy.
. great app love that i can use it anywhere i need.
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
quickbooks. it's great for making estimatesinvoices tracking inventory. .only problem i have found is it prints out like a letter that could be a setting i have missed, would like for the print out to actually look like a billinvoice
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
touch id fail. qb  please fix the touch id feature. it's useless.
. works good for me in the field! i am grateful to have this free mobile app.
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
quickbooks app. does not work well. needs a lot of improvements. each time i back up my files i end of with multiple copies on my ipad. have called several times and each time they blame the app developer which i have contacted but never heard back from them. poor program that needs fixing to get it up to good standards. do not recommend until they fix problems.
a1 app. i love this app ! i'm using it all day !
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
very weak. i have been a quickbooks user for years but the app is just weak. employee transactions are not possible and reports are minimal. i consider these critical aspects of good accounting software and they almost do not exist in the app. i don’t need an app to write an invoice or figure out that someone owes me money. however, keeping track of my reporting to the government and paying employees is critical and these do not exist in the app.
easy to use. i love my quickbooks app. this is the first year my taxes will be done on time because i didn't have to spend hours at desk!
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!! oh, and the link for support is dead... come on folks, gimme a chance here!!"
. great app. no issues
. it's a decent app. not quite a full model with some basics left out. also, they need to make it available for kindle.
. very slow to load and often locks up.
. very easy and fun to use. i had to check it out before i buy it. well worth it
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
needs improvement. i just started using this app while traveling. it doesn’t compare to the site on my pc. very unfriendly and difficult to impossible to bring up to date.much incomplete data. need to go to work on this one of its to be useful.
perfect for a small consulting firm. this app is everything i need for my consulting firm. easy to use and easy to keep track of expenses on the road. invoicing is a breeze. love the data in the cloud. take a pic and throw away those receipts! works flawlessly between my pc, mac, ipad and iphone. only gripe is the ipad & phone versions are not as similar as one would expect.
touch id. the app works well once you've signed in, but the touch id still isn't working properly. you have to sign in manually first. then, it allows you to switch between apps using touch id to sign back in for a while. however, if you sign out completely, it appears you can't use touch id to sign back in again. i thought the whole purpose of touch id was to avoid having to enter your password each time and to increase security.
rubbish. doesn't work. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. deleted. no support from customer service
. very easily can invoice on the go
. whats the cost after free trial
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
. nice app
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
makes books much easier to keep updated. this is a powerful combination of mobile, camera, and bookkeeping. much easier than relying on the desktop.
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
it's broke :(. wonderful app, latest update has caused many issues, including signing in with fingerprint or app code. have to do a full sign in each time with email and loooooong password. hope they can fix soon! 😩😖😤
excellent program. track my records
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
great as an on the go app. we find the app ideal used as a reference for clients address contact details, quick invoicing whilst on site and a generally speedy server. works for us using the desktop as the main hub.
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
class. i can't seem to use classes in the app. i have them through the web version, but here i can't filter in the report. please add
majestique. excellent app. does everything it says. company financial is tracked better onthego.
logo. this is a great mobile app but i wish you could put your own logo on the invoices.
glitchy and they keep raising prices. constantly crashing, both the ios app and the mac version. and they just raised the price to $60month. not worth it.
. amazing app, i literally use it everyday. you need this app if you have your own business.
timed out....... worked for 2 hours on typing big estimate, session timed out, lost everything, how is this able to happen? we send people to the moon in 1969 yet we can’t safeguardprevent this app from wasting hard work and precious time. it’s the first time i thought i could throw my ipad into the next county. fix this stupidity
. dashboard is broken!! loads but shows up blank. i can see things in the activity page but everything else doesn't work!! please fix this. i'm running android 10
great app. been with quickbooks for two years now and still really impressed very easy to use and works across all platforms would strongly recommend
a good portable quickbooks app. the app has most of the important features, is easy to use, and is certainly a better option than trying to use the quickbooks online on an iphone. it is not a complete substitute as there are several features not available on the app,but it does allow recording time and expenses while on the road and even allows checking on and updating bank balances.
ouickbooks. setting up this quickbooks app is a joke , the system does not work and customer support has an attitude that is not willing to help!
great app. with a little practice i'm happy to pay.
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
. i would like to tell everyone who reads this that my small company and i were victims of a fraud through this app and they did nothing to help me and at this moment they put my company in collection !! in addition this is not a good app!!!!!! 🤬🤬🤬🤬
. since i have gotten this app it's made my life a whole lot better .
consider other programs.... purchased quickbooks for the fact it is easy to photograph receipts and upload, which worked for about 2 weeks and now always comes up with a error.... tried reinstalling etc, still doesn’t work. useless.
no way to categorize transactions. no way to access bankcredit card accounts to categorize transactions. what's the point of having the profitloss tab if that's the case??
it gets even easier. i was horrified when i heard tax going digital but quickly got the hang of quick books and amazed it even tries to match things . brilliant
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
. they billed my account even though i ended my subscription and was told i would not be billed!!! 😡😠
great app. i have been using quickbooks for about a year now. it's has been a major asset to my business. it made filing my taxes quick and easy too.
. think it is great to a point. having trouble posting a sales receipt. can't get to my comp. wanting and needing more.
. quickbooks online has been great, downloaded this app to make life quicker when not in the office. however, for expenses i have found it unusable as the same payment methods i am using online are not available on the app and therefore it messes up the consistency of my transactions. very disappointed as had high hopes, have yet to test the differences whilst invoicing.
. made my job very easier. thanks
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
. doesn't seem to let me login with my google account as i do on the website. not sure how i should login in this case.
. awesome app use it everyday on the go.
in sync. i would give it a 5 if the ipad and android versions were synced faster and had the same features.
. horrible. difficulty in getting customer service rep. when asked to speak to a manager she continued to argue. not easy to speak to a rep. i signed in and went thru steps to set up quick books it didn't like my information to deposit money. horrible and don't advise wasting money. sat on hold for a manager for an extremely long time more than 15 minutes.
. i am really happy by the way it helps me keep track of my expenses and consumption taxes. one thing i would like to see on the mobile app is being able to view your taxes, same as you can on the desktop version.
. every invoice i have done since the beginning of 2017 says 90 plus days past due
. horrendous software. awkward to use, not intuitive. massive outage when i have a ton of work to get done for my client's vat return.
quickbooks. i have been using quickbooks for about 3 years. i use the ipad version and the quickbooks online version. it does almost everything i would need it to do. i am really liking this last update.
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
why isn't app as easy to use as actual online. the online version is so much easier to navigate. i don't like that the app and the online version have things in different places. it makes it much harder to locate things. i would rather have one streamlined version to use on all devices.
easy to use. for someone like me who finds accounting excruciatingly painful, it's great!
. all selfemploy business need a quickbook to hepl delivered business closure with your busines transaction .
simply doesn't work. my companies all use qb online. i access it via browser almost daily. this app routes me to an advertisement to switch to qb online, even if i use the admin credentials. i'll assume it's something with all of my accounts and not a shameless advertising plug.
. great app to stay up with your buisness great app
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
junk.. not great. doesn't support photos. i guess thats to be expected from intuit. always a little behind the game. don't bother with support either they are worse. i have had my ipad cleared twice by their support. inventory and all. wonder why the go payments cant work like an invoicing system. talk about the blind leading the blind!
love this app!!!. it's come a long ways in being user friendly. i do wish you could have the access and control you have from your desktop to at least review your reports. see your registers.
description is misleading. there is no way to enter or see expenses in this app and of course no way to attach receipt pictures to these expenses. you can enter expenses using computer and attach picture of receipt there, but not in this app. if you need a plug in to do that, why not to say so? or just remove missing components from description.
. crashes every time. hasn't opened successfully once. tried reinstalling and restarting tablet.
great app. easy to use. love the 4 digit log in option.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
using new app for a week more problems longer i use it. really unhappy  i am missing data and receiving error messages and my only option for assistance is to use a form. am completely disappointed in quickbooks. limited functionality! come on intuit can't do any better than this and keep up with the times i have to use a computer or laptop to get full functionality?!
. this app has been helping me manage my business much better than before
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
. everytime wont open says error etc etc
love!!. the quickbooks app is absolutely perfect! when handling business on the go and clients are making payments, i can easily create an invoice andor sales receipt. makes my job easier. it tracks all of our business expenses, profits and losses. this is great!
little disappointed. qb on the cloud is a great idea and that's why i'm using it. however  wouldn't it be nice if the mobile version dis half what the desktop version does. i use mint for my personal finances and for a free service their app does it all. qb please get some programmers to get this app fully functional! i understand that you may not include every function but expenses??? that's something i expected to be able to do on the road.
refund made impossible. i’ve been making payment on this stupid app not using it at all. there’s no easy way to refund or unsubscribe this stupid app. who do i bring the attention to since quickbook site says they have nothing to do with the billing and subscription?
. very handy makes office life so much easier when having to do things on the run
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
. this program will not let me separate my inactive accounts from my active accounts. also navigation is not intuitive to me.
best financial app for nonfinance people. the most user friendly, cutting edge, accessible and collaborative financial app you can find which is affordable and does the job with least amount of financial knowledge.
"great app. android sg5 needs (negative) """" option when editing the amount entry on invoices."
waste of space. all we want to do is access quick books online via our ipads. this app is worthless. as my business continues to grow we will obviously be looking for a software provider that listens to clients instead of putting out disappointments like this. save the space on your ipad and don't bother.
great app. love it. very intuitive!
. i was scared to switch from spreadsheets to quickbooks because i thought it would be hard to use. it's not. it makes everything easier. it also made me realize my spreadsheets were way off. a good investment for small business owners.
. very slow and not convenient as current fast trend requirements....it's waste of money..i really suggest for zoho..very good..very fast ....best service and users convenient... still after your review, i'll suggest for zoho because of there are many function which is available on handly face which is many time i was given suggestion to quick books team but there was nothing improvement and after waiting so much time, i'll go for zoho which is too much easy to made my business. not given refund
invoice. the only thing i don’t like is you can’t easily adjust invoices.
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
are you kidding me?. do i really have to download my company data every time i write an invoice or add an expense?! i have a feeling you are going to lose a lot of customers if you don't change it back to how it used to work. very dissatisfied with how long it takes to download company data.
quickbooks. great accounting app, been using quickbooks for years now and it keeps getting better. i would be lost without it. so easy to use with great tutorials. i'd highly recommend.
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
bad update. each time i go to use the app i have to fully log in, choose what company info i want and have it reload everything. in the past i used to use my fingerprint scanner or a 4 digit code. needs to be fixed.
. good app
worst app update. after updating the recently, app is crashing. unable to login
crashes every time. when app is installed i can log in to my account. then the app says « downloading data » and when download is complete it crashes. if i open it again (so still logged in), i cant even get past the launch screen.
former intuit betatester. i love this program and like to see how far intuit has come these past few years...you may think i am biased, however, i use the program and love it...keep up the good work all. addendum: it is my pleasure to help with a program that i helped to take from a boxed prgm to a widely used online tool. you are most welcome. i will try to help and make suggestions as necessary.
logo. this is a great mobile app but i wish you could put your own logo on the invoices.
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer service (james refusing a last name or initial from customer care) experience, nothing resolved. no response from error logs. called and even gave control of my computer. never did intuit offer any fix. ongoing issues over 6 months damaging my business.
. so far this app is working very well for me and i have not had any problems as of yet
awsome software. that is a great app but still far away from the desktop program .... limited access for a lot futures it's ok but not wow for the yearly cost
reduced feature set. previous version:the feature set of the web based app is not matched. (previous mentioned currency and time records). update: removed a lot of preexisting functionality and did not add any missing functions. much worse than before. cannot find a list of invoices due to a supplier. clicking on a particular supplier brings up only the address particulars.
efficient. makes my life a lot easier i can create invoices. customers can pay their bill right in front of me what i sent them to the email. can’t get no better than that
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
glitchy. only problem is if you’re doing a live estimate or invoice, if your screen goes idle this app makes you log in again and you lose all the information you’ve typed in. super annoying especially when you’re measuring out a house or doing a walk through with a client and entering information as you go.
. great app
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
. the desktop app is great, the mobile android one is bad, it freezes all thr time, crashes, doesn't work.
. good reliable app
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
transactions import. major problem is transactions import . i spent a week looking for the right tool that is compatible with qbo. then i discovered that it will not import because my country that is registered in my account is not usa!!! why qbo doesn't have import transactions feature same as customer import
quickbooks online. there are a few little glitches between phone tablet and desktop but all in all it's a great program saves time works really well for customers send an email to confirm payment is nice adding a customer in your phone does not work but as long as i use the administrator adding names as i go it works well in the field
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go but would love to have the actual versus budget comparison on the dashboard instead of having to bring up a report.
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
. love this app, keeps track of all my expenses and payments from clients. easiest way to do estimates and invoices as well.
basic app. app functions are extremely limited, and i can't use qb web on any browser on ios devices (ipadipad pro 12.9iphone 7plus) as all browsers including safari, chrome and dolphin run in zoomed mode when want to enter invoice, payments, receipts and bills or even check reports and make unusable.
need customer signature. please provide customer signature for android like you guys did for ipad...
. great app, should let you see vendors as well
categorize expense. useful. would be better if it can scan the photo and also categorize expenses.
touchid times out. unfortunately the touchid authentication doesn't work as you'd expect. the app constantly asks for you to enter a password even with it enabled.
happy and safe. at last. an easy to use app that work well for fast quoting and invoicing while on the go. my b2b clients are very impressed on how fast my quotesinvoices come in. it's a great selling point to my business.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
. the app worked great before, it had some minor issues here or there but now it is horrible. when i try to add an expense it only shows me 4 of my vendors and the only account i can assign is the cogs account. now i have to save all my receipts and remember to enter them when i get back to the office. what a pain. yes, my desktop app works just fine. please fix the issue, i loved the functionality before.
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
easy to use. makes accountingonthego very easy for our business. also is very easy to understand how to enterprocess all information.
. is a great app to have downside is it tends to not load half the time. i have uninstalled and reinstalled and it continues to have an issue with loading.
. i'm getting sick of this app real fast it comes tr manly crashes i try calling the 1800 number and nothing
. easy to use and helps greatly with tracking expenses and staying on track.
. think it is great to a point. having trouble posting a sales receipt. can't get to my comp. wanting and needing more.
unable to sign in.... same issue many users are having with the latest update, i can no longer sign into my account with the app.
. very excited with qb, it become a breeze to navigate, and make my business very organized. love it.
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
even worse after last update. didn't think the time loading could get any worse. i was wrong. ap is pretty much useless while with a customer. everything takes forever to load. need to sign in every. single. time. then you click out of the ap and right back in and it makes you use the touch id. super sucky. i very much dislike, yet i need to use it everyday. ugggggggg.
. very useful app
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
update crashed. i have all of my quickbooks point of sale ipads that cannot open the app since the update! we have all had to resort to computers and phones to run our business! you may want to consider this before you join up with quickbooks! they are notorious for problems relating to their quickbooks online.
perfect for a small consulting firm. this app is everything i need for my consulting firm. easy to use and easy to keep track of expenses on the road. invoicing is a breeze. love the data in the cloud. take a pic and throw away those receipts! works flawlessly between my pc, mac, ipad and iphone. only gripe is the ipad & phone versions are not as similar as one would expect.
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
bad customer services to cancel. struggling to get the right information on how to cancel before getting charged as i'm using other software now. been contacted twice with the wrong info.
. easy to use. does what i need it to do
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
quickbooks online. i wish the app was easier and more full functional but then the whole online product is sorely lacking relative to the old offline product. saas makes such a difference for smbs but intuit has missed the boat on the cloudbased solution. ugh!!
. great ape i like it i can manage my customers from anywhere,good ape
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
. it sucks if you have credit problems you can't link bank and get payment they don't say that anywhere though do they
qb app. great to have this access.and it works !
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
good but lacks key feature. i love everything about this app for running my business, but they have not added the ability for a customer to enter a tip at the signing screen when paying with a card. i've requested the feature multiple times over the past year with no response from quickbooks. this is a key feature that is present in every other card reader app.
easy for newbie. started out with the desktop version of qb and migrated to the qbo platform. so much better for me and easy to use now. i can send a quote from my phone and then invoice once the job is complete which for a lazy guy like me keeps me on tasks done billing times quicker. highly recommended
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
. the app has no way to change to accural from cash basis
great for small business. i run a small business mostly through through etsy. this is a great program to keep track of finances. the only thing i wish is it would integrate paypal here payments like it does square. it would be amazing if it could do the same with etsy. alas, i have to type them in by hand. i love the integrate on my iphone, ipad and macbook. it is very streamlined.
great app!. just need the ability to take a photo of a receipt and upload it and then it'll be 5 stars (i understand this is something that the online application is lacking as well)
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
excellent app for small business!. i have to say that i have ised several versions of quickbooks however; the quickbooks online is the best yet!
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
always crashes and says critical updates are needed.. constantly crashing. new photo software sucks. can barely recognize the edge of a receipt against a black backround. have to edit every single photo.
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app
. please add support for whattsup business app
. don't fill up your information for free trial it's easy to set up for free trial. they doesn't have options in app for unsubscribe your free trial. you have to reach them every day for unsubscribe your free trial. if you not satisfied from app then start call them before 5days, they will not answer your call till your free trial not get expired. be careful before you sign up.
. great software for small businesses.
. i am downloading this app but downloading is very slow. happening only with this app.
awful, just awful. doesn't even show taxes or vat, you have to log on with a desktop browser for that. wish i’d signed up for another accounting app.
great app. great on the go accounting application
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
. fantastic app! so easy to use and send invoices in seconds. love it!
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
terrible app. this app is not even close to what you expect it does not do what your quick books does. there is no way to change product descriptions without having to rewrite the whole item. it does not link to quick books in trial mode and not sure if i want to pay for this service. bottom line this is not what you would expect i think they are still working the bugs out buy some other app.
works good for me. i use quick books to invoice, put in costs, and see roughly how the company is doing financially. easy to use. i read all reviews but some are not liking it while others do. depends on what your using it for. simple and easy that's what i like.
. would love to be able to access payroll on the app
. i wrote you before, i have uninstalled app.. i have a android.. app wont open says.. experiencing techinical difficulties temporarily unavailable..
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
. good app
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
app glitches. i get an error message 6000 every time i try to add a customer, payment, or any new information. basically it's not functioning, i have to use the desktop version.
this has helped me have a life. without this software i would be buried in paperwork . it helps me stay organized. i have been using one version or another since 2003. thank you
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
please fix it. is freezing and scratching often
handy. the mobile app is very convenient for entering expenses on the go. you can add photos of receipts and create new customers and suppliers easily. profit & loss and balance sheet function gives you a quick snapshot of your business. overall, the app is quite handy to use for small businesses.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
. this app really is useless. i'm having to manually input all of my banking transactions because it never feeds in the real time info as it should. the layout is counter intuitive and frustrating to use. it's like they've made the app but never done any testing or had any feedback on how they can improve it and make it user friendly. my books are an incoherent mess at the moment, this app is supposed to make things easier but it's awful.
mr. brilliant accountancy software,simple to use in the office or on the go.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. how did this pass quality control?
awesome product for small business!!. unbelievably convenient! from my imac, to my tablet, to my phone i can access, enter payment, send an estimate, or invoice, etc and it’s all connected because i have online quickbooks. hint: go they intuit directly! itunes was charging me an extra $5 a month. $19.99 a month they intuit and worth every penny!! biggest time saver + unsurpassed professionalism to my customers and speed of connectivity!!
. very good program, other than the price has went up 3 times this year.........getting expensive.......started at $12 a month and now at $25
invoices and estimates design. the design and layout of the invoices and estimates templates are outdated. seems like a small thing, but it reflects poorly on a business’ brand, and it is so easily fixed on your end. hire a professional designer and give clients a template that says quickbooks cares about our brand too.
convenient but you pay for it. this app is really handy but they jack the prices up on you once you’ve gone through all the hassle of inputting your info. they know you won’t probably mess with changing programs once you’ve wasted all that time and energy. it is nice to use, however.
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
useless. useless. confusing and incomprehensible.
so far so good. so far it does everything i want it to do. if you're looking for an easy to handle app that keeps u up to date look no further.
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
. i like the simplicity of the app.
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
all but useless. i love qbo but the app is useless. it’s like a completely separate universe where nothing shows up as set up in qbo. reports are limited and custom reports aren’t there. i can’t see something basic like checkbook register.
really loved it. sweet program. :)
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
refund made impossible. i’ve been making payment on this stupid app not using it at all. there’s no easy way to refund or unsubscribe this stupid app. who do i bring the attention to since quickbook site says they have nothing to do with the billing and subscription?
great app. allows me to enter expenses right away.
pro advisor. the training videos and exam are not opening on my ipad. apparently doesn’t work with safari. i have tried everything possible in my settings.
quick books online. good for customer data base. good for invoicing and receiving payments. fair at tracking expenses. near useless as an accurate or bookkeeping tool when linked to a bank account. so many obscure and poorly explained manual actions required that error is easy to introduce and tech support usually makes things worse. one may as use good old fashioned paper ledgers and a calculator. don't trust it with your numbers!
a1 app. i love this app ! i'm using it all day !
. sometimes glitchy. some days it works some days it doesnt but overall worth ther money becasue the website always works
stopped working after the update. this was working great until the software update last week. now i end up creating multiple copies of invoices and estimates and the app just freezes on the saving screen. i can only finish off by logging in through a web browser and completing the task. please fix this fast intuit!
. awesome app
. it's nice to have access to qbo account if computer is not available. 4 star due to some functions available thru online but not in the app. i am a qboa user and a pro advisor.
mixed bag and ball and chain. a great improvement over the years but the system breaks down at the worst times. today(friday) could not access any of the program for 4 hours. no invoices. no purchase orders. yikes!! when it works, it works well.
very easy to use. this app is extremely easy to use and very helpful.
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
. it was introduced by friend. i want to purchase and before that i want to have trial. i couldn't find inventory management there, there is no purchase entry. without entering purchase how can run a trading business?.
great app. the app is easier to use than the online version on a laptop. well done.
. it keeps things simple for us.
. desktop site works great, mobile site is trash and i can't even log into my account through app. says i don't have an account? okkkkk. tried reinstalling but no dice. i'll stick with the desktop site thanks
. very cool for our business great app helps put us a step ahead of the competition and print an estimate on the spot from our truck selling the job automatically.
needs timesheet support. price went up 100 a year and still no timesheet support outside of desktop app
accept button. accept button in banking is not working after update
i love this app. i love been able to do my work on the go, and quick book helps me do that
. halimuzzaman syed. islami bank ltd bangladesh.
. worst app ever. unsubscribed after week as the app wasn't what i needed. charged anyway after unsubscribe. tried to reach customer service by chat, the chat keeps disappearing until the moment that doesn't work at all. horrible
. its great experience
no bills. has great functions except cannot enter billsinvoices from vendors.
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
ease of use. being able to utilize the app on mobile has made billing my customers so much easier for my transport company. editing and immediately sending invoices for quick pay is a great option as well. i've been a quickbooks user for 20 years now and will likely not stop anytime soon.
do it if you can get it to work. i loved the mobil app but intuit doesn't support it any longer. they want you to do the $54.00month hosting instead. i called twice today to try to get this app working and they said it wasn't their app. if you can get this to sync with you qb software, go for it.
. it's been years and the login still fails 80% of the time. have to clear data in the app just to login. it's a nightmare.
. good app, making it easier for me to work on the road.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. not sure why i pay $16 a month for this app when it only works 60% of the time. please get the bugs worked out or i will have find another company to run my business with. cant access my account on tablet, cant save invoice or estimate on s8. please fix.
convenient and efficient. this app allows me to create invoices and collect for my plumbing services in the field and takes care of the book keeping simultaneously! i can also email the invoice to my customer instantly, which my customers seem to appreciate.
easy here, hard there. you can tell this is more for business that need to create invoices more than purchase orders. desktop as well. i’ll give 4 stars when they add a po feature to the app.
terrible. bank wont link and keeps failing, sending invoices and not getting paid as emails are not being received by clients i'm off to get invoice2go see how that goes i don't have this time for all this mess around
easy to use. good layout but would be really useful if the suppliers element was added
just too expensive.... i run a small business and can't afford the monthly dues of qbo. hoping they come up with a more competitive product at some point...
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
easy to navigate. mobile freedom. makes it super easy to stay on top of business while always on the go.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
no way to select india as a country. hello i am using iphone xs .. i downloaded ur app .. i am not able to select india as the country.. what seems to be the problem ?
fantastic software !. this has made my life a whole lot easier. invoice and estimates on the go. i really feel in control of my accounts.
. like others have stated, this was a great app until the last update. after a few tweaks the app is up & running fine now. every so often it will ask for me to log on again even though i just used it. other than that it works fine.
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
"didn't want to give in but i did lol. i didn't want to get quickbooks for our small business but finally did. i'm glad i did because now i don't have to go through each invoice ""old school""."
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
no support from quickbooks is brutal. there's no support options provided from quickbooks directly. that's a very poor customer experience, especially when paying $100s per year for this platform. the online community is somewhat helpful, but you're relying on contributions from other random users being accurate, which they may not be. please step up, quickbooks.
easy to use. maybe better than the desktop app...
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
the app was a wast of memory on my phone. and the generic responses to past posts make it worse. sorry, your app is giving you a bad rep..
. lot of functionality easier than web or desktop app.
not bad. pretty nice app. went from desktop manufacturing to quickbooks online. i like having access to my books while at craft fairs and being able to use different devices. still needs some work  it's been weeks and my gopayment account is still not linked and now find out the online doesn't acceptrecognize the chip reader. square app is more robust and may use that instead. also would be helpful to have a mileage tracker.
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
makes life a lot easier. thankyou. quick books
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
. not at all professional, still there is lots of bugs and team behind is not able to resolve the issues we are reporting
. really friendly and useful
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
is an average app. is a good app but with all these update is confusing my customers and sometimes they can't pay online. i can't access it from my phone. it's in and off so be warned!!
quickbooks mobile app. i love the flexibility this app offers. it's a huge step and my personal goal to become paperless while giving me the ability to bill on site.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
ok but.... qb is ok. major flaw however when trying to look at a customer's order history. the list of invoices does not show the memo so you can tell what item the invoice is for. this is a serious problem.
. this app makes my life so much easier
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
great book keeping app. use this app with the online version at home. very happy with it indeed. support could be a little better. but support is adequate. been using it for a couple of years and i'm very pleased.
improve inventory management. very good software quickbook .. we are the manufacturer and we want to manage inventory of the raw material also ... when we sell a product then the raw material should be automatically deducted... otherwise very good sofware
what a joke. downloaded this app so i could pay employees and taxes on time without having to be at my computer and i can't do either, i have to be in front of my computer to do both. i don't understand why it's not allowed on mobile app.
asim hussain. loved the life
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
barely useable. it's a great idea, but too many features of the online version are not accessible on the app. perhaps the qb folks are working on upgrades
this might be 5 stars. the only thing... only thing!!! using square through the app .. or somehow sync invoices so they reflect in qb. if there is a way to do that then this is 5 stars!!
nearly as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices
how can a customer approve an estimate??. why do you have the electronic signature function available for the ipad and not android?? it defeats the purpose of having a tablet on the job site. i may as well stick with my 3 part form.
almost perfect. just missing two things, send invoices by text, fax, edit or view notes online
quickbook. on trial will notify later
not working. great app when it works which is 1% of the time between it crashing and freezing i cringe every time i have to use it on the road
quickbooks online. fantastic easy way to invoice and keep in touch with customers on the go
app glitch. other than the recent app glitch all is good.
. update has not fixed this issue! why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
great app. works great for invoicing or estimating on the go. 5 stars if it was completely synced to my laptop. sometimes i don't see estimates that were done in the office available to seeedit on the mobile app.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
. great app. very helpful.
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
broken app. latest update broke it. app will no longer launch and immediately crashes. now looking at alternatives.
. great product simple to use. great price. one less headache!
. for billing trying to learn
just started with it.. can i attach a file to an invoice that i create with the app? i don’t see the option and we need to be able to do this or this appprogram won’t work for us.
great app. helps me keep everything straight with my business when i'm on the go.
nice tool. i like this tool a lot but it could use more links. you need to add the ability to add to the time sheet service. i upgraded to use that on all my business phones on the field and low and behold support lied to me and said it was possible. so i upgraded and guess what it's not in the app.
gerald. tax . tax here applied is actually confusing as only sales tax is taken into account. it's as if purchases or expenses are not taxed. if you need to claim tax on purchases or expenses doesn't show anything. it's as if i do it manually or. how do i import quickbook intuit into quickbooks online. or why not merge some features in intuit to online. it's not only as you say to do invoice as you go but you can't account for your taxes.
great app...! (sabre rx). great app, really works well now that the new syc app with square has been released.
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
. error with signing up. can't sign up so i'll uninstall.
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
app not working since update. normally i'd give the app 45 stars but every time i log in now it says sign in successful but there is no online account associated with the email and to start a free trial. however when i login from safari, i get in no problem. please fix as i am unable to access data from my phone.
love this app!. i actually find this easier to use than the desktop version.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
are you kidding me?. do i really have to download my company data every time i write an invoice or add an expense?! i have a feeling you are going to lose a lot of customers if you don't change it back to how it used to work. very dissatisfied with how long it takes to download company data.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments. would be nice if inventory feature wasn't additional cost
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
. it doesn't load new transactions to review ever, even if you're days behind. kinda pointless unless you're trying to just use it for previous reports.
i love it. quickbooks makes so many things easier
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
. doesn't work with nexus 6p anymore either
nice app. best app for running a business from a tablet.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
"i can' t even register. ""server error "" i've sent emails and "" reported the issue"" but no response. i've used desktop quickbooks for years and was hoping to have the convenience of qbo on my phone. but now i think i'll just start looking for another online program"
it works well. only thing i didn't like and don't like about other great apps is the persistent pop ups asking for a review. i get it and all but people will review if they want to. great app though does everything i want it to and more. highly recommend to everyone out there.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
estimate layout. i like the way the app works, i have problems when i need to include a lot of info on the estimates. when i send it it leaves the first page blank and cuts of some of the info on the second page. overall great though!
. lo ove it. load expenses with receipt easily
capable. qbo mobile is quite useful for billing customers on site and checking some basic information.
really needs an easier login. since the last update, logging in is a huge pain. touch id rarely works.fix this.
. makes things sooo much easier and frees up time! no more sitting in front of a computer all day a couple times a month doing data entrybook keeping. very user friendly app and program. only thing i have to log on to do is mark and sort deposits on the sales end.
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
. origionally i wanted to use this app for easy application of spreadsheets and invoices, unfortunately when everything wasn't working out for me, i decided to pull the plug and cancel my subscription. unfortunately, it is hard to get a cancellation and stop the reoccurring payments and it has brought me here. i would recommend that you guys make it easier for others to manage your subscription accounts.
so convenient. i use this app for work all the time. it is so handy to have it on my phone when i leave the office.
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
"qué pasa?. la aplicación simplemente dejo de funcionar. óptimo el icono, ""abre"" y se cierra de inmediato. desinstalarlo e instalé, y el problema continúa. solucionen, es una herramienta de trabajo!"
. xcelent.
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
bad update. was close to perfect, or at least practical. since the last update, this app is useless to me. hoping this will change!
very easy and great!. i'm not a accountant but i found this app and the software great
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
doesn't work. omg i'm so frustrated with this app...now it doesn't work at all on my note 5 i've report the error so many times and no reply
an excellent tool for my onsite work!. for several years, i've used this app to instantly create invoices right at completion of the task. it never has let me down, and i walk out with payment!
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
lacking. app is seriously lacking in functionality. don’t buy quickbooks online unless you plan to do most of your work from a desktop. kind of defeats the purpose. way overpriced and they keep raising the price too :( wish i had stuck with the quickbooks pro platform.
suits me. so easy to use, perfect for my tiny business. don't need accounting skills the workflow has been designed very well and support is great.
. like the app. interface is great. would like to see an charge option for customers, so i can tally up customer's account over the course of a month and bill at the end for my lawn care business.
. this app sucks can not access anything very frustratung have to go to desktop on my phone its a nightmere going to look for something that actulay works from a moble device takes to much time fighting to use sucks
quick books for my phone. this app has made made me look more professional and helped me be a mobile office from one app. i love it!!
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
owner light it up. cannot login iphone 6s qb update will not download properly can't get into customer information what the cuss😡😡
excelente app. helpful tool
great app & program  must improve search engine. fantastic program with brilliant features. it does need some urgent fixes. one being to be able to search through an account such as cash sales and be able to find a name, address or phone number.
simple things just don’t work in this app.. now i can’t copy my password from my password safe into the quickbooks login. this means i will have to use a simple easy to use and less secure password. also, there is no way to enter check numbers into the bank transactions. this works fine on a mac and online but not in the ipad app. these simple problems make the ipad app almost useless.
2016 update is a headache. much improved after initial deterioration in poor updates. great software now. real time accounting is brilliant. l
pretty good but no international customers?. the vendors that are set up as eu or other don't show up on interface, a problem when half your business is international. also, entering invoices is cumbersome, only use for extreme circumstances. but nice to have something that partially functions when on the run.
worthless on ios13. out of all the apps i have, this is the only one that wasn’t ready for ios13. it was worthless during the entire public beta process & i was hoping with the actual ios 13 release, it would be updated. not the case, still worthless. doesn’t work on my iphone or ipad. it was the convenience of having quickbooks on the go that sold me in the first place. not the case anymore.
. great app to keep your business accounting done on the go.
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
. problems sending invoices. update to customers from ipad doesn't always work. other issues. still a good app.
great but needs the option for gratuity. i would give quickbooks 5 stars if my clients had the ability to add a tip for services rendered when i send them an invoice.
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
"getting there. qb online is a great service, but slightly glitchy. the app however just gives me an error message when i tap ""banking"". that's the most important feature!!!"
simple and efficient. this makes invoicing on the go so simple. i love that it syncs with my computer and i can take a photo of receipts and it adds them to my expenses. very convenient
adding products to invoices. very time consuming to write any invoice on the iphone. each item must be added individually unlike on the ipad app you can multiselect items in the product search.
do not buy. while i think this could be a good product, the app ruins it. i have both the base and the arm. the app crashes every time i use them. at times it takes 3 tries to get them to finish reading. terrible product!
. honestly it's great, good for simple business use.. links well back to qb online.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
updates that don’t install. and yet they won’t a install once again on ios you would think it people would get it
shoameli. very good for my company on the go i have all i need maybe a catalog will be even better!
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
horrible. crashes every time. horrible customer service. move on to another app.
. great app for on the go invoices
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
update needed. for the past three weeks has not been tracking the miles. otherwise a 5 star app when working properly.
simple, yet capable. does everything i need and i love being able to use it online, iphone and ipad. on the go flexibility is a must and this app does that flawlessly!
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
awesome app. i run a small business and i use quick books to manage my entire business! from estimates to invoices to getting paid its all so easy and fun to use! thanks guys
. for billing trying to learn
. doesnt work!!!!
. magnificent app
. very useful. if can get it for eternity at one time payment and not to be paying monthly that would be nice.
. problem in sigin to app
. a great awesome business app lets you control your finances and send off invoices
. decent it's ok for adding expenses... but account balances are significantly lacking... i.e. non existent! must have!
new update 115. the new update is horrible!! i used to be able to search customers by address and the search bar is gone. also, whatever screen i choose to be in, i have to fully close the app out to go back! what happened?!?!
. highly recommend this app for every company
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
. can no longer open app, error returned from client
love it! makes my life easier.. qbo is a must have especially if you are a one man operation.
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
terrible support  avoid. terrible, terrible support. continual promises of call backs from customer support agents on live chat never happen because the bugs you find are too hard. open tickets for bugs never get resolved. you ask for a supervisor or manager and you have to email the person you’re complaining about?! get told that because of system bugs you have to manually delete the key back in multiple entries. you’ll be left at year end with books that don’t balance like me. avoid!
great accounting app. very happy with my quickbooks app.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
purchase orders. i have been asking them for years to add the ability to create and view purchase orders. this is all i use quickbooks for, and they won’t let you do it from the app!
syncs to everything!!. awesome app. i'm using quickbooks for my personal accounting. saves a ton of time. intuit's phone and online support is terrific as well. couldn't recommend this app highly enough.
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
demoted from 5 stars to 4. using the app on ipad and iphone for more than 5 years. dashboard has been unable to properly show invoice status for at least 3 months now. version 17.9, at least 3 updates ago? no fix yet nor response from intuit after feedback. while i’m not fond of frequent updates, one expects to have these kinds of obvious bugs fixed in the next update.
perfect!. great app with all the functionality i need to take care of business. i can do much of my books on the go and not let things pile up. love this app!
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. need to be able to email multiple emails at one time.
richard. great app, great product.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
. easy to use. love the app, but i keep getting a message that my user role is unsupported so i can't do anything.
great for on the go businesses. i have been using quickbooks mobile for about a year now and it makes keeping up with invoices and payments a breeze.
. all selfemploy business need a quickbook to hepl delivered business closure with your busines transaction .
great when it works. i rely heavily on this especially the ability to email an invoice. lately i can't log in at all and when i do and try to send an email, all it does is give me a spinning wheel and then locks up. then i have to shut off the phone and restart.
simple. makes my life simpler. bottom line. easy to navigate. easy input. i prefer the mobile app over the website. i wish that u could set default categories for vendors, such as reliant defaults to utilities.
sage. there are far too many bugs for my business to depend on this. what is really more important than dependability in book keeping software? besides there are very limited features to begin with.
crashes with ios 13. just a heads up. when you try to take a picture of a receipt to upload to the account, the app freezes up and you can’t continue on. restarting the app doesn’t work either.
. great app.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
horrible. please update this app so it stops crashing during every use!!! also, critical updates every time you try and do anything???? getting old and frustrating. fix it!!!!! also, why when you update a transaction, it saves it from before the update, so you are doing the work twice???
could not run a business without quickbooks!. i own a pool service. i love how quickly and easily i can enter information on the fly. it’s just as fast as scribbling a note between customers, and when i get home at the end of the day, it’s done! as long as i stay on top of my receipts, my taxes are practically done for me at the end of the year.
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
unusable. can't even log in. really disappointing. the ability to conduct business while on my route is crucial and i have never been able to get this app to work.
works well. this app is far better than the desk top program for mac. as a small business i have many more things i need to do than spending time learning a program. it allows easy access for my accountant and mobility for me!
. i am doing my husband's billing for his company, since it was taking so much of his time. since this not my 'real' job, this app makes it easy do billing and record payments from any device at any time. thank you!
very frustrating. this could be great but there are too many bugs. can't switch between users accounts and that should be easy. fix it please!!!
great app. builds accounting teamwork and keeps management decisions up to date...
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
time tracking missing from app. i bill services by the hour and pay extra for the version of quickbooks that supports time tracking. was very disappointed to see this feature completely missing from the app. it’s such an obvious thing to have on the go. now i need to have a totally separate system to track time...
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
. great app, though i still need to refer to the desktop version. i am unable to pay employees through the app.
". ""get paid faster"" is a lie. it is intuit policy to hold funds for 6 days for your first credit card transaction and, at their discretion, any transaction after that."
qb online has changed the way we do business. qb online has changed the way we do business. we own a pottery studio, and do not have a fulltime bookkeeper. as a small business owner that employs only my husband and myself, qb online with apps for iphone and ipad, have made bookkeeping quicker. it has also improved our estimate and invoice system.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
can't record an expense. i get an error message please choose a template before saving. doesn't work since ios 13 was installed.
smart. a easy and rewarding app
. for an app qbo is awesome. it does not have all the features of a desktop program but what app does? you guys are doing an incredible job and making impovements to both program and app all the time.
. after this last update the app is worse, you can't see your last invoice or overdue invoices, you can't create new invoice or see your customer or create new customer.
great tool. its great tool for small business. makes my life easier. recommend to everyone
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
app is crashing.... had to key in a credit card thru the computer because the app keeps crashing and doesn’t let you charge a card. will change my review after they fix the issue.
excellent app. make life way easy for small business
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
must have!. absolutely vital to my daily business. clients are impressed when i produce an invoice on the spot and process their credit cards before i leave the job site.
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wated almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
. good program, app needs to be able to modify more though like the desktop version
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
. so slow to picture receipts and save as a note!!! just scanning 6 invoices took about 20 minutes. nightmare.
works like it should. the app works like you would expect it to and i have nothing but good things to say about quickbooks support!
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
. experience several issues with the mobile app.
. qbo much improved over original launch product, and tge app has brought qbo up.to date. i love the ability to upload receipts tgat immediately sync with qbo and match to vendorsexpenses. qbos ability to have multiple ysrs working simultaneously is huge . realtime collaboration with my bookkeeper and accountant is now easy. no more thirdparty file sharing apps and concerns about version control. with the app i can now monitor financials on the fly. highly recommend!
review. happy with qb is working for me just need to work out how to link my bank in and do my accounts on it this should be simple but l am no wizard on tec. the code that l am ask for from my bank is not linking and not sure why. but so fare it's good.
compatibility issue?. no problem installing it on my phone but will not install in my tablet, says it's not comoatible (both v6.0.1 marshmallow). what seems to be the problem? huge disappointment from such a well known company!
convenient, convenient, convenient!. as a small contractor always on the go this app is great with easy access to all my info. only downfall is lack of progress billing from an invoice, but i have found a work around.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
needs work & capability. for those of us that work on the road and try to reconcile books daily, do not depend on this app because it is nonexistent. no reconcile function whatsoever. i hope their team listens to our feedback because we can jump ship on any given day.
couldn't be easier. lots of good features, still learning how to use it, easy to set up for anyone, reasonable pricing aside from their merchant services to keep track of finances, and looks nice.
. would be nice if the app would recognize the info on the receipt when you take a pic of it
only a trial. would have been nice to know it was a trial only, i saw the in app purchase option but no where did it say trial.
highly recommend!. very useful when you're on the go and need to update and categorize for your accountant! better than their website.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
. so much easier than a checkbook program, enter only what you need!
. having problems adding customers. works great beside that i can't add customers with the app. kind of bothersome but just have to go through the internet.
terrible. glitchy. doesn't update new transactions. hard to navigate compared to desktop qbo app. honestly, intuit knows it can do better than this. they're just greedy.
. i can't believe how functional this app is. i love how much i can do from my phone, an it's all in sync all the time with what i do from my tablet or computer. it's great
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
total crap. this app doesn't work. it shows numbers which doesn't make sense, you can't rely on it. i just go to safari web and login to my quick books account. please change it if you can.
. does a good job. thanks
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
have to improve in customer support. an ok app for small business.. but horrible customer service.. first starters, you have to call them only during pacific time hours..? so i’m in delaware, which means, if i want to reach them i have to wait to get a live rep. then, their wait time is terrible.. 30+ minutes. ??? so one star for now.. once you guys improve in this area, i’ll be glad to recommend and change rating...
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
no inventory tracking, no reminder. very disappointed with this no inventory tracking, no reminder for the app no not also for me its pointless quickbooks you better fix it i am cancelling my subscription
. very handy for a lanscaper on the go. now i can email invoices as soon as we are finished right from my smartphone, wether i'm standing next to the customer or in the truck. makes my life easier
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
great software. this does everything i absolutely need it to do. i wouldn't use anything else it's easy to manage they have great customer service and i don't have any complaints about it keep up the great work thanks for making my job a lot easier.
easy iphone app. i like it, it’s easy enough to navigate on my iphone. you cannot do everything that you can do on the computer but it takes care of most business.
. the app syncs at install and the will not afterwards. this is probably the most important aspect of an app...to keep data in sync. do not waste time with this app. first delight, then ongoing frustration. terrible.
. excellent app i can do all my business on this
. very easy to use on any device at any time. customer support is on it quickly when you contact them.
can't login. worked fine, but now asking me to login and then keeps saying there's been an error. please fix!
brian burke. very user friendly!
. really slow compared to desktop
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
. so easy to post expenses from bank transactions.
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
. good app, simple and yet very decent would give 5 stars but the hardware android menu button doesn't do anything. set it to open that side bar, also it needs a speed increase. sometimes it takes over 40 seconds to update. otherwise great app, easy to use. eagerly await updates to this.
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
excellent app!. anything that can please my accountant and help me stay organised gets my vote!
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
timed out messages. keep getting timed out error messages for 2 hours now as soon as i get logged in. not what a business owner needs to have on a monday! get this problem solved to help your customers be able to work!
great app a must for business. i have waited to switch to qb online as i had read a lot of negative feedback but this is a great app for keeping in touch with the finances of you business and easy for those not trained as an accountant
same as other free app. wave does the same and it's free... once it's finish my period i am out.
not a replacement. not fast. doesn't sync well.. this app needs a lot of work to be reliable and usable. no matter how many times i sync it doesn't actually sync to the web apps data. it keeps logging me off the fingerprint option. this might be designed in there because human fingerprints change very often? correct?
great way to get my money in and estimates out.. really happy quickbooks enables me to work anywhere creating on the spot estimates and invoices making my cash flow work better for me. great app
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
3 year user.. lots of glitches. signs me out within seconds of logging in and there’s many steps just to put items into an invoice or receipt.
absolutely fantastic!. this app is incredible. having been using for 6 months, and it has revolutionised the way we are able to do business. so easy to setup, use and understand. i highly recommend to anyone that needs an easy orderinvoicesales system for their business.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
getting better but a long way left to go. we switched to quickbooks on the recommendation of a number of accountants. then we realized that quickbooks online and the desktop offering are worlds apart. the app is good, but not great. the entire qbo experience is frustrating and getting support is difficult.
. convenient i love the convenience of this app.
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
. keep having to login which is annoying. very slow in general. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. after 3 years, still quite disappointed with it.
. a great app that accomplishes pretty much what one may expect. some minor limitations compared to the full online's layout, but still very handy and easy to use.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
". i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it."
good, getting better. not all of the functionality that i want but features are being added. very useful for seeing what's happening.
. found a better app for my needs
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
. great app .
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
app is crap. the quickbooks app very rarely lets us sign in and when it does many of the functions do not work. i’ve contacted customer service which is a complete joke. their suggestion was to check out the message board to see who else may have the problem we have! why? how about fix the problem!
great. so nice to be able to do invoices on the run. very user friendly!
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
need improvement asap. need to approve the app asap due to many loss of customers. disappointed of the high price.
. love this app
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
". just signed up. you get a 24hr trial and then it asks you to spend $7.99mo with a 30% off discount (not sure if that is included, or what). so much for a ""free"" app."
the most powerful option for business finances area. i love this app because i have access in my mac and then i can move to my bed with my tablet and continue working on my accounting so easy. the only thing that probably i would add is the access to the items, lists and charts through the reports, as is in the online and the desktop mac app.
. the support is terrific
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
great app. excellent app, does exactly what i need with no fuss
. i've just started using qb and i'm very impressed. i was using xero and truelly,it has been horrendous. qb all the way. so user friendly.
freezes. freezes when saving a new client. app is useless.
making my job easier. more than i expected and easy to use
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
signed out automatically. every time i launch the app it signs me out and i have to log in over and over. please fix this issue. it is annoying.
normal. güzel bir uygulama ama raporlama eksik
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
crash instantly on iphone 5. this app crashes instantly and doesn't operate on my iphone 5 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work. why don't you guys fix this?
great app. it seems to work well! i would suggest it, you can easily go from a laptop to ipad to iphone...
update to the update.. they fixed the update. i updated my rating.
update is awful.. please fix the app. it was great until the last update!! can't even get tech support without it crashing.
. so far this has made invoices quick and easy
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
getting frustrated. i hate that the computer version keeps crashing. the app is nice but doesn't have all the features of the web version (or if they are there i haven't found them yet!)
. this app is easy to use and keep on top of, all business activites are in one place and the calculations are done for you!
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
less than useless. this app does not interface enough of the information from the desktop version. reports are raw numbers and can’t pull up any supporting information. p&l is worthless. the desktop version seems to miss the point of accounting software. ie making all your information easy to input then easy to analyze in reports. this does neither. qbpro etc was far easier to navigate without the slick graphics and colors. aaaaaargh!
quick books. the best app ever, easy to use, never had an issue that could not be easily resolved. i run 2 nyc businesses and mostly on the run.
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
. great business app
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
not working properly after update #2. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. my books don't match from my phone to my computer. the pin still doesn't work, every time i edited an invoice it magically created a copy of an invoice that showed up 2 days later. now i have a ton of clean up to do in my books. it's time for me to find new accounting software.
kewl app. thanks
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
really useful. great app allowing me to raise invoices whilst on site, confirm details with clients and syncs with the software back at the office.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
way too limited. the app for the ipad is too basic. i can create an invoice and email or print but if i need to print an existing invoice there is no option to do this. after receiving payments there is no way to deposit them to my bank. i can't believe that qb would release an app before testing it. i am hoping that there will be an upgrade soon to make it functional. disappointed!
quick books. quick easy invoices
. i have been experiencing some trouble when doing the banking reconciliation function. every other app works fine, and even quickbooks is okay until i use the banking feature. updated everything and rebooted phone, still very slow. using an lg v10
. keep having to login which is annoying. very slow in general. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. after 3 years, still quite disappointed with it.
great software. very happy i use to use a different software but it wasn't as good as quickbooks thank you quickbooks
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!! also, the separation of vendor mtce from vendor transactions is opposite of the web interface. same for customers.
awwwwwwsomw. great app totally get it
. pos app!
avoid merchant service. avoid at all cost the merchant services. they preapprove you and then hold on your money for a month before forcing you to refund each transaction you processed with them. i had to call 6 times 1 hour each time and it is still not fixed. they are still holding the funds and it’s been more than a full month. terrible customer service.
. great app. i enjoy it. helps me with my small business
. how to find bill for supplier in mobile app ?
sync. why is the app taking forever to sync and most of the time says unable to sync? every week i am having to delete the app and start over for all of the files to download. refreshing within the app does nothing. with all of this said, i love the desktop version.
. excellent cloud computing. can really be number one if improved to suit indian market needs.
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
meh.... looks great, but has so few features that's it's just not that useful.
fantastic app. easy to use.. i wish they give more invoice customization options..
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
. in usable black screen comes for a long long time in start up and during usable on android. the worst party is that issue has been there since ages. it's like qbo is not interested in developing this app
. love this app!! so simple and extremely convenient.
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
. cancelling your subscription seems impossible. i've emailed, called, used their help menu. it shouldn't be this hard. still trying to cancel.
. great software. will continue to use as long as it makes sense for my business!
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
. if you even subscribe to their free trial, they will call you dozens of times in a day. its too much. every time a new number, so i can't get rid off. heavy spamming. जीना हराम कर रखा है यार तुम लोगों ने
. great program a little expensive but well worth it
good for viewing, not for editing. can't seem to figure out how to allocate new transactions.
very spotty usability. honestly, i love the idea and i love quickbooks online, but this app is usable only like 50% of the time... it always seems to say ‘we can’t get all of your (paymentinvoicebanking) details, try again later’. so all i can use it for is to see profit and loss for the month. would be nice if they could get that stuff fixed!
. some quirks, but overall great ap
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
incomplete functionality. there's no way to run a report, print it to a pdf and mail it to someone, or even save the report to storage, as far as i can see. i'm on the road, want to send the balance sheet to one of my colleagues, but can't see any way to do this from the app.
. great app
time expense and mileage. great product. inconsistent functionality across desktop, iphone and ipad. for us professional service peeps can we have time expense and mileage please!
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
. app works great for managing some aspects of your business online.
i can’t do payroll from the app. it works great and is much improved from the original versions but i do not have a desktoplaptop pc........ only ipads and android phones and the apps limits my access way to much i currently use the chrome browser but it’s horrible only part of the screen is visible on the ipad some save buttons can not be accessed thanks for your help
. app stopped syncing transactions, useless!
great app. qbo is a fantastic app for small business. it makes balancing the books easy and less time consuming than the old paper method. it syncs with your business accounts making the job of keeping track of your business accounts easy. you can get a snapshot of your business's finances, balance sheet, p & l from the report tab on the app.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. 1. kicking out of the app very often. 2. not able to email multiple invoices at one time. 3. limited search capabilities. cant search notes and description. :(
. great app,
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
worst “upgrade” process ever!!!!. if you have self employed don’t even dream of trying to fluidly upgrade to online. they data doesn’t just migrate over. the tech support people are clueless. one sharing my screen hadn’t ever even seen what self employed looked like and had no idea how anything worked compared to online. it’s total frustration.
quickbooks makes it easy. quickbooks is one of the biggest reasons my company has hit tremendous growth. online invoices and payments makes my job literally a thousand times easier.
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
prettt good. it’s a good app, i’d have given it 5 stars but the sequential number doesn’t load when using the app. this means to produce an invoice you have to go back and look up the last invoice number.
cool...fun and smart. nothing but good to say about this app in my opinon
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
crashes too much, stressful. doing accounting is difficult enough. why did quickbooks create an app that crashes and creates frustration then?!
awesome app. it's very user friendly and informative. i really like how easy it is to assign an expense category and the convenient display of the profit  loss feature.
needs expenses  time functionality.. obvious missing functionality.
"too many missing features. can't add time entries, even simple ones, have to pay (a lot) for a third party app. not acceptable for a single user company that doesn't sell products, only time that needs to be tracked. can't view current ""sales"" status of unbilled items. can't email myself receipts and have them automatically entered as expenses bank transactions that i've excluded keep showing up. again and again. i'd like to configure away unused modulesfunctions from the menu"
pretty good..... i'm somewhat of a novice independent contractorpsychotherapist. i've been using quickbooks since 2014 and have been using the app for about a year. the dates of invoice reflect the date of service so this is helpful. i know for sure i do not use all features to their full capacity but it's worth the monthly investment for sure.
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
crashed. our quickbooks crashed a week ago. they haven't been able to fix yet. frustrating
it fits my needs. keeps all my customer info stored so i dont have to input it every time
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
great stable app that keeps getting better and better!. gives me access to everything i want but i'm on the go or just don't want to pick up the computer or tablet.
for phone. could be easier to use if it was more like the pc edition
app crashing. after updating to the new version, app is crashing. kindly resolve the issue. not able to use
easy to learn and use. everywhere access, integrated bank and credit card transactions. easy to create transactions on the road.
chrashing in estimates. the app is great, only hiccup is that it restarts as soon as i go into opening a new estimate
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
. very easy and convenient
. had difficulty with seeing my total mileage, but was guided by a rep.
rubbish. i need to see my bills.
best business app. very quick, no bugs or errors. love it!!!
basic functionality. just signed up for quickbooks online. the android app installed fine on my new samsung tablet. no issues running and using app. however, the app is minimal functionality. there is also no good dashboards like the pc or online web version of the program. pretty disappointed being development of such features is not complicated nor expensive for a home dashboard.
. so far total garbage app. i connected my app to my qb online account. i opened the app. snapped 3 receipts. camera worked well isolating the receipts. after that totally useless. despite a new tab appearing in my banking section online i cannot find the receipt copies in either the app or online. i really needed one to return a product. qb cs of no help.
great. great app i use it everyday, makes invoices a breeze and makes it easier at the end of the year for tax purposes.
has features the browser doesn’t. i can see addresses on the client list, and it integrates with maps to get driving instructions
. this is what happens when a company gets too large. first app worked fine and then suddenly refuses to connect to my bank. customer service is a joke. reps were unable to figure out why error 103 kept appearing. after two hours on the phone i was then told it is a systems issue that needs its own ticket. two days later an email arrives stating that the issue is resolved. guess what, it wasn't!! come up intuit! you can do better than this
solid for business. great app for a small nonprofit. easy to navigate and i appreciate the prompts!
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
. downloaded app twice when i tried to login error message continually read i didn't have a quickbooks subscription. was never allowed to access app features.
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, dient handel banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
general manager. garbage company
useless staff. staff are useless and argumentative charged twice in 1 month over the price agreed then the argue it’s my fault literally like talking to a brick wall use free agent it’s free and just as good
this works for me.... i have a hard time keeping up with my invoices but this makes it simple for me to keep track on the move or like right now laying in my bed creating invoices and estimates. this is great.
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
. app still sucks. just had to uninstall and reinstall again. happens about every 4 months.
. i'm hooked love to send estimates and invoices on the fly.
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
subscription error can't download app now. stuck... help!
. great accounting software
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
very limited... quickbooks is one of the best accounting tools out there... however this app is very limited. ipad is a very powerful device. but this app doesn't take advantage of that. things like: * auto save invoices to the files app * option to choose payment type * when you paste an email from the email apps, it doesn't recognize those emails.. * option to add company stamp and seal to the invoices
. great app i can't say enough good things about it.its totally awesome, fantastic, outstanding.
latest version is a disaster. face recognition does not work at all. you have to sign in every time you open the app and often get kicked out especially when switching between companies. colossal waste of time.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
professional it consultant. i recommend this app for smb, especially when you're out of the office a lot.
general manager. garbage company
". made by nonaccountants for nonaccountants? it's impossible to use it to answer an actual accounting question.  shows ""no activity"" under our landlord's vendor account making it useless to quickly see what if any payments we made."
best app ever. perfect for my on the go style of operating my plumbing business!
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
. really frustrated, do not buy this app through google, once you setup you account through good you can not upgrade you account or transfer it to a regular subscription. so i'm just stuck with what i have....
. excellent app
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
too many error messages. for what you pay for a quickbooks online account, this app for ipad and iphone is really disappointing. i get an error message almost every single time i try and enter a new transaction. sometimes it works despite the error message, sometimes it doesn't. but i get the error every time. i can't even access the banking functions as i get an error message and nothing will load. the only function that seems to work properly is the reports section.
great app. it works great on android.
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
error. a lot of error messages when trying to save things. only to find out it was saved twice afterwards.
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
. i didn't worry about computer crash losing all my data plus it goes with me everywhere. but the app does not work right now. 7 weeks & no feed back
. great app for small business. easy to use and saves me a ton of time doing my accounting. accounts payable and receivable couldn't be easier. i really like the free bank transfer option i can provide my customers in their invoices. taxes are quicker and easier thanever everything is in one place and no more collecting receipts. i highly recommend quickbooks to anyone running a small business.
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
issue. man it tells me it’s not supported even tho it updates keep saying the same message
love it!. we've used qb for about a decade, and looove the new app. makes life easier!!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
best business app. easily the best business purposed app.
. game changer! i've only had it downloaded for 5 minutes and i love it! i will change this review, if any hiccups change my mind, after further use.
was great but can't add expense. i used this app all the time yet now i can't add expenses and take a photo of receipt. something has changed help intuit.
. amazing app. handles all my needs as a small contractor business.
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
great app for on the go guys. great for the road warriors who are in the field working and don't have time to do office work
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
cis deductions on apps!. unable to do a cis invoice on the app.. massive let down as this is not a feature yet
easy. works when i need it to
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
no support for canadian tax system. intuit's quickbooks for web does not support the canadian tax system. not sure why this app is appearing in the canadian app store.
much better after last update. this app came a long way, for canadians its now usable and competitive to the other services, it took a while but its very nice now.
app is awesome but works better on iphone than android. love the app however why can't i pull up profit loss statement graphs on my s6? this was extremely simple on my iphone 5. any help?
. not updating fields.
qb has revolutionized business accounting. i have been using qb online since 2011 and can honestly say that it has delivered an exceptionally easy and effortless business accounting solution. one touch payroll and the ease of ap and ar management is awesome. i do all the accounting for my startup and i rely on qb to make it all possible. qb is continuously improving both the desktop and mobile apps to make my life easier. thanks doyle heisler founder wanamaker corp
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
bad customer service. worked for a month then disconnected from my bank, so email sent, didn’t get a reply for 2 days!!!! emailed again another 3 days later i get a reply, problem with bank couldn’t be sorted so i downloaded xero, absolute pleasure to use.dont use quickbooks!!!!!!!!
works great for me!. i love this app! it is nice to be able to create invoices, accept payments, and email invoices on the spot. no more waiting to get back to my computer for data entry.
great for cell phone however.... i originally gave five stars however the app doesn't work with tablets that don't have a wireless carrier. so though i am on wifi it won't download regardless of the os meeting and exceeding the requirements. aside from that great app when used with my cell
new update issues. the previous update solved these issues, but this current update causes error messages with sales rep login whenever creating invoices, and also causes printing communication errors constantly.
new to app. am enjoying being able to automatically list expenses & add receipts as i go. other apps promised this but kept crashing. i feel that i can now better control my finances.
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
disappointed. downloaded this app so i could buy the payroll feature for my new company but it crashes immediately upon opening.
love it. best accounting cloud software there is at the moment and we’ve tried them all. couldn’t recommend enough to other accountants or clients
app stopped loading after ios update. please fix
iphone 7. ios 12.2. the app was okay with its limits. but now it won’t even open my company profile.
excellent piece of kit. i've held back from making a review as the requests for a review before really using an app seems pointless. i have now used quickbooks for around five months and to be honest i now could not imagine working without it. it is easy to use, clear and without doubt a high quality product. first class and highly recommended.
. it's nice to have access to qbo account if computer is not available. 4 star due to some functions available thru online but not in the app. i am a qboa user and a pro advisor.
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
. great app
amazing. but how do i change the currency? i need to use kenya shillings. i also can't see a trial balance
current update just crashes. ios10 with the new update on ipad don't work. app opens then immediately closes.
makes it easy. i love the easy to use format and more professional looking invoices and estimates. and the format saves me a lot of time filling out forms. before i was hand writing the estimate, scanning and then emailing from my computer at home. qb does all that from my phone. it works very well for my small business.
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
does not work. app does not work. wish it did, but it does not. none of my vendor activity shows up, profit and loss does not scroll past first page. better no app at all than one that does not work.
. thanks i love this app i'm able to carry my work with me everywhere thanks qb
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
. i haven't been able to update a draft invoice via mobile in over 2 years and it's been a known issue? instead of adding new reports all the time, work on the basics please.
. we do all of our estimates and invoices through qb. we love it
latest version is a disaster. face recognition does not work at all. you have to sign in every time you open the app and often get kicked out especially when switching between companies. colossal waste of time.
. app keeps crashing on lg g6.
. love this app, it has come a long way. thank you quickbooks for making life easier.
better than desktop. used to use desktop version of quick books which unless you were an accountant was near impossible for the average person to use. qb online is so much more user friendly!
. what a joke......the sales team are so rude....software is actually pretty good but the attitude of the staff in th sales team have completely put me off using this! i will now be looking elsewhere (fresh books etc).....
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. i have seen personal budgeting apps that have better user experience than this. here just some of the glaring issues:  it forces you to relogin alot, and it does not support google signin, which means you have to retype a complex password every single time  you could use pin login from settings, but it is useless..  it forces pin code reentry everytime you use the camera or switch to another app.
. great app
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
where the banking. i want to accept transactions while i sit in bed, this app is far from useful without that capability, come on intuit, make the app complete. as is, a total let down!
impresessed. this app helped change my business!!!!!!!!!
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
". i scanned several receipts and submitted them through the app. they were confirmed by the app as ""added"". half of them are now missing with no explanation of where they went. those receipts were already disposed of. completely unacceptable."
app. using this app is like being your own accountant. it helps keep track of your income and expenses. i highly recommend to all self employed people.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks
statements. as a mobile business i’m not able to send statements from my iphone 7s when i’m traveling on the road and working out of town, this is the inconvenience we have with quickbooks, i wish you could fix that.
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app.
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
count on almost $500yr in subscription costs. intuit has been very smart about hiding needed features in higher sub plans. get going for a while and you’ll find you need the highest tier subscription. no thanks. hello wave accounting.
excellent app for my business. works wonderfully!
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
why get rid of banking section?. latest version update got rid of the banking section. now, i can't acceptexclude transactions, making the application almost totally and completely useless! too bad you can't give zero stars...
brilliant. excellent accounting software for new small business. only issue i have is that i bought a subscription online and the app keeps telling me to subscribe
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
can’t upload receipts. it’s incredibly ridiculous that you can’t upload receipts from anywhere but your photos app. what if you get emailed an invoice? nope can’t upload it!
easy to work with. loving it
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
updates have made it horrible. i love using the online version. the august updates however have tanked the app. it is no longer sharing information between my iphone, ipad, and mac. the sorting feature of estimates is now gone ( pending, accepted, closed) it only shows in last changed order, not good when working with 3 month or longer history. on a positive note, i do like the photo modification for the iphone. it no longer adds to my photo album, just imports to quickbooks.
. the wish access to my qb account has been great to keep a pulse on the business as well as getting cash expenses in before i forget about them.
almost perfect. it would be perfect if there was an overview dashboard that showed outstanding invoices like the online dashboard.
. does not have inventory images in app. please add this feature.
. keeping on top of expenses and invoicing is easy with quickbooks online.
great app. use it while in the field working on my samsung galaxy tab pro 10.1 don't even need to break out the laptop!!
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
great app!. very useful, but i think it still needs some work. very limited, need to offer more functions.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
getting too flaky. i’ve been a subscriber for about 2 years now but am now randomly getting locked out of the app where it thinks i don’t have a subscription! i’ve reported the issue , it always gets resolved but then returns ! went to do my accounts and quotes this weekend and guess what .... i’m locked out ... again! is that acceptable for a business app ! definitely not.
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
using for almost 30 yrs and about to quit. very sad that they charge for every issue now, to pay a bill, to use an invoice, even to do a credit for a vendor. it's going to be less expensive to hire a book keeper!
all of my clients love it!. the ease of use is fantastic. i love that i can quickly load multiple accounts. the qbo app makes my job so much easier because my clients love tracking expenses and sending invoices on the go!
. i am downloading this app but downloading is very slow. happening only with this app.
app doesn’t open. app doesn’t open on the new iphone pro
easy to use!. this app gives me the leverage i need to stay organized.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. app crashes after login. reinstalled and still the same error. android using pixel 3. super annoying
simply perfect. this program allows us to work and function mire effectively
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
"don't download latest version!!. software was great before the latest update. now, no more touchid support, no ability to email invoices. we all remember what apple did with the maps mess, i wonder if intuit will have the testicular fortitude to ""can"" the person who attempted to update the already good software?"
couldn't ask for more. vary good app with great integration with cloud web service. i have been using this app along with desktop cloud version with my business for little more then a year now and find it vary useful and the app tops it off being on the road with no access to computer as long as they continue to upgrade and offer quickbooks online with app i will subscribe
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
can't open.. i loved this app. i could work up estimates on the spot. add my receipts. it was really functional. i just got a note 5 and it won't even open the app. if not fixed soon. i will cancel my membership.
amazing app for a small or medium business. very user friendly. don't have to be an account to enter data, app allows you to do everything on the go.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
. great app for the on the go contractor. i can invoice, send a receipt from anywhere.
. billing the customer at the job sites
not very useful. i find this app useless for what i need on the go. i want the balance in my checking account so i know how much money i have. i would like to create and edit a sales receipt and can't do that. i never use this but wish i could.
. great but limited awesome for invoices and receipts. can't manage reports or banking.
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
horrible. this app is horrible. it's a complete waste of space. it has no real functionality worth talking about. it is no better than the mobile site which is also useless.
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
. unfriendly interface need to load inventory data on invoice costs profits etc no facility
does what it says on the wrapper. always wanted a mobile application and this has been worth the wait!
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
. user for 2 years, samsung s8, app fails to load now. when it did work, it never showed historical customer transactions. never properly refreshed bank connections oh, you would have to go to the online portal and update first before you could use or see your transactions on this app. i'm pretty fed up at this point with this app, only thing i really wanted to do at this point was use the receipt scanning but i can't even do that now. uninstalled..
. best ever tried myob and this much better. less actual typing to get things done. great to navigate
my music mi musica en espanol y english bilingual. bilingual
. sluggish app
easy to use. i love what i do. the finance side, not so much. quickbooks helps make that task a little easier and more manageable. now i’m learning about how different applications can tie into quickbooks and make my life even easier. there is a bit of a learning curve for those that are not as savvy into this area, but they are quick to help and point you in the right direction.
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
lame. i don't understand how anyone can make an app that isn't fully functional on an ipad.
miss e hughes. fantastic resource easy to you & amazing customer service.
. good app but it's annoying that i have to remove and reinstall the app for almost every update that's released.
. worst ever customer support and fulo bunch of non professional people. not at all recommended.
easy to use. the more i play the more i like. simple enough to teach a novice bookkeeping, comprehensive enough to know where the money goes instantly.
. the software is easy to get started with. however, matters such as how to generate p45, p60, issuing dividends, needs improvement.
this app needs updated. this version won't work :(. not working reloaded app no go. :(
. excellent app.
. bit slow !!! otherwise i love it...
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
latest update buggy. the latest update will not compiler updating.
great but could make better. it’s a great product but i would like to be able to view and print my quickbooks invoice through the app. not sure why i can’t do this ?
works great. i live how i can edit and emails invoices on the go. as well as having all my credit card processing all tied in. so customers can pay invoiced from the actual invoice and not have to include other services.
don’t use this with an ipad.. bought this app and was unable to get it to work with an ipad. 4 hours on the phone with this company and still no success. they charged me and told me to get my money back through apple. there is an open known problem being worked on their end but user’s beware. you won’t find out until you’ve paid.
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
glitchy and horrible, like everything intuit makes. i'm a quickbooks proadvisor and have worked with quickbooks for several years with many companies. my advice to businesses and individuals is always the same start looking for something better, it's out there. intuit has horrible customer care and constant software issues that make simple tasks very tedious.
great but could use a little more. overall pretty great. clean easy to do basic tasks, would love access to a few more advanced features...but overall it's a great app. the app is stable, love the fingerpint login (even though it's still a little buggy at time of writing the review), it's clean & easy to read, good navigation. overall i'm very happy with it!
time tracking. i can create an estimate on the go and keep track of my time in a job.
quickbooks online app needs lots of work still. the basic problem is it’s way too slow no matter where i am. usually end up just going through the internet. they are always changing things !😡
greatest app ever. i love the “capture receipt” feature. makes life a whole lot easier.
time entry. i would really use this app if time entry was part of it. that would be something i could really use on the road.
not so good. it keeps hanging up with an error message not connected to the internet. not very useful for business.
it's about time!. quickbooks online and the cloud sync apps for iphone and ipad is nothing short of amazing...it's about time and wow they did such an amazing job with the whole experience. i love that i can make a receipt for a customer on the spot on my iohone or ipad.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!!
great!!!. this is a great app. i own a small hvac company and i use this app every day. amazing, what i can get done from my device while using quickbooks.
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
. i can't remove the date from my columns on a quote. several days and still no reply from your support team. extremely poor. if you wish to cater to businesses then you need better support. i emailed and posted but no reply. i have quotes overdue and am losing customers. i want this product but not if there is no support.
. this app is great for tracking income and expenses! feels good to know how i am doing on a dailyweeklymonthlyqtrlyannual basis. keeps me competitive and on track financially.
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
needs lots of work. very hard to use app. many options are hidden or unavailable so you are stuck and wind up doing the work through a browser instead
great. great app does everything it says it will
. it is a great app but there are some days like today when i cannot open the app on my phone and keep saying i should restart it. i really needed to send some invoices today but i couldn't.
. worst customer service ever! they blocked my customer payment and i couldn't get any answer after two weeks and nobody is responsible. update: it's been seven days that i sent them an email regarding the issue but still no response! even nobody has an answer to my problem! it's not more than just a show off that they care about their customers! everything is normal with this company unless anything happens, and you need customer service, then you feel what i'm saying!
qb online. i like the app but there are a few glitches. can not run some reports.
latest version is a disaster. face recognition does not work at all. you have to sign in every time you open the app and often get kicked out especially when switching between companies. colossal waste of time.
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
cant wait for more transactions so i can use the app again.. so easy to use. i look forward to using it again and again.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
. its not user friendly, and nobody cares about it. they just know how to increase subscribers. not enjoying at all.
. so far i am verry happy with qb online. will update if this changes.
. for an app qbo is awesome. it does not have all the features of a desktop program but what app does? you guys are doing an incredible job and making impovements to both program and app all the time.
landscape company. i like this app as it helps me stay on top of the billing before i leave the site. but the client care and billing is horrible customer care is the worst in north america. stay far away from this company. they bill you when they are not suppose to.
convenient & helpful. as a new business owner and usually overwhelmed with just running the business, the app and website make the financial and tax side of the business easy to stay current and accurate. once i got the initial tax required and payroll payments set up, it's made my life easier.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
. app not working right now on my android. will not load data. has been that way for a day now.
love qbo it's fantastic.. this app rocks. i can see they are adding more features.
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
confused. unlike using my laptop to filter purchases, payments, and deposits the app is extremely confusing and when purchases are made you cannot view them live or even see previous ones, instead i have to spend a lot of time logging them in. i purchased the quickbooks online through my laptop in hopes that the app would make my accounting easier by using my phone, as i do not have time to constantly log into my laptop. the app is too time consuming and confusing.
. excellent app
easypeasy. this was the first software that made perfect sense for my social media management and marketing company! i'm unclear why there are so many complaints. i have had no problems or unrealistic acceptance.
. they said in your invoice that you can cancel anytime and it's not true! it has a glitch and i couldn't cancel it. make me lost two days trying to cancel it and then even charge me the month and did not give back my money. they went from 17 dollars a month to 40 dollars per month! don't never quickbooks
great app. easy to use.. i would like to see full desktop functionality on the mobile app.
works great. i live how i can edit and emails invoices on the go. as well as having all my credit card processing all tied in. so customers can pay invoiced from the actual invoice and not have to include other services.
. problem opening app worked yesterday, and won't let me open app today
. easy tp learn and use
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
not very good. this app dose not work with samsung galaxy s 6 or 6 edged, iv phone over 6 time now and just keep getting fobbed off , i don't even think thinking quickbooks technical support know wat they are doing i'm just left in the dark
small business owner. this app is perfect! 100% of what i need all the time!
. excellent app need to improve speed only.
worthless app. i was excited to find this app and, unfortunately, downloaded it. i really cannot figure out what is good for other than creating invoices. confusing when you open the app, it does not get better as you get into it, not that there is anything to get into. i run a small non profit & just found this app useless, except for taking up space. what a pity as i have been a qb user for years.
excellent. very happy. now they just need to have a feature that auto extracts information accurately from receipts :)
improvements need to be in desktop version too. happy to have amount remaining automatically calculated in expense entries when splitting items between multiple categories! the online desktop version used to have this feature as well but went way with a recent upgrade, add it back please
rip off. installed as companion to desktop. feature guide limited to decide which online version to choose. chose simple version since my needs are simple... no, wrong version, could i upgrade, no... support desk said i’d then lose the introductory half price... changed version... losing £6... chose next tier up for billing, £9 per month... no, wrong version again... so i’ve lost £15 and now need to upgrade to the plus version... beware folks, money grabbing machine.
great. great app i use it everyday, makes invoices a breeze and makes it easier at the end of the year for tax purposes.
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
very limited. i like quickbooks, but the ipad application is very limited on its ability to work compared to the website and the desktop application they offer. it needs a lot of improvement since the ipad can handle the workload.
excellent. first time setting up a new business and first time i've used book keeping software. you can do so much with just this app  it's incredibly intuitive and so easy to use. stops me being afraid of the numbers side of my business and just lets me get on with work! absolute game changer. love it.
consider other programs.... purchased quickbooks for the fact it is easy to photograph receipts and upload, which worked for about 2 weeks and now always comes up with a error.... tried reinstalling etc, still doesn’t work. useless.
too expensive. i do to want to pay for s subscription , i just want to buy the software
easy, fast and efficient. this app keeps me organized and on top of my cash flow. it is easier to use than the web interface and it's always with me when i'm on the road. as a mobile trainer, this is invaluable. once customers and vendors are set up, it takes seconds to update invoices, payments, and receipts. highly recommend.
awesome. that's what i said in 2012. the app keeps getting better, now it's very soon to be 2017, and still the same review.. good app.
. does not work on nexus 6 developer preview
. as good as it gets....can run my service business paper free and even collect signatures....simply and quickly it does it all....awesome mobile solution at a great price!!!!
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
. app will not connect. says experiencing technical difficulties. this has been happening for a week.
. takes some time to kearn but very good companion to the full cloud app for the laptop
make thing simple. we work away from the office all the time. q on the smart phone makes that easy. and it has never locked any of phones up. it work great.
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
. great app, very ready to track income and expenses. making and tracking invoices is so easy even easier then on the computer, reports and everything is really easy to access and track.
app need more functionality. it would be great if we can do transfers and journals on the quickbooks app.
latest update is garbage. app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
qb. use it for my farm. fantastic app
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
unable to sign in.... same issue many users are having with the latest update, i can no longer sign into my account with the app.
very useful. great app yo keep up with your income and expenses. i just love the way everything is set up.
. for an app qbo is awesome. it does not have all the features of a desktop program but what app does? you guys are doing an incredible job and making impovements to both program and app all the time.
. awful customer service
great app. an amazing application for small business owners. a personal accountant only for 700 egy a month + you learn accounting
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
. will not let me create and save new transactions with htc one. please fix this issue. using mobile browser is very frustrating.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
doesn't send invoices. my customers stopped receiving invoices from me via email. i have to send it to myself and forward to them. customer service is a joke: they think their clients are stupid, their advices are just ridiculous: are you sure you put the email in the right section? really? i had been sending invoices via email before and they all received them.
good app.. it works good with my ipad mini.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
big learning curve to start, but very powerful. it was hard work to start with (owing to my limited knowledge), but good online tutorials and support helped a lot  very happy with the package now after a few months of getting my head around it!
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
logging out.... every time i open the app, it logs out. so now i have to keep my qb password with me. love qb but hate this app. have raised the issue, been ignored.
good program. been using this software for about 6 months now and find it very useful as a sole trader it works for me i can pick up my phone and write an invoice straight away.
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
shady. very easily hacked and an unsafe server. average waiting time for customer service on the phone is hour. you will be transferred at least 2 to 3 times, hopefully you can get somebody who speaks english.
very good. one of the best way to do estimate and invoices highly recommended
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
touch id not working when app is shut down.. touch id needs to work all the time. not just when app is running in the back ground. come on quickbooks fix this bug.
. love to be available to quote, inovice, charge, see my clients, etc. on the go. i just have a few times that wasn't available to log in but overall good app
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
. i've tyred everything!! deleted re download log in log out tryed it on anthoer phone i've rung your company up i've taken out a case and nothing has been done it's under investigation been like 4 days now!!
. quickbooks is useful for non finance managers like myself. hopefully improvements will continue on some of the less obvious areas
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
app not working. all how i enter the correct username and password it is say that i am unable to sign in please try again later. however the app works fine on my android. is there a problem with the ios version of this app
. fantastic software, user friendly and intuitive
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
finest accounting software. we are using since last two years and still satisfied.
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
error. error showing while signing in
. couldn't run by business without quickbooks online. i love all the integrated features from processing invoices, payroll, and running company financials. i'm liking the new projects feature to examine profit and loss per client per project. i love being a part of priority circle. great value for the cost! i only use the app to review everything at a glance and maybe send invoices. however, it lacks some of the key features from the online version.
. really slow compared to desktop
crash. won't open since last fix. please fix again.
"convenient. having a small business can be challenging...a customer requested a copy of invoice to be resent from my office.... ""i have no office"".....downloaded d app and baam, job done....awesome!!!!!!"
works great. i live how i can edit and emails invoices on the go. as well as having all my credit card processing all tied in. so customers can pay invoiced from the actual invoice and not have to include other services.
not suitable. not happy with this app and it won't let me cancel it! help!
. best app for bussiness by far!
. pos app!
you get what you pay for (sometimes not even!). you can't do much with the ipad version except create and receive invoices. i had debated leaving easy books for this, thinking it would have more professional features, but it actually has fewer.
interstate_g. i’m a young entrepreneur. no degrees and some college classes in my background. when i say that this app is easy and straightforward forward, helps me run my business, and does most of the work. easy is an understatement. if accounting is your barrier in your buisness look no harder cause qb is the answer.
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
. i messaged support about my subscription it was not what i wanted. i cancelled the account last month and was still billed and on the subscription. would like a refund on my card
. very easy to use software, professional looking documents issued and logical methodnof keeping books.
great app... needs some work.. there’s no way to record a sale without attaching a customer to it. also, there’s really not a place in the app to keep a ledger. if it had these 2 things, it would get 5 stars from me, but as it stands i give it 4.
waste of time. crashes at least 50% of the time i try to enter an expense while on the go
. great product easy to use and understand. not complicated at all make changes view reports and see everything clearly.
. quickbooks please make it so there's the option of where payments are deposited on sale receipts for the android app as its available on ios. other than that is not a bad app.at all. 👍🏼. still waiting for the option on android of where funds are deposited.
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
great for mobile small business !. we couldn't live without our quickbooks online mobile app! look up information and match bank transactions right away. would like to see more functionality for customer and vendor invoicing and billing options as well as filtering but overall a great, easy to use tool.
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
stay well away!. worst software i have used to date. zero customer service. ignores all complaints. takes forever to load. constant problems. not user friendly.
mgrm. great app
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
ios 13 doesn’t work. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please
. awesome app. helps me keep on top of all of my accounting as i go and super easy to navigste. highly recommend.
office assistant. i am still a huge fan of the desktop version! the one great thing about the qbo is the online feature! it still needs improvements. if you have multi companies you have to pay individual packages for each company and log out to be able to log on the other. there is no switch between companies feature on the phone app like on the desktop and the full qbo site.
nice app... wish it did all i need it to do. i have told people, do not buy an ipad with the intention of running qbo on it, you will be surely disappointed! the app doesn’t do enough, especially in reports and you can’t run payroll... and in the browser it’s terrible.
app. grate app worth purchasing i'd recommend this to anyone
. it would be good to be able to save pdf receipts downloaded to my mobile straight onto the app. all i can do just now is take a screenshot.
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes.
good app. does pretty much what you want
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
. incredibly hard to unsubscribe, i have been paying for this app and do not need it after 2 years. i still cannot find the unsubscribe part on google play and have followed the useless instructions to do so. not happy.
very easy to use. works great but doesn't email invoices or estimates
pretty good but, but no bill entry????. i have found this to be somewhat helpful for reviewing expenses, but it would be fantastic if i was able to pay bills on the go. i would love to be able to keep my business mobile by using the camera to “scan” invoices and submit them for payment right from the app. a core function that is surprisingly absent. this is a must for future development. without it, the app just come up short...
description is misleading. there is no way to enter or see expenses in this app and of course no way to attach receipt pictures to these expenses. you can enter expenses using computer and attach picture of receipt there, but not in this app. if you need a plug in to do that, why not to say so? or just remove missing components from description.
owner. love this app!! easy to use and don't what i'd do without it
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
login. i can't get my country grenada or it's currency to start the process
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me.
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
no invoices. not very useful.
. easy and friendly app for your business
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
. awefull, not suited to non accounting folk. unless you fully understand the system it will not represent the companies financial status.
solid for business. great app for a small nonprofit. easy to navigate and i appreciate the prompts!
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
zero stars. it really surprises me that a big company like intuitquickbooks couldn’t come up with something that worked. the app is almost completely useless. i installed it, tried to do some basic stuff on it and couldn’t so i deleted it. please intuit you have to have someone that can build you a better app!!
. can generate and send invoices with the app which saves me a lot of time each week. love it
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
more of a headache than a help. registered online, used same login info for the app, and the app says it's a free trial. online service not communicating well with app and i was hoping to use the app most of the time. sigh.
amazing accounting software for smbs. great capabilities and integrations. only downside is the ios app is not always reflecting all data from the software. i believe this will be fixed soon
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
. poor. this app worked fine for 2 years and now they have recently removed the feature where it automatically adds receipts to transactions. the support morons keep telling me it never existed in the first place but i used it for 2 years! i'm now looking for another app to use in it's stead. avoid it at all costs.
easy to use. easy to learn and use. nice to set up. help is always there if needed.
. for an app qbo is awesome. it does not have all the features of a desktop program but what app does? you guys are doing an incredible job and making impovements to both program and app all the time.
can’t attach existing photo with ios13. with ios 13 you cannot upload an existing photo to a new expense. when you select a photo, the app freezes and there’s no button to accept the photo.
owner. makes life very easy for me running my small electrical contracting business. i spend less time writing estimates and invoicing.
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
. statement option is not given in app.
. on the iphone app you can swipe left or right on expenses, depending on wether it is business or personal, is there a way to do this on the android app? thanks!
lots of shortcomings. qo is great and this app is ok. too bad so many features are missing
. quickbooks decided that my clients credit cards were not verifiable. they have withheld funds for me for 270 days even though my clients my bank and mastercard called them to confirm that everything was fine. i would recommend using anything else other than quickbooks
valuable tool to have in the field. i installed the app, imported company files from my desktop and boom i was doing estimates and invoices in the field.
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
. the newest update has completely wiped all of my information. i cannot see any content at all whatsoever on the app. i use this for everything. horrible
. i love this app more than my wife and she knows it. lol.😃
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
terrible app. quickbooks is a terrible app on my iphone & my ipad. it's not even a good program on my computer. it's extremely limited & each update does nothing to improve it. if there was another accounting system i could use, i would.
like the format. good app
. so far so good; this app should provide a snapshot of the company as first view.
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
awesome. this app is great and very robust
. game changer! i've only had it downloaded for 5 minutes and i love it! i will change this review, if any hiccups change my mind, after further use.
crashes. every time i try signing in the app says my sign in has expired.
. this is a great app, once you figure it out. it is best to have a working knowledge of accounting, or at least how to keep and balance a checkbook. there are many features. some you won't need, but could come in handy as you grow a business. i found the app helps. if you don't forget to use it. keep your receipts. duh.
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
update = crash. haven't been able to use app since updated. disrupting my business. will not open.
. great software i use it on my laptop, phone and tablet. easy to use very happy with product. would recommend to any business owner
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
". refreshing bank transactions doesn't work. after refresh and upade still say "" ! error 22 days ago"". causes double entry after entering expenses manually by no refreshing and posting them. doesn't refresh bank data."
no timesheets. i wish it had employee information access. would love to be able to track hours from the app!!!
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
everything worked great until last update.. can't save invoices. have to login every time using password. payments don't apply to the invoices just to name a few. wish i hadn't updated.
excellent program. we are extremely happy with this program, it has made our company administrators live so much easier.
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
zero stars new version is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
. great app
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
app stopped loading after ios update. please fix
. super simple and i love the fact that's it is simple and keeps me on the move
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
. fabulous for some things great for running my small business. still lots of room for improvement in user friendlyness.
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
. just to clarify, if you are based in the eu and therefore required to comply with gdpr, you need to know that your data is stored in the usa. the software if very good, but this is a huge security issue that they refuse to answer clearly
aka labels. great app. highly recommended
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
terrible. try to do estimates on the quickbooks for ipad. it is easier to do on the quickbooks for iphone. intuit needs to get some people like myself with an office any where that using qb online very hard and heavy to beta test there software.
helpful. this app is so helpful to my business. when i am on the go i can always retrieve the information that i need
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
needs some improvements. great app only thing that would make it better is an offline version for the ipad
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
not good. crashes often; slow; give frequent error messages.
. this app is extremely easy to use and keeps all of my business accounting running smoothly and quickly. i haven't had any problems and neither have any of my customers.
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
. so far, it has been amazing at getting me out of a pinch when i don't have my computer handy. it was an amazing scope and i can do basically everything from my mobile. perfect. easy to get around and figure out. looking forward to exploring it more.
capable. qbo mobile is quite useful for billing customers on site and checking some basic information.
clumsy, error prone, price has doubled.. not a completely trash service, but it hasn’t gotten any better despite company promises. price has doubled since i initially joined. ipad app bugged, today i tried to enter an invoice payment, no joy. tried to leave service last year and the year before. exporting info was a nightmare, and impossible on mac, effectively leaving me held hostage. cancelling service at end of year as i’d rather try a different online accounting or simply go with a desktop version.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
a pretty good app. update: they added deposits! it does everything i need now, upgrading to 5 star! all in all, this is a pretty great app. it does just about everything i need it to while on the go, but it is missing one key piece of functionality. it does not allow the recording of deposits and that is really important for me. other than that it functions flawlessly and has never given me any trouble. overall, i love it!
add more countries. i really love this app but my country, ghana is not part of the selected countries please kindly add it.
india is not mentioned. sorry to say that but i uninstalled the app in 3mins because india as a nation is not mentioned.
. best app for small businesses
. i am with digital account
transactions not showing up. was good now horrible. last 2 entered don't show up but when i enter it shows duplicate
brilliant app with loads of features!. so easy to use. so easy to learn. instant bank feeds. invite your accountant & bookkeeper & other users. so much support from intuit & the australian team. what's not to like? intuit have put together a great product for the small to medium business owner. thoroughly recommend this product.
needs work. i love the functionality of it but i wish it would integrate paypal for the option on invoicing. my customers all use paypal & im double sending because there is not a paypal button on this invoice program!
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
. great great app
add missing payroll  keypay. please add missing keypay. thanks
exporting and texting invoices. anytime i export and try to forward an invoice to a customer with an android it will not send it. iphones are no problem, but androids do not accept it. i have to screenshot it. recommend patch to fix this.
great for my business. ❤️ this program
"very convince. i wish i could you the ""classes"" functionality from my phone though... i just upgrade my online account today and was super excited about that functionality... but it appears not to be available on my phone... which means i can scan my receipts and enter my expenses. but still have to login to assign a class... which is repetition. .."
. the app is horrible. doesn't update ky information, ia like a month behind. very frustrating. you are good at billing me every month, that part is up to date🙄.
. great app help me a lot with my business really easy to use on my galaxy s9 and iphone x
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
bad update. can no longer accept credit card payments. keep getting error code 6000. tech support advised this is a known issue but no eta on fix. please revert back to previous version.
fantastic!. i love this app. it works really well, and makes it easy for me to stay ontop of invoicing my customers.
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
junk. won't sign in crashes in sign in screen
. simple and easy, useful for quick invoicing on the go.
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
great app. rich in features and great for staying on top of things whilst on the go
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
100% broken. they must have changed something with the login process. i only get a message saying it's for online users (which i am) and not mac and windows users. cannot even login anymore.
. great app, easy to use, very helpful to track your expenses
. still somewhat confusing.
don't bother. been using qb desktop for years. disapointed in the sasmobile version. mobile app is slow and frequently fails to load at all. not much functionality at all besides creating invoices. checking account balances or customer ar is not worth the bother on mobile app. this is an ok solution. i bet there are better options available than qb mobile app.
easy. extremely easy to use
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
". takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo. unable to sync with my data through app, after 3 days of ""engineers working on it"" (or are they off on the weekend even though your problem started onba friday?)"
. most used app on my phone
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
more of a headache than a help. registered online, used same login info for the app, and the app says it's a free trial. online service not communicating well with app and i was hoping to use the app most of the time. sigh.
. will add fifth star when they add support for inventory tracking
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
. dashboard unable to load after dozens of reinstalls, reboots and even on another phone entirely. ever since the new redesign the app has been riddled with intermittent loading of the dashboard to now nonexistent. tmobile, oneplus 6t tmobile, samsung galaxy note 10+
great for on the go. i originally only used quick books software on my pc. it was still nice software but i would often find myself behind or forgetting to update my accounts. now with the software on my iphone i can easily update everything immediately. i have been using it for a while now and haven't experienced any problems.
do it if you can get it to work. i loved the mobil app but intuit doesn't support it any longer. they want you to do the $54.00month hosting instead. i called twice today to try to get this app working and they said it wasn't their app. if you can get this to sync with you qb software, go for it.
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
nathalie dodon maquilleuse pigistefreelance makeup artist. j’adore cet app pour me facilité la vie! géniale pour les pigistes ou travailleurs autonome. par contre on peut pas faire certaine correction avec l’app sur le cellulaire... il faudrait trouver une façon pour ne pas utilisé un ordinateur.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
cant edit payroll options. cant make a lot of changes pertinent to online users who need access thru their phone.
great bookkeeping app. this is a great app for tracking expenses sending invoices and overall bookkeeping. it is especially great if you are a mobile service and always on the go, easytouse from your phone or tablet or computer!
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
. great app
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
horrible!! worst waste of space ever!. would give negative stars if i could. absolutely horrible app, can't do a damned thing; can't enter or edit or view bills, can't enter new customers, can't enter new or edit existing invoices, can't enter new expenses or edit existing, can't enter or edit payments. can't figure out what this is supposed to do except take up space and cause frustration. do not waste your time downloading. like others said, use excel and a shoebox.
very good and getting better!. qbo has been a great addition to our company and has many great features over qb desktop. there are some bugs to work out but i'm very happy so far with the online application.
very convenient. nice format for creating estimates and invoicing. although, it is frustrating having the keyboard cover the un scrollable typing field on note 4. you must continuously press the back button to view the text.................i just realized i'm having the same issue typing this review. could be the note 4. hmmmmm
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
awesome. makes life so much easier. at home or on go.
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
good app and makes life easier. it's a easy app to use and simple to navigate.
. its pretty good, but the scroll bar on the side of the expenses list is driving me absolutely insane because i keep accidentally scrolling and jumping through the list
. can't easily navigate or edit start totals or the any other deposits to start where i want to
. complete app for business
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
what is its purpose. lets you review your past payments and create invoices... not much else. you cant even view account information.
hope this can be added. would love to be able to put payments to employees on the mobile app which we do often
. halimuzzaman syed. islami bank ltd bangladesh.
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
it's okay. can't send reminders or edit invoices ... kind of a pain.. great for sending invoices on the go though !
app is awesome but works better on iphone than android. love the app however why can't i pull up profit loss statement graphs on my s6? this was extremely simple on my iphone 5. any help?
hit or miss. when it works it is awesome, however it's been rare that it works. 9 out of 10 times i get an error has occurred message and i have to use the desktop to resolve it.
. great app to have if you starting your own business, you need to have this app. you can keep track through laptop, tablet and phone. you can make it as simple as you like or as detailed you want to be! awesome!
nearly as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices
garbage. doesn't log in. rubbish. unimpressed
. i'm new to the app but so far loving it.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. tried twice now to add my bank account and no luck, keeps saying i'm logged in on another device but i'm not. been into online support twice now and they can't fix it so the app is pointless to me
. this couldn't be simpler! awesome app!
. can't log in why won't it let me sign in? this is awful! please fix quickly!!
. porque tem coisas escritas em inglês?
. great app
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
not ipad friendly. although the web based system works pretty well from a desktop or laptop it is very unfriendly on the ipad.
excellent product. great for sending estimates and invoices on the go. everything i need to see right at my fingertips and very user friendly.
. have not upgraded since 2006, this app is great. i am not tied to the office for alot of tasks that used to only be done in the evening.
could be better. it's good for entering payments, that's about it. and even that is a stretch because half the time it shows invoices are unpaid in the app while the desktop accurately shows the same invoices as paid.
. when it comes to converting an estimate to an invoice or processing transactions, the app experience is excellent and even preferred to the desktop version. smooth and easy to learn.
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
. doesn't appear to allow access to my projects. otherwise it seems to work well.
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
. pretty good app. lots of features like asset register need to be accessed through desktop. ocr not available for receipts on this version
. to slow
great apps. easy to use
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
. newer to the app, so still learning all the in and out of it. but easy to use
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
. app start hi nahi ho raha he,add company karte hi restart ho jata he
great. great app easy to use and all but needs a mileage tracker logbook like the quickbooks self employed has
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
not nearly as good as the desktop version.. the idea is great but i need it to be able to update to and from my desktop version easily which is nearly impossible.
. i love the idea and most of the time it's great. i have a few things i'd like to have sorted. one the cache seems to not be accurate, sometimes i see recent transactions and sometimes i don't see any in the phone. two i think you should have a start page you can select in prefs so it opens in say customers. three finger print recognition, if banks can do it..... other than that it's great.
quickbooks on iphone ios 13 wont open. can you please fix the bug i can’t log in osi 13
this is a total disaster. quickbooks online is a complete and total mess. my invoices are duplicating themselves in the register, the register isn't adding correctly, and my sales tax isn't correct so it has to be done by hand. when you call customer service, they have no answers and never bother to return your call because nobody there knows how to fix the issues. i would recommend that nobody ever uses quickbooks online.
. great app
some what happy. quick book is useful however, it's use is not as user friendly as it could be. the extra time it takes for me to have to identify items and upload others takes up more than i care to.
latest update. the last update has the photo settings all messed up. you can no longer capture a good picture that will send with invoices. it either won’t attach to the invoice or it’s cropped automatically to the point the entire page doesn’t show. needs to be fixed. already looking at other options for my business.
. setup is easy. can't imagine running my business without it. accessible from mobile, desktop and tablet from anywhere. all of my accounts appear seamlessly in qb. started with enterprise edition and switched to online edition. more in tune with my needs. highly recommended it for business operations. shows reports in real time.
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
can't view customized reports. nice app. not very useful for tracking your business through reports that you have setup using quick books online. what's the point of having your company books in your hand if you can't track the information you need?
handy. easy to use and makes logging expenses a breeze
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
". sucks!!! i've tried 8 times to sign up for the free trial & an ""error"" always pops out... :p"
a great app. this app is a great compliment to the online service. i can't imagine running my business without it.
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
over promised, under delivered. the desktop app is slow and the mobile app is lacking pretty important features. their tech support is horrible and can take days to resolve an issue....if they even admit that there is an issue.
great app, easy to use!. this is a great financial management app. i'm far from an accountant but once you have your chart of accounts set up, keeping track of expenses and income is a breeze! a few swipes of your finger and you can reconcile your bank accounts. if only more things were this easy!
clue live design. i'm a small business owner and pretty new on here too. since i have had quickbook payments i never receive any problem on the product via laptop, phone or ipad. i see the updates been give problem for others but it just work excellent for me.
great app but expensive. at $30month it’s expensive. now that they’re raising it to $40, i’m starting to question my choices..
great for what i need to do. also does payroll!. overall pretty decent. it has everything i need. though there are so things that aren't user friendly and not exactly customizable. all in all, definitely would recommend it!
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
. i've been trying to use this app for months and months. it doesnt work, and nobody has done anything about the problems even though there are numerous complaints and bad reviews. i'm getting ready to stop paying for quickbooks and find something else. i mainly wanted to us the app for taking pictures of receipts, but due to the syncing issues, i can't submit more than one receipt picture without the app hanging or freezing. i've tried reinstalling, clearing cache, etc. with no luck.
replacing invoice2go after 7years. excellent software
enables my business.... ...to run smooth and accurately from monthtomonth, yeartoyear. managing multiple clients and accounts would be a nightmare without quickbooks.
touch id still doesn't work. despite what intuit claims about the new update. smh.
. excellent invoices and accounts at finger tips
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
. i have tried the thrial for my buisness and found it projected profits higher than actual and expenses that didn't match up regardless to synching it to accounts like square or my bank. if this is the trial then im not sold. if i had turned this apps inaccurate projections into the irs they'd audit the hell out of me. ill stick to good old fashion analog style accounting thank you.
. great app, allows me to invoice electronically and mobile. it then updates automatically in system.
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
not impressed.. i literally have to 'reset' my password about 9 out of 10 times when i go to use this app....it keeps telling me my user name or password are wrong(they are actually not) and so i keep 'changing' my password to the same password that it has been......very frustrating that almost every time i am visiting a client, i have to spend 810 minutes on accessing the info from the app.
. good but could be great i tend to use the app just to get a summary. would like it to have more of the features that qbo.
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
terrible billing system. i had an email offer for 75% off, tried to get it on my desktop. ended up subscribing for $10mth only to find out it closed my trial account, created a new account, now i have to cancel,subscribe on the ipad for $25mth and my data is not updating now....run away from this fast....
. just got it seems to be a good solid app for me to keep my business running
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
. great app, very ready to track income and expenses. making and tracking invoices is so easy even easier then on the computer, reports and everything is really easy to access and track.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
app does not open. after the latest update, the app does not open. it has been a real inconvenience.
. love the convenience i have used this app for a while and i enjoy how it facilitates my need to create and track everything on the go. i would recommend quickbooks to any small business operation.
still needs delayed charges. if you can add delayed charges to the available transactions, it will be perfect.
quickbooks renew account??. renewed my subscription for a year and i'm still locked out, every time i log in it keeps telling me to subscribe for 1 month i tried to go that way and it asked if i wanted to change my current year subscription? makes no sense.. wish some (tech support or program owner) fixes it i'm about to cancel it all..... wy small business owner
. love the app feature! i'm getting work done on the bus!!!
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
. do not match up with pc i have this on my phone to use for work, i do not have the same tabs as my coworker and we installed the same day. things i put in on my phone do not match what she puts in. she even tried using my phone to make sure i was using this app correctly and it is totally different. how can someone use this if it's not the same from phone to phone or to a pc?
great little app. excellent app for basic book keeping invoicing etc and keep up with the book keeping on the fly. but to do the serious stuff you still need to work from a laptop or desktop.
not as intuitive as desktop version. not as intuitive as desktop version. since 1986 used before intuit bought out money counts. lots to learn yet nice to be able to move the line items around. been wishing for that for 30 years
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
user friendly!. this is definitely the bookkeeping app for anyone who is not attuned to being a business owner
. so far so good; this app should provide a snapshot of the company as first view.
not reliable on weekends or holidays. times when i have to work on weekends or holidays i have the most issues logging in and being able to invoice customers. there is also times when i can’t login during the week, i’m guessing due to quickbooks working on servers! wish i could install as a program on my tablet instead of a app or still be able to use offline to print an invoice and receipt
. best app for tracking my personal expenses easily.
. app doesnt start until i hit link 4 ot 5 times
backward compatibility entrapment. i thought i’d try the trial online plus version after being happy with essentials. was not advised during the offer that going back meant having to reenter much of my historical data manually. now i pay for features i do not use or like. their help desk just kinda said...’oh well’. they didn’t even offer to extend the trial offer incentive that had me curious about the product. intuit calls it ‘stickiness’. i call it entrapment.
. great app. handy
. i am with digital account
do not update to ios 13. if you rely on the app, don’t update to ios 13 until they make it compatible. it crashes on startup after face id.
great fing app!!. i love this app, everything syncs over so well from the web version. it's very simple to use and makes my job a hell of a lot easier!!
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
pathetic. a company like intuit making such lousy app... unbelievable! 😠
. easy to use! great for keeping track of expenses. especially for my small business.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
buggy. can't even login to my account. after i enter my username and password, the app clears the password field and doesn't login.
best accounts app. seems to be the best one out there, easy to use on iphone
. awesome intuit continues to improve the app. i feel like i get more for my money.
struggle. guys i've been struggling to log in onto this app from my galaxy s6 for several weeks now, i'm considering switching to another provider. please fix this bug. ive tried for hours at a time, everytime it asks me if i am a robot, but it never logs in just hours of saying signign in. the whole point of having this app is being able to do stuff on the go and right now thats not working...
h2a solutions. best way to invoice my customers
. still somewhat confusing.
be careful. i loved this app for 10 months. then an error occurred and i lost access to my business. only cost me $200 for one time fix. for $600 i could have purchased a 3 month fix. the risk exceeds the benefit.
. great app and very simple to use. just what my construction company needed to be legit
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
very disappointed. i'm very disappointed because i have been unable to login on with my iphone or macbook pro. i tried to get help through customer service but all i got was a link. very disappointed!!
. great app
good but needs more functionality. this app works good, but needs more features added. for example, i have to go to a browser and log in there in order to add a deposit manually. i know functionality is being added continuously. so i a hopeful that my review can be a 5 star review in the near future.
. used to be good but no more. cant update app for my account. out of date and wont sync. would not recommend this software now.....stay away!
. great app to have if you starting your own business, you need to have this app. you can keep track through laptop, tablet and phone. you can make it as simple as you like or as detailed you want to be! awesome!
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
. your app is not allowing me to create an account. it's keeps saying content type missing. really would of loved to use this app.
best i've used.. not the most expensive i've tried but by far the easiest. takes minutes to send an instant invoice. 1010 from me.
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
worst app update. after updating the recently, app is crashing. unable to login
paid for itself in one hour. after a long, frustrating search for a robust but simpletouse accounting platform for my growing fitness business, i came across quickbooks and have been exuberant ever since. my invoices go out on time, expenses go in live, and it even tracks my inventory. paid for itself in the first hour. highly recommend.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
. the app works but doesn't seem to pull data quickly even over wifi or 4g
. easy to use great app
do it if you can get it to work. i loved the mobil app but intuit doesn't support it any longer. they want you to do the $54.00month hosting instead. i called twice today to try to get this app working and they said it wasn't their app. if you can get this to sync with you qb software, go for it.
. app data is never accurate. i have to login via mobile web to get accurate numbers. app is misleading and frustrating
no sync. only issue i have is that i cannot sync with the desk top version as far as entering information out on the field and have it sync to my laptop version.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
. qbo is great... however, the app sucks! the info on the home page is rarely if ever correct. paid invoices show as still do, p&l info is incorrect compared to what it shows on the website. now i can't edit downloaded transaction to add an image of my receipts. plus, it's no longer showing all of my accounts when i go to categorize a transaction. what the heck happened?!
. very easy to operate
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
ios13. can you fix the app?
. great app use it all the time
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
a good idea but not very useful yet. there is not access to the important online reports. there is no access to fx transactions or accounts in a foreign currency. i live overseas and bill my clients in us dollars and as such have no access to client information or us dollars sales and accounts. if the app mirrored the online program it would be great but it doesnt!!
. so far go good. very nice app for tracking my business
"send payment receipt function missing. i click ""payment"" to accept money from customer. but it don't have send payment receipt function in my android app, which this function available in browser version."
worthless. some functions don't work at all like banking. doesn't load account activity. it's so useless i have to use mobile web version.
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
nothing quick about quick books. not easy and not quick. out of all the invoice apps i’ve used this has been the most awkward
great app  use it every day!. no complaints. it's very helpful.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
. doesn't really do much in the big quickbooks picture
mostly simple app. mostly simple app. only issue is posting payments to invoice within app but online no problem.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
crashes on iphone x. crashing on iphone x
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
how to raise downloads by 10 times?. how to raise downloads by 10 times? service, daily installs can reach 3000+. ping me at skype& whatsapp:+8615282351612 facebook:aso888. every one can get a test promotion for 3 days now!
tonya pitchford. app and product are useless for my particular business. very hard to deal with, fees are high
so useful.... i don't really use it like it's designed. i have 50 company trucks & 5 semi trucks to keep track of at our repair shop. this allows me to document everything. each vehicle as a customer with year & type always easy to find. each invoice acts as a repair, allows me to document every detail and track costs. luv this app! well worth the subscription fee.
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
very limited!. i prepare weeks of invoices on my desktop for my 3 crews. unfortunately the online version rarely finds the invoices, and i end up having to go back to the old way of exporting pdf invoices. i feel like the desktop has so many flaws already, and the app is basically a worse version. i expect more from a legit company, but maybe i'm asking too much.
awesome app. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:)
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
. i messaged support about my subscription it was not what i wanted. i cancelled the account last month and was still billed and on the subscription. would like a refund on my card
quick books app. great app...use it everyday to run the business.
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
". its ok. expect more for a paid app though. im sure there will be updates  that will be available at a ""small extra cost""...."
excellent. i am a pro exterminator and i have been using this app since i launched my company federal bug investigators in 2012. it's features are amazing and allow me to create an invoice, charge a card on the spot and more, while out in the field or away from the office. thanks to this technology i am an elite entrepreneur.
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
still not what i need!!. this is not what i need as an accountant to handle quickbooks functions on the go. why can't we just have access to the full functionality of quickbooks online? i still can enter bills to be paid or checks to be printed. these are two of the most important functions i handle for my clients. let me know when i can get it all!
like the app. just hope it would be easier to use need better access to my custumers invoice and estimates
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
. a very nifty idea, makes life alot easier 👌🏻
. it keeps things simple for us.
. pathetic when it cimeys to app. never gives real time update. often can't refresh. a big no
quite easy to use. great for my phone, just wished when i used it on my ipad or my laptop but it automatically populated or searched for current clients in my contacts.
decent. not as full featured as website
worth it could be improved. works well, my only complaint is different functions are available or not available depending on how you access quickbooks. can be a little frustrating when i need to send an account statement and have to do it from a pc as that option seems to be absent on iphone and ipad access. better than my other invoice options by far worth using for sure.
. best accounting app i've tried, much easier than kashflow for example
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
. i can't remember the last time i was this frustrated with an app andor company. more often than not, the app andor the website do not work. they sure don't have any issues with their autorenew and collecting money from users. they just can't figure out how to provide a product that works and customer service that can, or even wants to, help. think long and hard before choosing quickbooks for your business. i wish i had.
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multiuser access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
. the app has not been working properly for over 2 weeks now.
great update. now i can record my expenses.
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
quickbooks. absolutely great piece of software making my business so much easier to run.
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
. cant use this app point, wont allow me to attach my business bank account to it.
qb online. quickbooks online is awesome and easy to use, having customer information on your mobile phone help save time money and keeps you aware of who has paid and who hasn’t paid anywhere you go, it’s very easy to print invoices to a wifi printer.
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
. very poor app, theres no place that shows you income. its all outgoings etc. it shows profits but not individual sales, it allows you to create sales receipts but thats no good for past sales. app has let me down, nothing like what you see on tv, will be using a different app from now on, warning to all do the trail first, i didnt and it cost me.
upholstery shop. very good app
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
always something hidden. is there possible to get something without paying, like an app that i originally paid over 200 ,now to have that app on mobile divece pay again,but on regular basis. why just make an app where i can sync all info at the office or home
. great app so far
statements!. please add the ability to send a statement(s) from the mobile app. thank you!
why must the change the fonts. good software but the recent ui change is terrible. the colors are downgraded and the fonts look horrible...makes the product look cheap
. great app
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
would rate 0 star if i can. only works in trial version. bought it 3 days ago and hasn't work since. i emailed customer support from both itunes and quickbooks with no help. keeps asking me to subscribe (when i already have). i couldn't use it. it's useless.
. easy to use, helpful support team
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
this update is total trash!!!!. errors on just about everything i try to do and things save twice and web pages aren't ready for ipad pro! don't update!!!!!
i like it because of the receipt picture. some areas need getting use to
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
sorely disappointed. intuit made good products maybe even great products at one time. now their cloud offerings a just released with out any concern for features and bugs. disappointed. somebody has gotten to big to care about their customers.
great wee app. i've had this app a few week very easy to work with.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
. disappointed!!!! what i need is the ability to download and accept new banking transactions, while on the go. having that ability would allow me to spend only a few minutes everyday updating my books, versus having to sit down at a computer to do this. please add this functionality to the android version of qbo. i can do it on the mint app, but not qbo for android : (
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
copy & paste. we are unable to paste anything in quickbooks app if we copy anything from another app
great app. i personally find the app easier then the desktop version. everything is quick and easy to do. raise an invoice or estimate instantly and see your bank account balance. great.
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
. as stated on my previous review,, i have tried every method including the ones quickbooks suggest and i still cannot find an unsubscribe button anywhere, this is very frustrating and ironic in the fact this app is ment to save you time, i spent half a day trying to unsubscribe to this with still no joy , last result to phone the number which does not work over a weekend.
. we have a landscape business and this app is able to keep me up to date and current between sites. at the end of our day all my paperwork is done and current. love this app.
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
. contiuous problems with syncing data and logging in. the contact center has been terrible to deal with and provide no help at all.
. great extention to the web portal
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
a poor mobile companion to qbo. there are so many things wrong with this app. for example, expenses have a note field that doesn't show notes entered in qbo (web). the length of the expense category field is so short that i can't distinguish among categories, especially nested ones. the app generally lacks the functionality it would need to make it a truly useful companion to qbo.
best addition for any business on the go!. the free trial was amazing. my favorite part is having the ability to send invoices. while setting up my merchant services, customer support was kind and easy to work with. now it's easier to bill my clients from my phone. i track everything. get the quickbooks app. you won't regret it!
. the app is great when it works! it took 3 times of deleting and reinstalling to get it to work again. but its working perfctly again.
terrible support. the feature that you promote in your advertisement for this app shows a person recording his receipts wich mainly are cash or card paid. the options that you have as type of payments are cheque, credit or other. nobody this days pay by cheque or by credit receipts for small amounts!!!! totally useless!!!
. ease of use. it's very helpful to invoice and receive payments using my phone while still with a client
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
this app needs updated. this version won't work :(. not working reloaded app no go. :(
would recommend to everyone!. easily the best software to manage a small business. i am able to invoice customers with such ease that it makes me wonder why i haven't switched software platforms sooner! you can not go wrong with quickbooks. the app is so easy to navigate.
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
. doesn't work properly
great invoicing app. works great for invoicing needs.
. missing cpl of features like cheque writing, arap reports in mobile app.
getting there. each update adds more functionality, but much is still missing compared with the pc version.
. awesome company! app works great!
a solid program. i like the idea of this application being online because many of my accounts can be updated asap.
. sucks. terrible app
. awesome app, extremely useful to track finances.
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
bad update. won't work at all after i updated today.
. great app
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
crashes on open. useful app until this update. it crashes on open, both on ipad and iphone. cannot do business this way...
the best app thus far.. i use this for my business and it was a blessing in disguise. thanks qb for helping me organize my books.. even my accountant was impressed.
easy and effective. very easy and convenient, would just like if they add the ability to create a purchase order to suppliers from the app.
very limited... quickbooks is one of the best accounting tools out there... however this app is very limited. ipad is a very powerful device. but this app doesn't take advantage of that. things like: * auto save invoices to the files app * option to choose payment type * when you paste an email from the email apps, it doesn't recognize those emails.. * option to add company stamp and seal to the invoices
. have used quickbooks online for many years and i am very happy with how easy it is to use and the email invoices are extremely professional looking.
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
not accurate. even after the most recent update the app still dose not accurately reflect my qbo account. all information on vended and clients are not up to date. this had been an ongoing issue for more than a year now. i keep hoping with every update this will be correct, but nothing yet.
. easy to navigate
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
. there is a error when trying to add item, i have sent message to support with no reply, as well as requested input from the community. i guess you can't ask for much help with such small fees per month.
. quickbooks makes my life so much easier for writing amd sending estimates and invoices. there are so many other things that quickbooks can do that im slowly learning. im writing so many estimates and getting so much work from easier estimate and invoice writing its really hard for me to get the time sit down amd learn everything else quickbooks has to offer.
i use it with all my clients!. having a business solutions & consulting biz for years there have been times i've lost notes or even lost billable time. having the ease of this program not only resolves that, but it also runs easily in multiple platforms including my preferred operating system utilizing a linux distribution.
. cannot open the app. it shuts down with an error.
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
. works great! i own a mobile cpr business and i'm able to create accurate invoices on the fly.
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
disappointed.. as a qbo subscriber, i thought i could get basic financial reports like monthly profit and loss... not so. i'm not sure the app is of use to me at all.
thumbs up for the business help!!!. take the time to go through the orioles and this is an amazing app to help with any small business!!!
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
. would be great if you could actually see activity on vendors or customers instead of just there profile. have had this app for 3 years now and has never fully synced only pulls up a quarter of the information that you see online.
. easy to setup & customize invoices, accurate, i am pleased!
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
fee increase is a bad deal. fees increased but same services rendered. otherwise it’s a decent app. i’m disappointed that they get people to invest all there invoices and history in app and program then up the fees in them nearly double. can’t trust a company that does that to ya.
easy to use, plenty of features. pretty good value for an entire business accounting, sales and inventory app, cloud based as well so can be accessed from anywhere.
doesn’t work with ios13. just updated ios 13 app doesn’t load. even after deleting and readding.
can't do my expenses on the app. i've started using quickbooks a few months ago. all was going ok but now i can't do my expenses on my app anymore. can't take pictures of my receipts to add them to my expenses. i contacted them and they said they are dealing with it but still no luck after a few weeks waiting. very frustrating. all other functions are working fine though. depe
excellent. does everything i need for my small business and allows seamless coordination with my accountant.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
. this app doesn't allow me to add expenses. please fix it. thank you.
. great app & software. very helpful. would be nice to be able to keyword search within all estimatesinvoices.
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
. errors on free trail. can generate a invoice or put the company name on. i try my phone, tablet and laptop. keep on saying the same thing. error on tax .........
makes life easier!!. quickbooks online, the app, and gopayment have all made my life so much easier. i can now track things in the go and accept payments right on my phone. it works seamlessly!
. had difficulty with seeing my total mileage, but was guided by a rep.
. extremely slow login it takes many minutes just loading company data. not efficient for a quick invoice creation. idea is good though. have left a service ticket... waiting for response
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
mr. great app for when i'm running around out of the office.
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
unusable. doesn’t connect to my account.. every time i try to login it says there is no company associated with my account. it works fine through a mobile browser or desktop browser. the app is completely unusable, how convenient. tech support says there is a glitch...you don’t say.
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
absolutely inconsistent. probably the worst app i had on my phone. i have deleted it. it gives incorrect, inconsistent notifications. it’s completely useless to access certain parts of qbo. how incredibly unfortunate that intuit can’t build an app that can compare with the advances made in qbo.
convenient. moving to quickbooks online plus has been a great move. there was a small learning curve but it is very stable and now we're very happy that we made the change. the best part is using the app on my iphone
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
ios 13 crashing. app crashing after password screen , ios 13 is not compatible with this app at present , considering the amount my company pays for quickbooks i’m disappointed to say the least .
perfect. this is a great app and works perfect for my business
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
love this app!. i love this app! having this has simplified how we run our business and makes it extremely easy to professionally deliver our product to our customers on the go!
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started.
. great app to use along side quickbooks online. i like being able to send estimates and invoices on my mobile device with the quickbooks app!
. app doesnt start until i hit link 4 ot 5 times
. they make it very confusing to cancel your subscription. i've been playing around eith my account for 30 mins and still can't find where to cancel my account and not get charged by them. i swear i'm not stupid either. also half the pages don't load when i need them.
works well. i'm surprised this app works so well. it's much less glitchy than the pc program
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
i haven't used much. i've only updated a few transactions on the app, so far! but all is good as of now. super easy!
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
. this website is terrible and the customer service is friendly yet not helpful!!! i want to cancel my subscription and yet told to remove the app from my tablet....wrong by removing the app it does not cancel my subscription...very unhappy!!
no complaints. does the job.
meh. still not sure how quick books became the market leader and they have been resting on their laurels for years. the app is no exception. there are lots of improvements they could make but they are too lazy.
. vat does not work
i love this better than their computer program!!!!. i love this app better than my computer program they have, it's easier to use & easier to track your expenses & sales. i recommend this to all my friends that basically run their business out of a vehicle saves on extra work when you get home.
needs work. i love the functionality of it but i wish it would integrate paypal for the option on invoicing. my customers all use paypal & im double sending because there is not a paypal button on this invoice program!
crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim.
. full featured app! quickbooks makes it easy to stay organized. this full featured app brings the desktop to you. easy to make invoices on the go.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
invoice and estimates not saving after last update. you will have to delete app. then reinstall then it will save.
. great for business. keeps track of all your records. would defiantly recommend the app to everyone.
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
lame. i don't understand how anyone can make an app that isn't fully functional on an ipad.
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
pretty basic and useless. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
. quickbooks banking is my favorite part of the app, because it's easy you catergorise all your expenses and incomes. the dashboard shows an overview of your financial situation.
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
. doesn't do what the advertisements say it does. and the app has so many bugs on my new pixel it's not worth it.
great app!. very userfriendly and convenient. great for people who are needing to create invoices and estimates and track expenses. the iphone app is fantastic!
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
what, no zero star option?. great job with touch id and your lousy payroll app. everything this company does is garbage. tells you about the sad state of affairs in financial software if quickbooks is even an option to have to use.
perfect business program. only thing missing is purchase order creation
we need an update for iphone x. we need an update for iphone x. in addition, we need the function to add cc recipient when sending out quotes or invoices. other than those 2 things, it is good.
it worked good until it didn't. i can't even login it says app closed
best alternative for mac users. my accountant wouldn't work with the mac version 2013, so he suggested we use quickbooks online. having the ability to manage the business from anywhere, on any mac or idevice, is a game changer!
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
dont use free bank transfer!. it says you will receive funds in 23 business days but they don’t tell you it will take 23 days until they process it and then another 23 days to process it to your account. would have been worth the 3 hour drive to pick up the check. don’t use the free bank transfer just tell customers to transfer bank to bank instead of using quickbooks accounting bank transfers.
jamie clarkson. makes running my construction company easier than ever before. don’t know how we ever managed without it.
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
awesome app. helps with all business expenses and just great interface
. i've just started using qb and i'm very impressed. i was using xero and truelly,it has been horrendous. qb all the way. so user friendly.
what did you do?. after the update today i can no longer enter pavements? and my ipad version no longer syncs with my updated info from my phone?! fix it!!!!
. great app, love throwing away receipts just take a picture of the expense, document it, and bam, you're done.
". we really like quickbooks online. it works nice but, the android phone and apple ipad apps still need some work. while functional in some things, overall app needs improved. we still use it, only when absolutely necessary, not a go to thing. my rating will change to 10 stars when  ""if"" they update these apps. but qb in general, love it!"
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
great little app, controls most bookkeeping chores saving my time and legal requirements.. just a great app for keeping track of your debtors, creditors and making the calculating of bas and payroll liabilities a breeze.
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
. the online version of quickbooks works well, but the app is terrible. we are in 2018 and the apps still can't do anything useful. why can't we have the same functions and features as the online version. i want to be able to view all my reports at any time. easily key in transactions. the app needs some serious work. no joke.
love it and support intuit provides. very convenient app for expensing. had an issue crashing while logging in and customer support was very quick to respond.
not very user friendly.. not very user friendly. have to open the app twice every time i use it. it says critical updates required log out and log in to refresh. every. single. time. i . open. the. app. i’ve tried deleting and reinstalling multiple times. when entering receipts it could have a search box at the top of vendor list do you don’t have to ask to search every time.
. installed on android yesterday. cannot see anything on dashboard. called customer service and they don't know anything about the issue and can't help. she said she can see it on her iphone. account can be seen on desktop version but the mobile app is useless.
love it and support intuit provides. very convenient app for expensing. had an issue crashing while logging in and customer support was very quick to respond.
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
. takes way to long to update between quick books online.
owner. this software has been the best ever. it has made my job so much easier and faster for billing.
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
no activity?. none of my vendors have any activity (transactions) available within this app. almost rendering it completely useless in our business.
helps me so much. new business owner, this app has been so helpful. can do estimates send invoices and input expenses from any where, weather im at the store or on the go i can work
. please add support for whattsup business app
. restart the app error. uninstalled and reinstalled app. same error.
. great for a small business!! does everything i need. except milage...
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
please repair!. its a excelent, but in 1 mounth are problem to connect in sometimes!! i have problem to connect to app in my iphone and a need for my business, that is terrible problem.
. this has made it so much easier to keep track of our business expenses. i have recommended qbo to all my friends who own there own business.
. worthless program. i am a quickbooks pro advisor and user for 20 years. this just does not work well and there are better applications out there.
unable to login via iphoneipad. every time i try and login from my iphone or ipad it tells me no account associated with the given information. but when i login via a web browser with the exact same information i have no problem. basically defeating the purpose of the app. fix asap please
owner eleganttouchlimos llc. the best off best. quick book i ben used last 4 years the make my busnise everything easy. invoice custumer and recipts i like it thank you so much. good job
how to raise downloads by 10 times?. how to raise downloads by 10 times? service, daily installs can reach 3000+. ping me at skype& whatsapp:+8615282351612 facebook:aso888. every one can get a test promotion for 3 days now!
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
good to review. i haven't got deep into it to create billing invoices yet but just to review what i've done from the work station, it's great.
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
. sometimes an app or service gets worse with time. this is one of them. it is stupidly expensive and incredibly unintuitive. please fix the random sign in and sales receipt bug and improve the ui or i will find another product.
. love this app. can upload receipts wherever i am
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
. love this app!!! it makes business easy!
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
love quickbooks!. i depend and use quickbooks everyday and love it. i just wish i could move the items in my estimates are around easily. they are stuck in the spot they are added.
. po , translation invoice, how to add discount?
. app never up to date with website or it does not show you everything you can see online. sometimes you can't even see anyone's invoices or estimates. always an issue.
nice to use. app puts info at fingertips. run reports, check balances and review transactions easily.
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
crash with ios13. app does not launch.
awesome for small business. couple problems creating invoices from phone.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
just say no.. qbo is a horrible, flaky and unreliable. pushed out long before it was ready and there is no escalation for problems.
owner. great app to take of of business anywhere i'm at!
great app! but quickly falling behind the ios version. our business purchased nexus 7 4g as it is much more cost effective and portable than an ipad mini. i recently looked at the ios capabilities in accessing my quickbooks data, i was very surprised to see so many more options. signature capture. scan a credit card from within the app etc etc. all of these feature are not on the android version but on ios. :(
. worst app don't use it. it shows us a very professional look and feel but truth is that it doesn't work in android mobile in india and online version of desktop is totally sucks just because it is very slow. these peoples are making fool of us totally.
. awesome app for small business owners that need to be on the move.
need other option. need an option for employees that travel to do trip expense that import as a bundle. i use pro premier 2015
crashes constantly every time i try to use it!. crashes multiple times every time that i try to use the app! on line works fine. the app keeps freezing saying saying critical updates needed! but i already updated app and deleted the app and reinstalled it. i tried everything i could do. so frustrating! older versions worked well. this is on an iphone xmax. newest phone .., latest version ... not working!!
awesome. great app for the ipad. i hate complicated software a to tract my work. this ones the most user friendly app i've come across. great recommendation. 5*****'s
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
. very poorly designed app. with alot of limitations for a mobile device. i would strongly recommend finding another service.
overall pretty good as an app👍. it can take awhile to get used to using quickbooks – but it is pretty good once you get used to it. occasionally it can be a bit clunky and you don’t get all the functionality that you would expect. but overall using it as an app is very good
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
not pleased. for one i still can't redownload the app after i accidentally deleted it. it's been months. i hit the cloud button and it does nothing. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
amazing. great app and really easy to use. no need to wait to be at the office to do any transaction, all done easy and simple right on the spot!!!!!!!
great app & program  must improve search engine. fantastic program with brilliant features. it does need some urgent fixes. one being to be able to search through an account such as cash sales and be able to find a name, address or phone number.
does not connect to my bank. it connected to my bank (bank united) the first day and has not worked correctly since. i waited on hold for 25min and no help. was told i would receive an email with the solution...no email. not very happy with this product for my first week of using.
. very easy to use app!
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
. dashboard won't even populate. menu button doesn't work. i can only see recent activity. i can not use the app at all!!!!
. thank you for streamliningthe company... accessto everything on all devices makes it even easier!
. this is a great app and has been an invaluable tool for me to manage my business. the only draw back i have found is when i tried to use paypal in conjunction with the app. 1) the cost implications and 2) getting the money to my bank account. this is not a quickbooks issue but it just caused me a headache.
meh. dislike so many things about the app and online version. i would really like the ability to browse through invoices for ex. look at invoice #1 click next to see #2 and next to see #3 and the. be able to reverse this. unfortunaly this can't be done and one has to search specifically for an invoice by number.
needed this for a while!. this app is great. all of the major needs are right here in your phone. i have inlimited data on my phone so i can log in whenever and check what i need wherever i am.
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use! still not working! uninstalling for now! i hope that you fix it!
business on the run. quickbooks online with the ios app make operating a travel based business on the run simple. log invoices as you go. input estimates along the way. print and mail or email all at once at the end of the day. not to mention the helpful reports and expense management. i couldn't run my business without it.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
update broke. i cannot accept transactions. the only things accessible on the baking screens are back and trash. please fix otherwise it’s useless.
very good.. we've been using this app and have been very impressed with it.
. i use it for invoicing for a security and surveillance company and it does not give me any problems.
quickbooks renew account??. renewed my subscription for a year and i'm still locked out, every time i log in it keeps telling me to subscribe for 1 month i tried to go that way and it asked if i wanted to change my current year subscription? makes no sense.. wish some (tech support or program owner) fixes it i'm about to cancel it all..... wy small business owner
small biz owner. i can't function without this app. perfect for the owner on wheels and phones constantly.
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
they screwed up logging in with pin. i used to have to type my full password in only every few days. now it's several times a day. why even have the option to use a pin if it only works a couple times. i contacted them through the app but got no response.
handy. great app! can create estimates and get signatures right on my phone!
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
owner. terrible , there is no estimates workable , also 85 % of desktop does not show i have been in desktop for years and wanted to use both not any more
excellent on ipad, good on iphone. i use this app on my ipad and iphone, it's pretty good on the iphone but it's darned good on the ipad. hopefully they will develop more features on both over time as it's still not a total replacement for the web browser version.
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
support. very sad that for a pay per month app does not work properly. have emailed support on numerous occasions with no response.
great app. love that i can get estimates approved right on my phone!
. great software. i think very soon, it will change the way people maintain books
crash. your latest update is crashing. it doesn't let me open the app. please fix immediately
fantastic. great bit of kit can do everything i need on the go send invoices and put in my expenses
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
. i've been using quickbooks for a few years. it's been great. but lately i haven't been able to access old invoices or quotes. very inconvenient for past work that we've done. now i'm having a huge issue with latest data not syncing to my device and can't even get into my account. things should be getting better not worse. i've consulted with customer service which hasn't helped either.
. good app
. excellent app need to improve speed only.
needs a lot of work. very disappointing they removed card payment facility, only reason i went with quickbooks over xero. also don't try and do anything within app or your accounts will get into a right mess (things like match a payment or transfer) you will end up with duplicate transactions that can only be deleted by logging into web client. upsetting the company that all those years ago changed the industry (and took on sage) have failed so badly.
. handy but a bit slow
love it. very simple you use and looks professional, only think i’d say is don’t let your trail run completely out before you buy because it won’t instantly be back up and running takes a few days
never has worked on my s7 edge. i loved this app when it worked with my htc. since i switched to this phone, it keeps giving me an error message and despite talking with support multiple times, nothing has been done to resolve this. i have uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times and it has not resolved the problem. i have seen similar issues reported with this phone.
great improvement. i'd been using a really old pc version and am amazed at how much the app has changed, for the better too.
getting better.... last used this bout a year ago. i dunno if it's me or the app but it seems much more intuitive now.
. this app takes forever to do anything. it literally takes a minute just to open after i tap the app icon. completely useless. information is not reflected correctly during use. just use a web browser instead.
. bomb app andvery, very helpful, and useful!!! =)
. good app, but it is expensive....
company owner. you can't go in an manage users unless you have a desktop version that's just not acceptable i have an ipad pro cost 3times what my computer cost it better get fixed or i am gone.very disappointed. also customer service can't help either rg
. excelente app para llevar las finanzas del negocio.
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
worth it. great to organize business. love the online support when getting started!
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
. does not work on my pixel phone. sucks i have to pay the same rate as everyone else but can't get all the benefits. update...the email address intuit gave me to email does not work...shocker.
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
. doesn't work. after logged in, i can seem to review my accounts. this would be a great app if they could fix this issue.
excellent app. i am a accountant and this is excellent
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
. utter garbage. i use the online version daily, but the app barely functions, is laid out differently, and doesn't have any of the major features that i use online on a regular basis.
simple to use. saves so much time
no pdf attachment. 3 stars as the app only able to upload photo of the invoice, not other format. you need to understand that pdf is much small in size and more practical for mobile upload. as for photo, it is at least 3m nowadays and it took almost 1 min or 2 to finish the upload.please look into it in next upgrade
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
. does what i need
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
. the image quality of attaching receipts automatically downgrades and makes everything blurry. this renders the receipt image capture completely useless.
. makes my work easier
sage. there are far too many bugs for my business to depend on this. what is really more important than dependability in book keeping software? besides there are very limited features to begin with.
. very disappointed, missing 6 months of transactions from my bank, tried to fix it as i was instructed to but couldn't, you can't get someone to speak to, no customer service. big joke, i don't recommend it to anyone
makes handling my business easier.. enjoy the invoice and payment features and reports, plus the app. makes my life much easier.
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
great app. qb app is great and it's only improving. i can't wait to see how this app will operate in a year.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
still does not allow entering employee time. the ability to enter employee time is a must for professionals that are on the road all day. other services like freshbooks already have this ability. until intuit makes this very important addition to the mould app, it does not deserve 5 stars!
top shelf. excellent, simple, 5 stars
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
. mediocre app.
great app. i was only half way pleased with the app before. but with the new upgrades and changes, it is almost fully functional! it is so nice to be in a meeting with my partners or accountant or client and be able to look up data on my iphone. so worth it... i love it!!!!!!!
. it would be good to be able to save pdf receipts downloaded to my mobile straight onto the app. all i can do just now is take a screenshot.
more than annoyed..... new update: 8916, still have to enter my password every time i open the app. touch id or app pin what is that??? 🤔 this is so annoying.... especially in front of customers!! tired of wasting my time. i've deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail. it appears you guys are never going to get it right....
. great app recommend it to anyone with a business
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
be careful. i loved this app for 10 months. then an error occurred and i lost access to my business. only cost me $200 for one time fix. for $600 i could have purchased a 3 month fix. the risk exceeds the benefit.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
more harmonisation needed.. i find myself, more often than not, logging in to the desktop version. bank updates are very “hit and miss” particularly early morning.
great for businesses on the move. makes invoicing easier if not in office all the time ,
. we went from pro 2012 to the online version it easy and the android app works very well i can now run my business from under a fishing brolly if i want a day out,! updated, one thing that needs looking at is a ' restore' point i made a mistake and deleted a file with no back up available! can we have a back up please?
ouickbooks. setting up this quickbooks app is a joke , the system does not work and customer support has an attitude that is not willing to help!
love it. easy to use and understand. have recommended it to everyone i know. great app.
. i wish this was a completely free app.
great idea, but not full version. as a longterm user, i expected more from the app than it has. i still have to use my pc for some of the essential functions such as payables, reports, and payroll. disappointed!
good but can be better. like that i can update bank info. does double entry sometimes.
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
can’t attach existing photo with ios13. with ios 13 you cannot upload an existing photo to a new expense. when you select a photo, the app freezes and there’s no button to accept the photo.
. love this app.
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
. this app works sometimes and then not at all. i log in and there is no icons to search customers or anything at all. please help!
mario osorio painting and a&t housecleaning. love this program very friendly and very easy to understand for my self and my bookkeeper.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
. bank feeds never update. been telling me to check back in a couple of hours for 3 days. resync doesn't work. completely useless without updated banking information. uninstalling and never returning. stick to the web browser bc this app is a waste of my time and space!
owner. great app
. very good, i am on trial not sure how much full experience will cost, i'll update when i can
not bad. app is good. qb online is lacking.
very happy. i love this app for my business
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
. horrible, spent 2 hours trying to cancel subscription. they don't have the cancel button. called them...45 min wait. terrible service.
. when it comes to converting an estimate to an invoice or processing transactions, the app experience is excellent and even preferred to the desktop version. smooth and easy to learn.
. we went from pro 2012 to the online version it easy and the android app works very well i can now run my business from under a fishing brolly if i want a day out,! updated, one thing that needs looking at is a ' restore' point i made a mistake and deleted a file with no back up available! can we have a back up please?
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2017 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays last years (2016) scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. just another step to my day to day book keeping tasks...
great app!!. just switched from quicken, and i don't know why i waited so long. qb is very versatile and comprehensive.
worst app update. after updating the recently, app is crashing. unable to login
cannot input supplier invoices you have to upgrade. bought quickbooks for our subsidiary business, input invoices, pay suppliers etc to find out you can’t actually input supplier invoices unless you upgrade! so from £11.99 a month to £18.99 a month just to input purchase, very odd
self employment. great app
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
ok for readonly activities. don’t get me wrong, i love the qb online version i use from my pc. you will not find anything better for the price. but the ipad version just doesn’t do tons of things i want it to. it’s ok if you want to run a p&l or bs but i run dozens of different reports that are unavailable for some reason. again, ok for checking balances, just not nearly robust enough to bother with for accountants.
indispensable tool. all business owners should have a mobile app that makes finances easier to manage. this is one of them. thank you intuit!
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
. great app i love it
nice but crashes. i like the app other than the fact that after a few minutes of work it crashes. it reliably crashes. helpfully they fix it soon, it's frustrating to have to log back in every time.
disappointed. needs touch id for login, and bugs fixed for ios 8.
easy to use.. does what i need it to do. helps me record my sales and expenses without a pc.
office assistant. i am still a huge fan of the desktop version! the one great thing about the qbo is the online feature! it still needs improvements. if you have multi companies you have to pay individual packages for each company and log out to be able to log on the other. there is no switch between companies feature on the phone app like on the desktop and the full qbo site.
stay well away!. worst software i have used to date. zero customer service. ignores all complaints. takes forever to load. constant problems. not user friendly.
. so far...i began adding my customers, payments, sales receipts etc, and it's working out well! pretty simple so far!
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
doesn’t keep track of suppliers. this app works fine as long as you only want to send novices. unfortunately it doesn’t tell what you owe your suppliers and allow you to pay their bills, so while you are running around invoicing clients the suppliers will be sending the bailiffs round to your office.
. simple and convenient
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
. can't add items to invoices
. easy to use, nononsense basic accounting software that even firsttimers like myself can master. smooth invoicing, affordable, all you could really ask for. not as fancy as se other accounting software out there but then again, for a sole trader like me, more than sufficient.
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
best app i use. i have been using this app for about 30 days now and it dose everything i need it to do on the go. the only thing i would add is the ability to make a deposit in quickbooks via the app. if you use quickbooks you should have this app
yep. great app...appart from the lack of multi currency function...and would be great if we could easily switch company as on the web
bad customer service and bad app. i’m use only one month is the most terrible app. never used this app
ez modern business book keeping. i love this app program... it's very ez to apply it with your business services.. download it 2day!
. how to manage inventory ? i need to know the state of my stock, ie item, quantity, cost etc as the sales goes on how to do that ???
. app wont log in to my samsung phone, tried a number of different things including deleting data and cache as well as uninstallinstalling it. i know my account is fine because it works on my apple phonecomputer with no issues. please help!
best invoice app available. so far the best, has everything you need and more, it's like everything you pay for what you get.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
predatory data collection. the app wouldn’t allow me to accept payment without my giving it geo location. why do you need it, other than to use it in ways completely unrelated to my bookkeeping? the app was already near useless. good bye qb app!
great app easy to use. this new version does almost everything online with my smart phone. i can match transactions, add expenses, do almost everything i need to do while on the road. thank you intuit!
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and redownload it relogin yeah that doesn’t work.
. awesome app for my business!
we need an update for iphone x. we need an update for iphone x. in addition, we need the function to add cc recipient when sending out quotes or invoices. other than those 2 things, it is good.
new update is awful. the newest update is so awful! i can't post things on my invoices, i can't email invoices, nothing! it acts like it is doing it, but then it freezes and tells you to refresh before making changes. i refresh, make the change again, and it gives me the same message again. awful update!
. best app
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
no more receipts in my pocket. shoot the receipt and record the transaction, now even more quickly with touchid
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
does not work. i have just spotted an ad on the bus in london. installd the app. created an account. it was difficult to activate my account as the app does not read sms itself. all in all, after logon the carches  it is not unable at all. i use galaxy s6.
. great app to keep and control all aspects of your business.
better than desktop. used to use desktop version of quick books which unless you were an accountant was near impossible for the average person to use. qb online is so much more user friendly!
"useless. i use quickbooks online extensively at my corporate office. this app, and what is available through the ""mobile"" website version of qb online, is useless for getting any work done outside of the office."
easy and super user friendly. first time user of this type of app but it was easy to set up. sent out my first invoice after 1hr already.
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
trouble with ipad app. hello, i have the app in my iphone and it works great, but i have downloaded the app in the ipad and it tells me: looks like your account doesn’t include access to the quickbooks online mobile app... what i need to do to have access?. please advice! thanks
easy to use!. a 5 yr old with a lemonade stand could run this application. it is very useful and easy to get things done. such a great tool to keep track of your business
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
crashing. updated to ios 13 and now the app keeps crashing after face id, please get this sorted as i can’t run my business
always improving. qbo isn't perfect but it is always improving. this week's update included features for accountants to track their client's pending work, communicate questions and request documents. this is good stuff!
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
. scammers!!!! worst mistake you can make! this company is a bunch of scammers. i used this service for about a week and found that i can't stand it, so i canceled over a year ago. my credit card still gets charged 40 bucks every month. i've got my credit card company involved and everything. this company sucks!!!
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
pas mal !. application très conviviale — me sauve plusieurs heures de pénible saisie comptable par mois. quelques petites fonctions additionnelles permettraient une utilisation encore plus conviviale, comme le fait de pouvoir par défaut définir des taxes (qui sont, dans 95% des cas toujours la même chose) au lieu de devoir spécifier le tout chaque fois...
. worst customer service ever they do the exact opposite of customer service, whatever it would be the answer will always be no, we can't, we won't, it's the policy
don't be in a hurry. you need to be very aware of what your doing. the user interface can be a little but if a puzzle. otherwise a useful tool.
👌🏼. not a bad app
. explain to me why i cannot screenshot anything any more? i have multiple customers that like to see their over all balance owed but now i can't send them a screenshot anymore. so you update the app to fix things, manage to mess up the one feature that worked best for me and still haven't fixed th spelling on the word supplies (it's literally spelt suppliea). great job!
. it's a great way to create quick estimates and invoices.
. easy to use. the only reason i did give it five stars was because you can't add custom fields to the customer data.
"disappointing. if you also make ""mint"", why make your subscription service app so much worse? mint is great. this app is not."
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
. similar issues as gillian, dashboard blank, constant error messages on mobile. i also ended up accidentally reinstalling a slightly different version and was paying double!! i didn't realize there were two very similar apps!! i also uninstalled reinstalled and it didn't fix issue. i am currently trying to figure out how to recover all the expenses and photo's of receipts for the tax season.
. this just makes things so much easier to keep track of and you give customers more, and easier ways to pay.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
. the self employed app was better at tracking milage this one doesn't even track milage anymore this crashes when i try to add manually it won't let me set the endpoint. won't log me in on fingerprint sometimes, hangs and crashes a lot. overall its no where near as stable as the self employed version.
. great app
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
complete waste of time.. 100% completely useless and a total embarrassment. in the year 2013 quickbooks is the only company left that cannot figure out how to make their full product work on an ipad. please fire your entire tech department and hire a high school kid with skills.
excellent tool. this is great as a mobile app.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
very disappointed. moving to a different invoicing product.
. great app. really good for when you are on the road.
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
. even though i canceled my subscription 1 month ago, it still continues to withhold money from me. good news. they took my credit card yesterday again 4.99 cad. this is second time....
not great but ok. i gave a review a few years ago when the online version first came out and it was bad. they resolved many of the issues and now it runs really well. i don't have any crashes can do almost everything that my laptop version online can do. i highly recommend it.
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
no multiple account support?. would like to give it a better rating but without multiple account functionality it's value for me is limited. otherwise good functionality.
i gotta say. i'm very impressed. it works perfectly with all the support needed.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
. this app not work in my phone .i am opening this the screen is black.i am purchased 1 year subscription in last two days back.
this is amazing. app gets better all the time. and i getpaid faster with the easy to use app. thank qb
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
. probably more than i need as a small business, but no shortage and features and certainly gets the job done. simple enough to use for those that don't want to get a doctorate in quickbooks, but for those that do want to get a doctorate in quickbooks there is certainly enough features that you could easily use it for everything!
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
. quickbooks lover for years so app is right for me
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
for what do you need my number?. are you seriously? i have to make up an account with number? for what do you need this information? why u can’t make an app without stupid registration?
business app. convenient way to manage business accounting on the go.
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
. the worst!!!! i switched to a new phone and now it doesn't recognize my user name and password. it even allowed me to change the password and then wouldn't recognize the new one. called twice to resolve the problem. first time, 35 minute wait and hung up. 2nd time 40 minute wait, hung up. i will be canceling my subscription and looking for a quality competitor who values customer service. what a shame!
. no problems for me. works great
general manager. garbage company
no longer loads. after upgrading quickbooks online, this app no longer loads on ipad or iphone. please fix.
user friendly. love quickbooks still getting used to everything it offers
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
pretty complete finance from your phone. i'm not too sure about the need for a separate app for payroll, but this does work as advertised for the most part.
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
waste of time. i paid for the app to get the discount, spent an afternoon inputting information and suddenly it wouldn’t save anything. logged out, rebooted, problem still existed. uninstalled app. on reinstall, the system didn’t recognize my login and i couldn’t access any of the work i input. apple has my $$$ though!
quickbooks online w app. i have totally enjoyed using this product. they have actually improved through several years of my usage. keep it up and, please keep the price down!
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
. takes ages to load then crashes to a black screen. i have had the app for 3 months or so and only ever got it working for a few moments once. as it is so unreliable i could not trust it as an app to rely on, for example to use in front of a customer in their home, therefore i cannot recommend this app. i run a ltd company and we use qb as our accounting software.
great ap. i love using this quick books online. very easy to use and it a lows me to use my ipad phone or desktop to access your account.
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
worthless app. i was excited to find this app and, unfortunately, downloaded it. i really cannot figure out what is good for other than creating invoices. confusing when you open the app, it does not get better as you get into it, not that there is anything to get into. i run a small non profit & just found this app useless, except for taking up space. what a pity as i have been a qb user for years.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
. think it is great to a point. having trouble posting a sales receipt. can't get to my comp. wanting and needing more.
lies. says free, makes you sign up for an account saying try it free, and then says you don't have a subscription and closes. bullshit app. deleted.
simple and easy. i find the app and the computer program simple and easy to navigate. i operate my small business using quickbooks and i am yet to have an issue.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
recommended. very user friendly and easy setup.
logo. this is a great mobile app but i wish you could put your own logo on the invoices.
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
best app. i am using this app for my business. it is so easy and accurate. i really like it.
time tracking. i can create an estimate on the go and keep track of my time in a job.
. ☢️ testversion — 30tage  nur englisch 👎🏼 ☢️ deinstallliert ⚠️ edit: aber wozu eine app, wenn ich um die website nicht herumkomme ⁉️
best accounting app i've used. this makes my business run smooth and conveniently, i hope they bring more functionality to it still.
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
better than tinder. good app.
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
. cant even login. keeps telling me to restart app amd try again
. very good and useful software.
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
app crashes. ever since update cannot open app. need to fix immediately.
really2 great application. i wish i have found this software 8 years back and it can help me save thousand spent on trying many other software
. connect to banking and reconcile in minutes. email invoices...so no snail mail.
please fix. we use quickbooks constantly. it has enabled us to grow at a much faster rate, helped us keep our books in order, and allows us to take online payments easily. however, the recent update has been causing the app to close unexpectedly and also has many other glitches. please fix intuit. we are not hating on quickbooks, but this is the worst update we have ever seen.
quickbooks. if you use quick books you have to have this app. its a must have
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
app doesn't work. since updating this a couple of days ago, can't open the app at all. please sort!
. good app
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
. your app is garbage. i've had to reset my password 4 times and have the verification code texted and phoned to me several times and still nothing. thanks for wasting 1 hour of my time that i cannot get back😠😠😠😠😠
contractor. amazing product for having customers and businesses on point and updated on the spot
excellent app. i cannot tell you how much time i'm saving now. i wish i had changed to online years ago.
error. can't even log in:(
quick books makes my life easier!. doing estimates and sending invoices is easier then ever!
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
. i use this app while i had my quickbooks trial, and it seemed to be working fine. the minute i subscribed, the app stopped working properly. i emailed support, no one seems to be answering my questions, and when i phone the customer service, they don't know how to help with the app. i'm stuck and ready to cancel the whole thing.
. best app for keeping up with your expenses
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
fantastic qb's app. this app is great! works just as good, if not better, as the desktop version. to me it seems even more user friendly & it is just so convenient when on the go. definitely download! it works so well, i decided to pay the monthly fee to use it.
queers. geysnlesbians
waste of valuable time.. all i wanted was a simple app to send 1 (one) out of state customer an invoice at the end of the month. my other 2 (two) customers don't really need one. took an hour to set it up and a couple more to figure out i was declined. just wanted something simple.
handy app for small businesses. *****
. great software. i think very soon, it will change the way people maintain books
unable to access my account. this app does not work. i am unable to access my account it just goes back to the splash screen.
great app!. i love the flexibility of having my company info at all times.
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
. at some point the app stopped attaching photo receipts to my expenses. now i've lost several months worth of receipts.
awesome app. downloaded it now u won't regret it
. je ne sais pas je connais pas encor
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
. brilliant app for small business owners
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. nice concept but still have to buy additional app :(
. fairly easy to use however it could be smoother when you enter new transactions instead of having to go all the way back to the drop down menu.
just started. i just started my business and only had a few transactions. when i downloaded qb online it was simple and everything reconciled perfectly. it's easier then the old software too which i am use to using.
band download not working. can't download bank transactions for months now.
on track. keeping track of daily expenditure, and the performance of my business is so much easier with this app.
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
not working after ios13 update. updated to apples latest software and this app stopped working
. great accounting program thanks!
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. this is the absolute worst application. my account has never reconciled. cancelled the subscription. it's worthless.
perfect for construction guys. i'm always running from job to job and the mobility to give estimates and invoice is on the spot is priceless... plus the customizable terms for each buildercustomer with the added alerts helps me stay on top of receivables
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
. when is the app going to be available for india??
worth the buy!!!!. quickbooks mobile has made estimates and invoicing so much easier! definitely with the buy for any small business!
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
. fantastic easy and quick to use. makes my life so much easier!
great app!. very useful, but i think it still needs some work. very limited, need to offer more functions.
needs a lot of work. needs the ability to update bank accounts from the bank, as for now it only syncs with updates made on my windows or mac computers. needs access to all reports available. i had hoped this app would be a full version substitute when a laptop or desktop computer is not available.
easy to use. hey it's worth the money easy to understand and help you to keep track of everything access anywhere .this is the future! thank you quickbooks
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
not useful. hard to use. logs out when you switch screens. fields not consistent.
works good for me.. for myself a small company works well for billing on the road. was able to download and email general information to acquire a business loan while on the road. not as customizable as some accounting software bit still great for the price. support is alright. i have talked to someone quickly every time i call during business hours.
". we really like quickbooks online. it works nice but, the android phone and apple ipad apps still need some work. while functional in some things, overall app needs improved. we still use it, only when absolutely necessary, not a go to thing. my rating will change to 10 stars when  ""if"" they update these apps. but qb in general, love it!"
horrible. please update this app so it stops crashing during every use!!! also, critical updates every time you try and do anything???? getting old and frustrating. fix it!!!!! also, why when you update a transaction, it saves it from before the update, so you are doing the work twice???
easy, fast and efficient. this app keeps me organized and on top of my cash flow. it is easier to use than the web interface and it's always with me when i'm on the road. as a mobile trainer, this is invaluable. once customers and vendors are set up, it takes seconds to update invoices, payments, and receipts. highly recommend.
. using this app had help me reduce the time required to prepare my client account significantly from months to just weeks. some from 23 years backlog to weeks. i can use the time saved for other aspects of my client business.
. no expenses apple app has expenses. android does not. somebody please explain me logic of it. android ppl only care to make money? we spend nothing! yey
simple and magnificent. love it. that is all. 😀
missing functionality. reliable app but authentication is too slow. also some features aren't available. i sometimes just use the web app through the browser to access those features.
background usage accounts for 50 percent of battery life. this app completely drains my battery. i thought my battery was broken and was about to replace it, but apple tech report suggested i check on battery usage by app and i discovered quickbooks was the culprit.
. simple and easy to use
we need an update for iphone x. we need an update for iphone x. in addition, we need the function to add cc recipient when sending out quotes or invoices. other than those 2 things, it is good.
could be a lot better. in this app you can't do a lot of things that you can do online even with a mobile phone or a tablet it still limited on the functions that i can do i still have to get on my computer so having the online version is no different than having the desktop version
. an amazing business tool. once you learn its functions, it's like having a professional cpa 247 for all your financial accounting needs! highly recommend this app.
. great app. never knew how much time you spen in transit until the tracking app was installed. 👍👍
worthless on ios13. out of all the apps i have, this is the only one that wasn’t ready for ios13. it was worthless during the entire public beta process & i was hoping with the actual ios 13 release, it would be updated. not the case, still worthless. doesn’t work on my iphone or ipad. it was the convenience of having quickbooks on the go that sold me in the first place. not the case anymore.
great app!. ah
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
won’t interface to bank any more. after several months since my bank kicked qb out of accessing my bank account for reconciling, the problem still remains. accessing my bank account and reconciling all transactions over my iphone was my number one reason to use qb. still disappointed. i have to pay a bookkeeper to do my books with qb now. why can xero have bank access but qb can’t sort itself out after several months !
. great app
better than desktop. used to use desktop version of quick books which unless you were an accountant was near impossible for the average person to use. qb online is so much more user friendly!
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk please tell me who to email in response qb
great app to keep your business organized. inuit has come along way
love it. very simple you use and looks professional, only think i’d say is don’t let your trail run completely out before you buy because it won’t instantly be back up and running takes a few days
biggest disappointment. the biggest disappointment is no ability to do purchase orders. when i’m out in the field this is a huge disadvantage and i still have to break out the laptop!
love it!. we use it for invoicing and i has been a great experience. we love that we can access from anywhere including our smartphones through the app!
improvements need to be in desktop version too. happy to have amount remaining automatically calculated in expense entries when splitting items between multiple categories! the online desktop version used to have this feature as well but went way with a recent upgrade, add it back please
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
qbo app rocks!. finally, we given the proper tools to make educated financial decisions on the go! thank you intuit!
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
does not work. vendors don't display but when you try to add the vendor you can't find it tells you that the vendor already exist. even if account #'s are turned of ipad version still shows them. not worth the frustration!!!!!!!!!!!!
. i like everything, really good app to use!!! you guy, still need to work on user friendly things.
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
worthless. some functions don't work at all like banking. doesn't load account activity. it's so useless i have to use mobile web version.
extraordinary app for business beyond traditional desktop. quickbooks rules a new dimension on simplified business processes. it is a great app well synchronized with online services, so you can manage different critical aspects of your business on the way and connected. its interface reflects trust, flexibility and fluidity.
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
. so far the ability to track expenses has been extremely easy and seamless.
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go but would love to have the actual versus budget comparison on the dashboard instead of having to bring up a report.
expense and banking. until these two options are available this app is of little use.
. samsung galaxy s4 i rarely give five stars. i dont use this app like i thought i would but may in the future.
. this app really needs the ability to add delayed charge. how else is a user supposed to log billable time spent in the field?
no app support for time activity. come on quickbooks! no time activity entry in the app?! ridiculous!
. as someone starting a small business, i needed a quick and effective way to keep track of receipts, other costs, mileage, as well as sales and track a percentage of my profits that goes to a charity. i love having this easy to use app on my phone so i can input info on the go! highly recommend for the small independent business owner.
ok app. missing alot of important features
. no good for basic simple book keeping and way to complicated. why would you trust a group of app developers will your banking details
easy to use, powerful, accessible and secure.. i've been using it for 2 years and it's been great.
efficient. does all the work, and reminds me to collect on overdue invoices. i love it! not very expensive either!
. they just did a huge update and didn't change any of the items i'm having problems with. the app is useless to me with line items abbreviated. how do i know what i'm entering?
. qbo is the best accounting software ever! the only feature missing from the app is payroll which i would really like.
. found a better app for my needs
still missing a lot.... if i can't manually or automatically integrate my bank account, then that's something huge missing. when you have an idea that is usable worldwide then you make it as easy as possible to use. bottom line: i want to be able to add my bank account manually and see bank transactions on the dashboard since my country's banks are not supported. more so,it takes forever to open
. great and..comfortable. app. but they. should lower the price.to.small.bussines
. for an app qbo is awesome. it does not have all the features of a desktop program but what app does? you guys are doing an incredible job and making impovements to both program and app all the time.
bmb. i cannot connect with my canadian credit union. have been using app for several months now. it is both good and bad. i love that i can take my work with me to record with my ipad, but would like to be able to transfer transactions from quickbooks online to quickbooks pro 2014.
. really good for simple operations i only needed the app for a small subset of operations.... that is, quickly open,edit, and send an invoice. i am thankful for that capability. perhaps intuit could stress that the app is not intended to be full blast qbo.
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have littleno confidence in the product.
excellent. i am a pro exterminator and i have been using this app since i launched my company federal bug investigators in 2012. it's features are amazing and allow me to create an invoice, charge a card on the spot and more, while out in the field or away from the office. thanks to this technology i am an elite entrepreneur.
. would be nice if the app would recognize the info on the receipt when you take a pic of it
business owner. qb app is so hard to use and is different on every device. if you lose connection while creating an estimateinvoice etc. you will lose all info imputed and have to reenter everything again
love this product. i've been using qb for years. every year it get better than the year before. i won't use any other accounting software.
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
. would be even more great if you could send your invoice with whattsapp
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
. very bad experience.
still no progress invoicing!. great app for running a business on the road. i wish it had progressive invoicing...
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent"
great app. i personally find the app easier then the desktop version. everything is quick and easy to do. raise an invoice or estimate instantly and see your bank account balance. great.
jan 2019 update is a fail. i’m a daily  hourly user. the january 2019 update won’t keep me logged in. after about 90 seconds i get an error message and get logged out.
"good but not perfect.. a feature is missing that you get on the website for example, search i can't search invoices in the app through ""memo"". why!!!!??? please fix or add a ""memo"" search option, please!!!"
awesome app. let's me run the financial end of my business anywhere.
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
app crashes. everything was great until one day the app crashed. now crashes every time i open it. reinstalled and same issue. help????
. great app the only thing missing is the ability to enter a mileage report.
getting there.... the lack of ability to create bank deposits is vexing. also, would be nice to work with downloaded transactions. works with mint, why not qbo app?
. the app is currently not working as i cannot login for the last few days. i can login to their website so it's just the app. i have sent the error log a few times and still no fix. i have deleted the app and redownloaded still no luck.
makes it so easy.. it is fast and simple to use. this has been a great addition to my took kit.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
switching between companies. how come i cannot switch companies? cannot run p&l and balance sheet based on dates?
. nice software and easy way to learn.
. so far so good; this app should provide a snapshot of the company as first view.
. why can't i login
makes life easier. only wished i could do more on it, instead of having to input on my pc.
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
not working properly after update #2. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. my books don't match from my phone to my computer. the pin still doesn't work, every time i edited an invoice it magically created a copy of an invoice that showed up 2 days later. now i have a ton of clean up to do in my books. it's time for me to find new accounting software.
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
. this is a f_____ing scam i have been trying to cancel this confusing app for months i need some help
online quick books rocks!. they do a great job with this application. amazing how you can create invoices on the road and take deposits from your phone!
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
. i've been trying to download the app for 12 hours. i've got solid internet. i've restarted my phone twice. it wouldn't let me submit a comment until now. what's up?
. so easy and saves money on bookkeeping, very simple for non tech savvy
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
3 year user.. lots of glitches. signs me out within seconds of logging in and there’s many steps just to put items into an invoice or receipt.
. app is great once you practice it
efficient. does all the work, and reminds me to collect on overdue invoices. i love it! not very expensive either!
very unintuitive. is hard to tell which expenses are finalized which ones aren't. it's just not a very friendly interface.
qb online. personal accounting made easier
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
sweet baby jesus this is exactly what i need. it has never been so easy to stay so financially organized. as someone who os chronically disorganized this app is a blessing. definitely worth the price when you need to record your expenses and write receipts, invoices and all sorts of other business related things to be professional.
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
. what an utter waste of my money for initially subscribing to it. very difficult to use. the questions are complicated when declaring expenses. don't bother using this app better keeping your own ledger!
best business app!. so easy to use!! very clear info and graphs make it quick and easy to check your profit and loss and see exactly where you spend money and where the most income is coming from!
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
. always problems connecting to my bank tsb in the uk. and i'm paying for this service... there's potential for it to be a great app though if it worked.
awesome business app. real time saver with awesome easy features that makes book keeping a breeze.
. app doesnt start until i hit link 4 ot 5 times
stuff always wrong or glitchy. seems every time i turn on quickbooks by pc or mobile app, something doesn't work! never buy online version, it sucks
. good easy compliment app to the cloud. could use some improvements for speed and updating however very easy to use
excellent app. i cannot tell you how much time i'm saving now. i wish i had changed to online years ago.
struggle. guys i've been struggling to log in onto this app from my galaxy s6 for several weeks now, i'm considering switching to another provider. please fix this bug. ive tried for hours at a time, everytime it asks me if i am a robot, but it never logs in just hours of saying signign in. the whole point of having this app is being able to do stuff on the go and right now thats not working...
great app!!!. this is a great app for my small business. i can make and send out invoices from my phone. which is great!!
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
". expensive, not user friendly, cannot send invoices from mobile app and support not able to solve the problem?????? update: the problem was being ""dealt with"" since 4 weeks before my rating. then a few more weeks later it mysteriously became resolved. now the announced g suite integration... where is it? i'm in the uk?"
. great app! well worth the investment!!
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
". this app is trash, has me very upset won't let me add a bank account just keeps saying ""hmm connection error"". this is bs i just signed up for this service and won't let me connect your app sucks and most likely will seek a refund. have tried wifi, mobile, what the funk, not quick in my opinion..."
. over all great app. there are some things i would like to see different, but it serves its purpose.
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
. very close to cancelling my subscription as app doesn't work. after adding 45 receipts i get an error message that my request cannot be added and i should call customer support. have tried reinstalling clearing cache signing out and nothing works permanently very frustrated
electrician. this is app for business
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
not able to login. never download this app. i have reported this error many times to the quickbooks support team. till this date they haven't even just looked into this issue.
. loved this app
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
very confusing interface. i'm using this because of convenience, not usability. customizing your forms is excruciating at best. auto fill functions don't work sometimes. good luck finding your saved form when you want to finish and send it. and why can't i load data from a po to a vendor and an invoice to a customer? i could go on, but won't. but seriously, the form design features are just ridiculously cumbersome and make me want to toss my laptop out the window. carry on.
great help. i love technology.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
update is horrible!. i've been using qb online app for a long time. and it seem like the app finally had started to improve and now this latest update has caused some great frustration. i do not recommend updating totally get these glitches resolved.
. excellent lots of options for writing reports and looking up data
not very user friendly.. not very user friendly. have to open the app twice every time i use it. it says critical updates required log out and log in to refresh. every. single. time. i . open. the. app. i’ve tried deleting and reinstalling multiple times. when entering receipts it could have a search box at the top of vendor list do you don’t have to ask to search every time.
. i haven't been able to update a draft invoice via mobile in over 2 years and it's been a known issue? instead of adding new reports all the time, work on the basics please.
saves me 250month on payroll.. i can now run my corporation from my tablet, without an accountant. invoice on job site while on the clock instead of for free at home away from kids. also it’s 250 bucks a month cheaper for qb to do my payroll compared to my accountant to do quarterly sales tax reporting and weekly payroll for 1 5 employees...
make thing simple. we work away from the office all the time. q on the smart phone makes that easy. and it has never locked any of phones up. it work great.
not like the online version. the app is alright. missing a lot of feature (if you compare it to the online version) but if they come up with a solution and have them on the app version i would rate it 5 stars.
owner. great app
consider other programs.... purchased quickbooks for the fact it is easy to photograph receipts and upload, which worked for about 2 weeks and now always comes up with a error.... tried reinstalling etc, still doesn’t work. useless.
not intuitive, not flexible, once in your stuck. terrible decision for a simple accounting software. converted from computer version...very unhappy.
great app. saved me hours of paperwork, great app 👍
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
. i've already logged in, but, somehow, i've been logged out. then try to log in once again and it doesn't work. the loading indicator just spins the whole time.
. great app. keeps all my business expenses in order.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
. update sucks
great app. works very well with the ipad. allows you to make invoices and notes on the go. much better being cloud based than pc based. it costs more but it definitely worth it when it comes to the convenience.
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
cannot drill down for info. why bother making an app if you can't drill down for information? i am able to have full functionality with our hosted data base, so why can't intuit make this happen? i love intuit's products, so this is most disappointing.
. my go to business app...always works great.
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
touch id fail. please stop making us enter a password everyday. every other app that uses touch id doesn't have this issue. thumbs down qb 👎🏼
. great app
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
. underrwhelmed this doesn't do anything but receipts and invoices. does anyone's company run without reports or balances. there is no way this is helpful! reloaded thinking something may have changed....not. no account balances. no reports. so very disappointed still.
excellent app. im using quickbooks plus online n also the app..its easy to use...but sometime delay to update in the app after do activity in desktop.. ☺
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
update killed app for me!. used to love this app as i’m a paid subscriber, but the recent update doesn’t launch anymore. i’ve tried removing and reinstalling same result. iphone x.
. great app, very ready to track income and expenses. making and tracking invoices is so easy even easier then on the computer, reports and everything is really easy to access and track.
kevin morton. easy. not using any other software.
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
portable accounts. create and send invoices wherever i am.
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
. extremely limited functionality. disappointing that intuit doesn't wake up to the extended needs of the new mobile app world. despite their efforts, feels like they can't shake the qb desktop mentality.
great app. 👍🏼
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
prettt good. it’s a good app, i’d have given it 5 stars but the sequential number doesn’t load when using the app. this means to produce an invoice you have to go back and look up the last invoice number.
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
touch id does not work. i have it checked and yet when i load the app it keeps asking for password. pointless, just remove touch id as an option since it does not work as it should.
great app. it is what it is. it an app. it won't have all the features of a computer and you should not expect it to. does exactly what i need it to in the field.
basic functionality is good. this app has a lot of the data that i want to see. limitations are that you cannot do queries or make selections like the online version. i would like it to look and work more like the online version, then i would rate it 5.
don’t update!. so many bugs. a bunch of features have changed for the worse! running on ipad pro 11” ios 13.1.2
. awesome app and links with qb online.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
log in feature.. new version requires you to log in each day, while this may not sound horrible, this app was created for ease of use. previous versions required you to log in once, then your finger print or 4 digit passcode would suffice. please bring that back.
. this is a easy to use app and makes keeping track of finances easy i'm still having no problems using quickbooks and it just gets easier and easier . and if you need help the team is there , i recommend this especially if you have no real experience u swing an accounting system
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
. app crashes all the time
love it!. so far the app is easy to navigate and i like using it.
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
longtime quickbooks user. always pleased with the updates. best program i've used. very user friendly
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
needs tip option. please add tip option when customer signs credit card transaction like in go payment
. this app is like having my own accountant
clue live design. i'm a small business owner and pretty new on here too. since i have had quickbook payments i never receive any problem on the product via laptop, phone or ipad. i see the updates been give problem for others but it just work excellent for me.
can’t record invoice payments. i upgraded my phone from an iphone 8 plus to an xr running ios 13. i installed the quickbooks app from the apple store. when i try to record invoice payments, i get the following error: qbm.error.00001160.reason.iphone i have not found any articles about this error online.
. awesome app
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
scanning receipt yet to be as effective.. i was using neat desk for scanning and it captures all bills. if quick book cannimprove receipt scanning for cab and other bills it will be wonderful.
. this app works great
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
slow to use on ipad. i have found quickbooks slow & frustrating to use on my work ipad it takes a long time to load pages.
. it's great to send invoices and estimates through email from my phone
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
. incredibly buggy, takes forever to open and crashes on every action. cannot move from xero to quickbooks while the apps remains this bad.
. the app is really handy when adding expenses. easy to navigate.
. great app. never knew how much time you spen in transit until the tracking app was installed. 👍👍
app crashes on ios13.0 & 13.1. i’ve just updated the app and it’s still crashing on ios13.0 and also 13.1. i have tried to make contact with the developers via the support page but it also loads to blank pages after opening chat.
. very useful and easy to use on the go. price friendly too
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
. app doesn't want to update. i need to use it now not later. this is unacceptable.
. after some learning of how it works i find it a very good program to use and suites my needs very happy
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
not impressed with this software. i am not able to add my bank account.
very effective. i’ve used very expensive accounting software but quickbooks offers just as much as many do at a fraction of the price.
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
this app does not function properly on ios13. i cannot view any customer files. i can search for them, but the app will not let me click on a customer to edit invoices.
great app. like it.
. extremely useless and convenient!
service date doesn't work. will give a higher rating when everything works right, but that is too important to have working right for quickbooks to continue to ignore.
great so far. using quickbooks for the first time, so far, input is quick and easy. this app is making it possible to start my own business.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
app. using this app is like being your own accountant. it helps keep track of your income and expenses. i highly recommend to all self employed people.
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎"
michael a. plouffe, jr.  business development. i love it! so far, no issues. just a matter of learning how to use the many tools to my advantage! once as a company we get it down, sky is the limit! allowing my job to be much easier, organized and with an accurate customer data base! michael a. plouffe, jr. head of business development premier sealcoating & line striping inc. sealerseller@gmail.com www.premiersealcoatingma.com
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. i keep getting a error that says unable to view payment because it includes finance charges. very frustrating when you can't view invoices.
. great app, really so much better than anything else, there are a few things i would like to improve my experience... hard to explain... but i'll try... when i assign expenses on my phone, i have to go on to a desktop to tick billable.... does that make sense?
clue live design. i'm a small business owner and pretty new on here too. since i have had quickbook payments i never receive any problem on the product via laptop, phone or ipad. i see the updates been give problem for others but it just work excellent for me.
login will not allow me to paste my password. i use quickbooks online, so i use a very strong password that is stored in an app (1password). it would be extremely annoying to hand type a 25 character random password into this app. and i'm unwilling to compromise my security for my online financial data. therefore this app is totally useless to me.
great small business tool. very easy to navigate and enter information. i can enter data on my home computer and then access it with my phone when i'm not in the office. great app
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
. didn't get any customer services after emailing them.
don't believe the negative reviews!!. i think the application is a huge time saver. works great on my ipad air 2. i strongly recommend this app! it's like getting a full time bookkeeper for only $30 per month! i like having my business records semiautomated in the cloud. intuit offers a 30 day trial. why not just try before you buy? that's what i did and i haven't been disappointed.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
not tablet friendly. i use this everyday but the biggest problem is the tablet version is not very good when doing estimates, the format is completely different than the pc version
great app. really happy and love quickbooks
. can't log in why won't it let me sign in? this is awful! please fix quickly!!
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
easy to use. works so good for business on the go.
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
. really quick and simple set up. easy to use. no problems so far. perfect for a small business.
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
slow books. i am constantly waiting in front of my customers for qb to load
. the quickbooks app has been a life saver! very easy to use and helps when i need to do estimates or invoices on the go.
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
loved the app until banking disappeared. i mainly use my computer to do most of our accounting but loved having the app so i could accept banking transactions during short periods of downtime thereby keeping our bank balance up to date all the time. then today i went to catch up on accepting transactions and banking has totally disappeared from the menu. help! what happened? i deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail.
quickbooks app. last update is much better. use for day to day operation and quick entries.
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
horrible accounting program. barely an accounting program. one would think qb would create an online version mirroring their desktop software. navigating the online software is a headache, let alone using it for basic accounting purposes. of course qb ever improving their software is as likely to happen as me winning the lottery.
. love the app. can do work any place.
. cant add expenses or clients to qb through my smart phone
. i run a small electrical company and the app does not let you do cis payments like the online version of this. this takes the mobile out of this app for us and only allows cis payments to be done on a desktop with windows...its very annoying as apart from that its ok
new update is amazing. incredibly user friendly with additions of dashboards
ios 13; don’t do it!. if you need this app to work correctly do not upgrade to ios 13 yet! many bugs... my worst bug: can’t look at any customer info anymore, does not work. yes i uninstalled and reinstalled...
. not bad if all you need is basic access and are happy to ignore or correct inconsistencies in the web interface after. there are a lot of data fields missing in product and customer creation. you can't view or create purchase orders and no data regarding them is included in the activity and dashboard views. not a lot of development and improvement in over a year.
. the app is great. the only thing is the monthly price continues to go up.
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
unable to download. i am trying to download the app but could not
. works great . easy to create and send invoices. highly recommended .
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
. installed on android yesterday. cannot see anything on dashboard. called customer service and they don't know anything about the issue and can't help. she said she can see it on her iphone. account can be seen on desktop version but the mobile app is useless.
besi. it just makes life easier awesome app
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
. why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
. good app. looking forward to the future and a full use of the online version in the app.
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
tonya pitchford. app and product are useless for my particular business. very hard to deal with, fees are high
. love this app
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
"convoluted. extremely difficult to navigate. what should be a simple site to use, turns out to be very convoluted. far, far too many ""choices"" on how to input invoiced paid. transferring data from your bank account is a nightmare. site keeps suggesting i've already added that data....saying, oops, you have a ""match"". welllll, yeeees, many of my monthly bills are exactly the same amount each month, a recurring bill. not a match. arrggggg"
does the job. very effective app to make small business owners productive.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
all but useless. response time simply toooooo slow. customer would have to wait 5 mins for data.
. love this app. life has gotten so much more organized and business transactions so much easier
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
excellent!!!. i just love this app. i has allow me to invoice and collect payment at the point of sale without the paper work fuzz. it has allow me to improve my cash flow while increasing my efficiency while i am in the field. my only regret, i should have implemented much sooner into my mobile service.
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
. very user friendly!
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
not happy any longer!. having issues logging in every single time now, very frustrating and not happy at all. always asking for finger print, and when typing in my password, it takes about 5 attempts before it’ll login to my company info. also having a constant lag when trying to inputsubmit any items to customers. this is extremely upsetting when trying to submit invoices before a deadline.
. thanks for the fix. i am revising review.
. great app except one thing... why is intuit nickel and dimming us for tools and apps. i can understand pay extra for using the payroll feature in the actual program but paying for an app is stupid. if they made this app free i would be will to bet sales for software and online versions would increase more than enough to pay for the app development and running costs. other than that, great app.
. i have 2 quickbooks online accounts. not only does the login not even process half of the time, my accounts from one company show up under the other. if you're looking to move to quickbooks online for the mobile app you're going to have to wait. af far as bug fixes go, this has been going on for at least 10 months now so i'm not holding my breath.
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
a handy little companion but it wont replace the website. a number of features from the web portal are missing such as matching bank transactions but its ok to use simply to check your chart of accounts and to record expenses.
bill pay ach services via intuit are so difficult. 2 months 3 support tickets, 3 phones 1.5 hours each, and so many emails i lost count... still can not get the ach funds deposited. if i did not know better i think they are just trying to see if i give up so they can keep the funds... i am not impressed, and quite honestly will probably cancel all of it.
. great app
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
. very miss leading and is nothink like the tv advert. not to easy to use and over all disappointed. having to use it because of my accountant. no impressed!!!! also no english call centre's! you can't understand the customer help line team as there english is poor. needs english call centres employing english to overcome this problem!!!!!
best app. i wish, i was aware of this an year ago. nevertheless, loving this ....
clue live design. i'm a small business owner and pretty new on here too. since i have had quickbook payments i never receive any problem on the product via laptop, phone or ipad. i see the updates been give problem for others but it just work excellent for me.
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
awesome. user friendly and far better than any application available... i love it
. preparing to start a business and this software was rated the best. i took a 5 day class for 4hours. i was so happy that i downloaded this app and used in class too.
why bother?. don't understand why they bothered developing this app? much more functionality available using safari and logging into quickbooks!
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
rubbish. absolutely rubbish since the last update . keeps crashing on iphone xr. screen message = app needs to close due to critical updates. happens 2030 x times a day when trying to set up an invoice estimate etc. test your updates before release you them, you idiots!
wow, did this app save our business. we are in florida and have had no power or internet for over one week. this app saved our real estate rental business. everything you can do on your desktop, you can do with your ipad, using this app. all customer data is stored on the cloud. this app is mandatory if you get hit by a disaster!
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
. this was almost my solution to doing invoices on the road. unfortunately, they do not allow pdf attachments when sending an email. i need to send a pdf not jpegs so until this option is added this app is useless for me.
really convenient to use. you can use any mobile device to create invoice and doing expense! really use to use and user friendly!
. current version leaves the expense input screen up after adding an expense. this can make you double entry as you're left with wondering if the first expense entry went through. otherwise seems stable.
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
". i am a new user to quickbooks and to the quickbooks online, and i have enjoyed the flexibility the app allows those of us who are constantly ""onthego."" it is a beneficial convenience for our employees who office out of their vehicle daily, traveling from plumbing appointment to plumbing appointment."
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
. info lost. i was using the service for my business last year and started in march. in november the app crashed. when it did all my saved receipts mileage and info was lost. i can't even login any longer. when i called they said there is no support for the app except online. so i cant even speak to a rep. so all my info gone and i'm still being charged for a year and a half now for a service that never existed.
best small business tool ever!. this has been the best business tool for my sole proprietorship. my accountant also loves it as she can prepare my taxes with ease. i couldn't have made it without quickbooks, or at least maintained my sanity.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
. trash app. havent been able to sign in for the last 2 months
best app for small businesses. i own and operate a small it consulting company and this is the best business management app in the world. i can literally walk into an office or home of a new customer, add their information and invoice them on the spot. no need to mail an invoice and wait days or weeks. not to mention its very inexpensive.
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wasted almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
amazing. this is so much easier to use and access. we are out in the field more time than at the office and to be able to email am invoice to a customer in front of him is awesome.
latest update is garbage. app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
. ne fonctionne plus depuis hier
seriously easy software. great app for a great product!
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
how did they not see this coming?. quickbooks is currently not working on any update from apple. doesn't work in ios 10, doesn't work on safari 10 on the mac, can't download the mac app! business has been crippled for days. a business app like this needs far better reliability!
easy and convenient. as a first time user, both app and desk top versions of quick is easy to use. moreover, the app makes my life much easier. even when i'm out of the office, invoicing, paying, receiving, and quick views of current status can be done at the fingertips.
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
why!?!. this app and online program is insanely buggy. every time i try and open the app it takes five or six trys before it loads. once it loads i am satisfied at best with the user experience, but if my internet connection isn't a gig a second the app crashes. i wish i didn't pay for a years worth of service or i would delete it with extreme prejudice.
there’s just 1 thing... i have been loving the way this program functions. the only thing i continually wish for is that i would be notified when a customer opens an estimate, not just the invoice.
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
. great app simplified my daily work.
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
can't open.. i loved this app. i could work up estimates on the spot. add my receipts. it was really functional. i just got a note 5 and it won't even open the app. if not fixed soon. i will cancel my membership.
. gd apps
crashing after ios 13 update. after ios 13. i can not log into my quickbooks app please fix this asap
poor experience. the app is extremely buggy, unstable, and very slow. logging into the app is unpredictable and i'm randomly logged out. entering receipts is quite painful to say the least, and is impossible without a decent internet connection.
overall i recommend this app. i have a mobile veterinary service and use this for all of my billing while i'm on the road. it saves me time by allowing me to bill my clients on site at the time of service, and even process the credit card if they choose to pay that way. the only downside is that the cost per month lewis going up.
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
buggy. app has been very buggy. for a few months i lost the ability to add expenses and not every time i click on home the app closes. using brand new iphone 7.
overdue but great! gorgeous!. this app is way, way overdue, but at least they got it right the first time around. no it doesn't do everything the website does, but nailed, adding buttons (functionality) is the easy part. it's definitely one of the best looking apps on my ipad.
not free. unless i missed it this app says free. when you try to utilize it, it asks for $$$. if i'm wrong i will change the review immediately.
great service. login problems.. live this service. just got a new phone (note 4). cannot login. i get emailpassword error. i've reset my password several times and can login online just fine.
great app!. this app saves me so much time! it lets me run my business much more efficiently! wouldn't be quite as successful without it. it also has very professional invoices and estimates
easy and effective. very easy and convenient, would just like if they add the ability to create a purchase order to suppliers from the app.
. garbage. doesn't even have a spot to track vehicle expenses. in the self employed version you can. but you can't track hst. would be nice to have one option for everything.
new to qb app. love it
in sync. i would give it a 5 if the ipad and android versions were synced faster and had the same features.
. you are loosing users. i also cann't login. please give me possible way to sign up.
excellent for doing my accounts. this company is excellent i have a taxi company i can do my accounts online and why am waiting for customers if i have any problems they always solve them very quickly i would highly recommend
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
not good. app and site are actually kind of bad. slow to load. not enough options. will try xero soon
. useful, but doesn't replace desktop so far it will do most of what i need while out in the field. would like it to eliminate the need to use desktop once and for all. i use this daily.
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
. app takes forever to load on my one plus 5t. will not load banking feed to organize payment catagories. man, for how much we pay for this service, you would think it would have a rocking app....
. wonderful app
good app for business owners. i think the app does a good job with tracking expenses and billing. as a whole i think there may be better programs out there. do you research before signing up.
subscription portal broken. infuriating support staff that don't have a clue. actually tried to make me pay a second subscription to access my data.
owner. great app
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
great app. this is very handy when running a business on the go.
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
do not use mobile to create your account. lost all our data on our old account because apparently if you first sign up using ios you absolutely cannot continue the subscription using your computer. had to just make a new account. you also can’t access any of the profile from the computer once the subscription runs out so i wasn’t able to download and save any of the data either. do not use mobile to create yor account.
awesome app. i run a small business and i use quick books to manage my entire business! from estimates to invoices to getting paid its all so easy and fun to use! thanks guys
little disappointed. qb on the cloud is a great idea and that's why i'm using it. however  wouldn't it be nice if the mobile version dis half what the desktop version does. i use mint for my personal finances and for a free service their app does it all. qb please get some programmers to get this app fully functional! i understand that you may not include every function but expenses??? that's something i expected to be able to do on the road.
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wasted almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
good but.... very useful, but needs flexibility for budgeting and more reports. i do most of my work on my ipad so it falls short of desktop online version.
easy and effective. very easy and convenient, would just like if they add the ability to create a purchase order to suppliers from the app.
waste of time and slow. i didn’t even get past the registration. the app was soo slow and laggy when i was trying to put my details in i gave up. couldn’t imagine the amount of time i’d waste trying to write up quotes or invoices on it. avoid!!!
great app!. i can operate from my cell phone and know where i stand in my finances while on the go! great app.
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
only for ar. this app pretty much just acts as a payments rec'd recorder. has no other functionality that i can see. need to enter vendor invoices on the go so it would be nice if , even if it doesn't have full functionality, you could at least handle vendors and customers on the go.
. very easy to use this program and sell explanatory. makes everything simple and painless.
. app doesnt start until i hit link 4 ot 5 times
. it sucks if you have credit problems you can't link bank and get payment they don't say that anywhere though do they
great app!. an awesome compliment to the web version. addition of balance sheet would be beneficial. cheers!
awesome. that's what i said in 2012. the app keeps getting better, now it's very soon to be 2017, and still the same review.. good app.
closing. can’t use this app without it crapping out on me. i need this to be reliable for my business and it’s not. unfortunate really. jeff
easy. i'm still on the trial but it helps me move from paper to electronic pretty easily. feels even better that it is all in arms reach.
. would be nice if the app would recognize the info on the receipt when you take a pic of it
junk. this app is an embarrassment to use. doesn't attach correct to emails, rude default email tags, and prints too light to fax. i used qb contractor for 10 years before being talked into ipad by apple as the way to go mobile. save your money do things right. this freezes up a lot too which if you have time to wait may be for you.
. very useful app
would be better if i could manage payroll on the app. i would love to be able to do up my company’s payroll on the fly if i’m out on a job site or on a business trip. please fix this
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
app. best account app
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
buggy app. doesn’t even open, tried many times opening it on my iphone x for weeks. it doesn’t even open the app and there hasn’t been an update to fix that for ages. unable to use it on my phone and having to use it on my laptop which i don’t always have it on hand. please fix this issue.
killer app. killer service.. the app is great, arguably better than the online version. great for keeping track of transactions and uploading photos of receipts.
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
. changed phone (same number) and have been unable to log into the app since 👎
fantastic app. works well! fantastic app!
great app!. just need the ability to take a photo of a receipt and upload it and then it'll be 5 stars (i understand this is something that the online application is lacking as well)
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
. really easy and all self employed services (invoicing, expense recording etc) in one place
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
. this app stinks. no features. nothing
login' this app. makes my life so much easier. i can do everything on the go. saves time! love it!
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
quick rip for me.. i find this app so frustrating and difficult. i have had it for nearly a year, paying for the services i can't even use. i have been trying to cancel it but there seem to be no option on the app. the website is asking me to trial the whole thing again. i can't even call and talk to a person. hhhhelp. i need to cancel.
my experience. quickbooks is a system designed for people in business to streamline there activities. in doing so allowing their accounting processes to flow more effectively. quickbooks has changed my business dramatically. thank you
purchase order. i like the app it's a good app there is one screw up and a big one i wonder if it's only me who uses it why can't i make a purchase order on the app ??? other wise it's a great app
will not stop asking for a review. trying to get work done and having to swap back and forth between invoices to get the numbers. made difficult since every time i switch back and forth it asks for me to review the app. well, there you go, 1 star, now let me work.
easy to use and navigate. love it.... it's a huge step up than our last accounting system. love that the reconciliation is so easy.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
from bad to worse. going downhill fast, the app version is very restricted. also the price is getting higher, they entice you in with a low start price that then increases once you are locked in. scared to leave as i am unsure what data i will loose
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipadiphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
my music mi musica en espanol y english bilingual. bilingual
. i am a quckbooks junky, but i have to agree with the comments. this app needs to link to quickbooks. it is useless. i love everything else qb does. i've used them for over 11 years. i really can't praise this company enough. super excited about the app for integrating affinity live!!!! just synced it.
. great app for invoicing and tracking expenses
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
. inuit customer service is a joke
amazing program. this is the best program for your company!
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
great app but missing some key functions. i've used qb online for a year now and its a great service. the app allows me to invoice and record pymts immediately, however i cant seem to enter expenses. if i could do that it would get 5 stars.
. great app
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
. love this app
. we went from pro 2012 to the online version it easy and the android app works very well i can now run my business from under a fishing brolly if i want a day out,! updated, one thing that needs looking at is a ' restore' point i made a mistake and deleted a file with no back up available! can we have a back up please?
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
. great way to keep up with my business expenses in realtime
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
. this is not an free app. and they say it's not free after you submit all you information including phone number for verification. if they say its not free before i submit the info, i might think over and probably purchase....
. great program once you get used to using it👍
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
wouldn't know what to do without it. love it helps keep me honest in line and stress free
nice app! but needs improvement.. please add a delayed charges option. i need to be able to add charges in the field from my mobile device. the app works well on my gs5
need better multicurrency functionality. ... an ok app to review transactions and do some basic entries.
limited company. absolutely brilliant. allows me to create and send clients invoices no matter where i am. without doubt the best accountsbusiness management system available. so simple to use and effective
. great for on the go i mostly love it. i wish there were options to run individual client reports. also, a search option by keywords or invoice numbers. sometimes, when i open it, there's no information in the app! have had to uninstall, then reinstall multiple times. galaxy s2
great but…. this app won’t get more than two stars until i can enter a single time activity from my phone.
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
intuit quickbooks. software
i would not recommend. 1. very very very expensive 2. not intuitive and not user friendly 3. no local support or live support from malaysia
love. so helpful first time business owner. learning as i go.. this app. has helped me so much
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
. will not load dashboard. has not worked in a month. i've tried uninstalling and downloading a fresh version. nothing helps. we are a business user and this is a real inconvenience.
love quickbooks. this is the best accounting software there is. quickbooks makes my life so much easier and running my business is so much smoother with the available accounting options!
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
touch id doesn't work; features spread across too many apps. intuit still spreads all the quickbooks features across various versions of apps (online, self employed, desktop, etc) that all require separate subscriptions and there's not one single app that can do it all. touch id on this app is broken so it only offers fingerprint access within a few minutes after the first unlock. then, it's back to password. i really wish there were better alternatives.
great. i wish i would have used qb a lot sooner. life would have been much easier.
. this app really needs the ability to add delayed charge. how else is a user supposed to log billable time spent in the field?
. doesn't have a way to track milage like qb self employed. we pay more money and get less features. qb is more concerned about segmenting the market to make more money than providing the best products. beware of qb scams and desire to gouge your pocket book.
. great app! makes running my business so much easier
. i hopeing to get my 60 trial
. its a good app but they keep raising the monthly charge by more than 25% every 10 months... i'm now paying $35month. i will be looking for a new accounting software. they say it is for new improvements to the software, however, i was fine with the way it was. don't pass that on to existing customers who have been loyally using the software. i think it is a poor excuse. unacceptable.
excellent for businesses in the go!. quickbooks is easy to use and the app allows me to create transactions, view balances and customer information wherever i am. i also love that i can take a photo of a receipt and categorize it on the go.
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
. this app is horrible. why make something so bad? it needs a complete overhaul. i can't email receipts to an inbox, income transactions don't show gst amount like expenses, i can't view pdf receipts. it's just all round ugly and cumbersome and i've only used it for five minutes. i thought the xero app was bad but it's 5 stars compared to this trash. deleted.
. great app got payments and invoicing and cloud access
accounts. simple is the new smart
broken. i sign in and all it does is take me to a screen that says it isn't quick books mac. the only buttons on the screen either take me to a webpage saying the app isn't quick books for mac or takes me back to sign in.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
. app stopped syncing transactions, useless!
. great app, can generate invoice on the go and get paid!!!
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
. stan f. would be great if it has signature capture so that a customer can sign the invoice or receipt. the ipad version has the signature capture feature but quickbooks wants 12.99 per month just to be able to use the ipad app and other 27.00 per month for the online essentials account. thats 480.00 per year just to be able to get a signature capture feature that is only available for the ipad version. quickbooks too primitive
. 'quick' and easy to use on the go, great app
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
absolutely awful. first i was billed twice for it and then between the app and my laptop i can't fully edit fields or get it to sync with square. now it won't even let me cancel and delete it's terrible service. awful. awful. awful. steer clear
great app!!!!. very happy with the app works great and allows for same functionality as desk top
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
missing a lot of functionality. big disappointment from regular quickbooks. both qbo and quickbooks app have a lot to be desired. they both lack ability to make custom fields in customer database. cannot make deposits or see the check register via the app. the big hype was to be able to access quickbooks from any device. sure enough you get access but you can't do much with it so what a waste.
time saver & ease of access. if you don't have the app for your small business account already, well you better just click download now! it saves me hours of computer time each week and my clients get the necessary paperwork even when i'm on a job site working. invoicing and inputting receipts has never been easier!
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
bad service. very bad service customer support team is bad zero star........
ammmmazing. this app is great !! only thing missing is appointment capabilities other than that the app is perfect.everything i need out of the office.
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month.
. started using it a week ago... so far so good
"great app. android sg5 needs (negative) """" option when editing the amount entry on invoices."
waste of time. i paid for the app to get the discount, spent an afternoon inputting information and suddenly it wouldn’t save anything. logged out, rebooted, problem still existed. uninstalled app. on reinstall, the system didn’t recognize my login and i couldn’t access any of the work i input. apple has my $$$ though!
"quick books is the bombdiggity!! ya heard!. as a small business owner it saves me time, click, picture of the receipt, click and the expense is logged in real live time. no more saving piles and piles of receipts. it also pin point tracks your expenditures. it's the ""bombdiggity""!"
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
more details... really.. i'm sick of the standard review response... send more details. i haven't even downloaded this yet. but i get the message: login problems. what's so hard about that.
. great app to manage all paper work and finance.
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
. amazing value for money, i've successfully filed my accounts from using this app!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
not functioning. does not function as expected. vendors do not show any activity...
great app. no longer have to worry about computer crashes and lost data
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
no purchase orders. as of feb 2015, i'm unable to find a way to create purchase orders from this app. without the ability to raise orders for inventory, i cannot run my business, so the app is useless for me. seems handy, so i wish it worked properly.
from xero to quickbooks. i went from sage line 50 (blinkin' expensive but brilliant if your an accountant) to xero (very good for basic invoices but no estimate facilities on the app, no good for my job) to quickbooks online. easy to use. does what i need. reliable and relatively quick.
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
still needs some changes. multiple addresses for a company is still a drama as it changes all pervious invoices and quotes. plus now on the ipad version it says i can't access until subscription is paid but it is.. works on computer but can't use my ipad. annoying!!!
invaluable. i am a mobile mechanic and use quickbooks on my journeys to write invoices, receipts and estimates. i wouldn't be without it
. wouldn't be able to run my company with put this service. just done know why i lost my deal on my monthly payment. it was supposed to be $7.99 a month.
missing some features. should have all the capabilities that the web site has, no reason not too. i can print from my phone so why not print my payroll too? at least viewrun payroll.
over all good app. it would get 5* if the invoices showed more details about the bill. like individual dating for services done. that way the customer better understands the invoices.
my music mi musica en espanol y english bilingual. bilingual
does not work for android any more. after months of calling customer service sending id ,still no luck . app does not work with android phones,it logs in but it's nothing there because it does not want synchronise,so i have my account with no details in it ,except profit and loss. so if any wants to use the app with android phone and have a data on the web do try it .
keith fritz. this app is perfect for my small business
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
login. wont let me log in on app or internet
great upgrade. great apps. it would be the best, if i was able to enter a bill.
quickbooks phone app. so easy i can’t believe it.
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
difference maker. love the program, made it much easier to price jobs, track paidunpaid invoices and keeps track of all business info
basic app. app functions are extremely limited, and i can't use qb web on any browser on ios devices (ipadipad pro 12.9iphone 7plus) as all browsers including safari, chrome and dolphin run in zoomed mode when want to enter invoice, payments, receipts and bills or even check reports and make unusable.
estimate layout. i like the way the app works, i have problems when i need to include a lot of info on the estimates. when i send it it leaves the first page blank and cuts of some of the info on the second page. overall great though!
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
clumsy, error prone, price has doubled.. not a completely trash service, but it hasn’t gotten any better despite company promises. price has doubled since i initially joined. ipad app bugged, today i tried to enter an invoice payment, no joy. tried to leave service last year and the year before. exporting info was a nightmare, and impossible on mac, effectively leaving me held hostage. cancelling service at end of year as i’d rather try a different online accounting or simply go with a desktop version.
. great for beginners
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
"can't add unit with quality and rate in invoice. online version does not allow customisation of fields. invoice doesn't show ""unit"" with quantity and rate as a result invoice are unusable in real world. hope developer address these issue at priority before we users move to other applications."
. extremely easy to use. great app to create and send invoices and accept payments, track business and personal spending... and it's all in one place. plus lots more.
love it. very simple you use and looks professional, only think i’d say is don’t let your trail run completely out before you buy because it won’t instantly be back up and running takes a few days
mobile app. you cannot check your inventory or edit invoices from the mobile app.
five star, defenitly!! :d. quickbook app is a great add to the software program. easy to use, fast and well organize!
add missing payroll  keypay. please add missing keypay. thanks
useless. this app is useless because if you have an online account with mac or pc you cannot use this app on your ipad! save your time, don't download it.
. awesome business app
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
update crashed. i have all of my quickbooks point of sale ipads that cannot open the app since the update! we have all had to resort to computers and phones to run our business! you may want to consider this before you join up with quickbooks! they are notorious for problems relating to their quickbooks online.
nice app. good to run the business with this app
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
qb app is useless. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either.
loved it. does exactly what you want. needs more access to desktop features but generally great app
i spoke, they listnened. i have had my fair share of frustrations with intuit and when they send out questionnaires i answer them and my biggest complaint was no access to a p&l which is now apart of the app. it's perfect for what i use it for and there's nothing like creating invoices and getting paid on the go. great update and thanks for listening.
mrs. app will not open after update
excellent app for small biz on the go. invoice from anywhere. super easy.
i looking. hai friends my name is navas abdulla i'm looking some software live sales report ..in store sales promotions company ..any one can to suggest any live sales, report software for sales promoters www.qmpromotions.com it's my website qmpromotions@gmail.com
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
mobile use. a dream from the desktop days. send my small business invoices on the go makes going home a time to relax instead of paper work.
must have !!!. if you have a business that serves customers and you want to collect payment at time of service or later, you want this software along with its phone apps to do business in the field. your a fool if you don't !!!!
. the online version aaks you to download the app, which doesnt do half the stuff the online version can do. 🤷
good app. very detailed , im no pro @ accounting but i am teaching myself this app. its very in depth and i like it.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
. issue with app was directed in app to call quickbooks online customer service. no solution after being on the phone for 2 hours, they ended up calling android and at&t to try and fix the issue, which made absolutely no sense to me and got us nowhere. customer service has no clue about anything app related including when the password reset does not send verification code. i ended up having a different company to resolve the issue for me. below instructions solved nothing.
. good app. like the integration with online accessable pc version.
don grant mechanical services. commercial. residental ,heating airconditioning , refrigeration, makeup air systems, light plumbing, and electrical
. it keeps logging out of my bank, and also deleted a lot of what i logged from last year.. now i dont have the correct information that i need... not very happy with this quickbooks app...
. très bien et excellent support clientèle.
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
. the app has been very glitchy lately, and i haven't been able to sign in for the past week. most of my business is on the road. its becoming very inconvenient.
. love the how its easy to use but editing and resending invoices is an issue. switching payment methods is hard but interface is nice and easy to use.
. started a new business, had to find a way to manage my capital going in and out, also was able to send invoices directly to my customers, do quotes and look at profits. just a great app! perfect for me
a complete joke.. the quickbooks ipad app is pointless. the it team who did it either ripped you off, or, you asked for something ridiculously cheap and the it team delivered exactly what you paid for.
great app. accounting on the go!. ahh my favorite part of the day just got a whole lot easier. this app lets you track you individual transactions on the fly. it also lets you categorize and itemize expenses. if you like neat books and your on your phone a lot this app makes things easy. it's free so just try it out.
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
useless out in the field can't work off line. useless out in the field can't work off line and constantly wants you to refresh data. does not support star portable printers. waist of space on cell phone gave it a second try useless creating a invoice have to use search window to find items. had to go use desktop instead of my ipad pro because would of took all night to do a invoice.
. easy way to do invoices on the go and trck if customer has viewed invoice.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
bookkeepers or better only! too much info available to users.. this app would allow a salesman taking orders to view way too much information. it's nice that it integrates with the qbo program, but what am i supposed to do about salesmen that only need to check inventory and write orders? surely they should be excluded from the company books! very disappointed in the time i wasted talking to intuit salespeople who materially misrepresent the functionality of the program
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
linked bank account. locked out. no customer service.. there is literally no phone support whatsoever for the mobile app. i'm still locked out of this app after linking my checking account.
. absolutely wonderful, works well along with mileage tracker, would hate to be without it
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
. its a good app but they keep raising the monthly charge by more than 25% every 10 months... i'm no paying $35month. i will be looking for a new accounting software.
very useful. just as fluid as the full version on my pc. easy to use, and can generate invoices quickly..
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
. dissatisfied. was able to get on to thw app because it kept saying there was an error. i was to finish the processes of registering online but just want to try out beforw purchasing it. it would allow me too. uninstall.....
highly recommend. i highly recommend this app. i run my business with quickbooks online and use this app daily. i use it to create estimates and invoices mostly but also look up look up costumers balances and run reports.
. it's a decent app. not quite a full model with some basics left out. also, they need to make it available for kindle.
. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless. hello quickbooks how about a fix?
impressed. i put off upgrading to online version after using quickbooks pro for five years, struggling to enter online direct debit expenses and payments. online version makes entering data easy and efficient. such a time saver for me. well done intuit! definitely worth the monthly subscription fee.
liked it until it stopped working.... it suddenly no longer connects. called quickbooks and they said they don't support the mobile app .... update..contacted developer listed in some of reviews and he got it working...
freezes. freezes when saving a new client. app is useless.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your laptop or desktop.
nothing adds up. when you run a business you want your numbers correct. i don't have time to troubleshoot why your software can't add a simple paypal balance and leaves transactions out. your fired!
. best app i've ever used for my small business and i've tried others out there in this was probably one of the best.
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
it's scam don't download 19.99 per month they took from my account. i just did download almost 8 month ago this app they took from my account almost 19.99 per month after cancel also they are robbing very bad don't download at all even no customer service to help you to talk also bad bad super bad
great tool. this app helps me keep track of my business finances and at the click of a button i can see who owes me money or who i owe money to. really useful!!
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
hopeless. ever since my accountant asked to use it, the app is never able to retrieve any data keeps giving a message to say ‘unable to retrieve data’. what’s the point of the app if i can’t see the dashboard and data when i need to?
great tool for any business.. i like quickbooks online period. the app is great. as owner of the company, i value being able to monitor whats going on financially with the business while i'm on the go. i would highly recommend getting away from the software version of quickbooks and switching to qb online just for this app.
. you need this app if your running a business
. less useful than dealer version. convenient but sufficiently different from qb pro to require retraining staff. many favorite reports and easy navigation missing from qbo. constant strongarm marketing to upgrade or add features removed from qb pro (ie. payroll). very handy to permit off site accountant to review at their leisure
great app. i personally find the app easier then the desktop version. everything is quick and easy to do. raise an invoice or estimate instantly and see your bank account balance. great.
accounts. simple is the new smart
inferior to qb online on desktop. qb app on ipad or android does not not have even half of the features that qb online has on a desktop. i can manage basic invoicing, basic expenses, see transactions, and pull up basic reports... everything about this app is basic. i have to actually be on my desktop to access the full features of qb online. very dissapointed.
. helpful app. makes doing my books a lot quicker and more simple.
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
great but they got you. great for the most part but they have you and they know it. every. single . year you can count on a hefty price increase. it never stays the same or goes down just always a nice increase. and they make it hard to leave as the export is virtually useless. i'm stuck with them.
excellent. great mobile app from intuit, quickbooks online is great and although a bit different from the desktop version it has improved the way i work with my clients
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
. for over a week, the app has been failing to load my account details. i sent the error report by email too. i am using the correct login info and i have a samsung galaxy s10 plus. the app is poorly designed and maintained... spending all the money on those commericalsads vs on the actual product, not looking to renew once our lisence expires at this rate... we can just build our own system instead or use other functioning ones..
job costing would be great. my only complaint is that i don't have the ability to truly categorize expenses and income by the job. i use the locations feature, and it is a decent work around, but not quite as seamless as other software. i love the app for field access!
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
worst app. if it doesn't work on android then why do you keep it in play store?
easy and userfriendly always available. i've only worked with quickbooks desktop version. so far i have been using this for a week it allows me to do invoices on the fly. and i can check my staff input at any time, very handy would recommend to anyone. especially small business!
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
can this app dethrone india specific software?. you can not setup this app to use for personal accounting. you can not setup this app for setting up multiple companies. you can not run if your internet connection is not working. so, this app is worth your time and money? you can try without worrying about any payment. so, it’s very difficult to dethrone india specific accounting software you already use. i have tried. you too can.
. just an overall awesome experience i just wish they will have the invoices forwarded in backwards so we can go from invoice number 1 to ingles number 2 and 3 and so forth
good but needs more functionality. this app works good, but needs more features added. for example, i have to go to a browser and log in there in order to add a deposit manually. i know functionality is being added continuously. so i a hopeful that my review can be a 5 star review in the near future.
. always crash on start since a long time. unable to use it on note8. reinstalled many times. please fix it.
. i am very glad with this app, one day it will work by just thinking about it, very close though...😁
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
so far so good.... it is working as advertised. would like to have a bit more color and design to the invoices. not complaining, just suggesting.
. u need to put the all app in full.
missing features. won't let you attach pdfs. only photos. gives no reason why. the web let's you use pdf. i deal with pdf everyday. pdf is not new. bizarre arbitrary choice by qb. also keeps popping up notifications saying invoices are overdue. they are not.
wow! loving the switch!. it's more than i had ever expected. using square or other solutions or good old fashion checks in the mail are nothing compared to how seamless qbo has made my life. that mac app, ipad app, iphone app and even the apple watch app give me the pulse on our company that i've needed for so long. can't wait to grow into more solutions with qbo!
. please add support for whattsup business app
. the app displays different figures for the amount overdue for a donor than what the website does. quite alarming that it shows different figures. means i can't trust anything it says!
great small business tool. very easy to navigate and enter information. i can enter data on my home computer and then access it with my phone when i'm not in the office. great app
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
needs work. this app has a lot of functionality, but lacks consistancy with the web version. as it is today, i can't send an invoice from this app which looks the same as i send from the web version. if what the customer sees becomes consistant i could give more stars.
nice app. nice app, quick and easy. smart invoices and bank matches. i don't like paypal, so wouldn't use that payment option.
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
. great app!
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software. update: this was a problem they had seen and were working on. they fixed it and informed me of the fix a few hours later. working now.
easy to use, very efficient. thank you guys for your great work.
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
". about the only thing this app does real well is it crashes all the time. some features of this app i can't even get to without it crashing. so all said i am able to look up customers but other then that it's useless. i try to use it on a samsung 10"" tablet"
freelance business functions like agency. this app is brilliant. i can check the status of invoices, p&l's, reference invoices, and client trends. best business app i have on my phone!
good app for business owners. i think the app does a good job with tracking expenses and billing. as a whole i think there may be better programs out there. do you research before signing up.
can't even open an account!. i live in spain and the app won't accept my mobile number. i even tried a uk number but even that doesn't work. thumbs down for not even letting international customers to use or even view the product.
"enjoying quickbooks online. easy to use interface and they are frequently updating features. my only complaint is that sometimes when searching for sent invoices it won't recognize, for example 74, when it's ""invoice 2015074"""
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
it worked for 1 month. ... then i upgraded to android 7 and i can't log in. i've sent 3 emails to support to report error with no reply.
cvc. looks very promising... let's see as i used it. nice and brilliant user interface so far.
. having problems adding customers. works great beside that i can't add customers with the app. kind of bothersome but just have to go through the internet.
it's definitely gotten better. but the service address and being able to input seperate service and invoice dates are absolutely essential functions for me and their absence from the app makes the whole thing more or less unusable!
awesome app. quick books is really an awesome app. links up to accounts quickbooks payments. i can access from all my devices. it’s really versatile. you can make great estimates as well. emailed invoices and estimates look very professional.
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
no longer works on ipad. this app is no longer functioning as of the most recent update. it used to work on the ipad. the camera feature is difficult to use when trying to take a picture of receipt. it doesn't allow me to record payments any longer. please fix.
awesome app. awesome app very convenient use it on a daily basis.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
as others have said. don't get the point.. i guess the mint guys are in charge now? the guys that created a consumer finance app that didn't have the function to balance a checkbook?
. love that i can create estimates, invoices, and view my banking account activity all on the go with one app.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
. not for india.. then why the hell u give option of india in menu .. if ur app is not compatible in india..
. great app makes things easier
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
is this a lite version? where are the other features?. the features included in the app are good, but i wish it was a bit fuller. it's like a lite version. more capability with a paid add maybe?
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
worst in india. i install it after that i it not support in india can you suggest me other options for android
. love this app, it has come a long way. thank you quickbooks for making life easier.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
useless. maybe im missing something, but wouldn't the point of accessing you accounting software to be to actually get useful info? you cant even see bank accounts or balances. why have a way to make payments without seeing whats in your accounts?
awesome app. quick books is really an awesome app. links up to accounts quickbooks payments. i can access from all my devices. it’s really versatile. you can make great estimates as well. emailed invoices and estimates look very professional.
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
. this app is not free! as soon as i signed in, it asked for money!
east coaster. i love the online version. i can use my laptop, ipad or iphone to update, send quotes or invoices and even take payments via email.
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
almost great. very helpful for my pool service business. just wish i could do delayed charges from the mobile app. i can't believe they haven't included this feature yet.
. please add the option to take a picture to the receive and add it automatically to the transaction
. absolutely unless on android. it does not show the right invoices overdue only a select few and shows completely different things and different sums of money on iphone compared to android phone, in fact its completely different on all platforms i.e tablet android, ipad, pc windows and iphone.
. so far it is superb
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
love it. great app
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
30 days trial. need to pay after 30 days
. great program
. it would be good to be able to save pdf receipts downloaded to my mobile straight onto the app. all i can do just now is take a screenshot.
crashes after i hit “invoices”. love the app when it works please let me know what the fix is
book keeping made easy. with constant updates this is the go to program for my business! this app assists in daily activity and allows me to be on the move.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
. apps bad after last update... you can't easily see invoice and or estimate amount anymore, you have to click each invoice & estimate to see numbers... i will be changing program's soon if not fixed.... we need to be able to easily scroll up and down the hundreds of open invoices and see where things are, not open each invoice to get information... way to timeconsuming... can't screenshot what's going on because the update before prohibits this now.... please devs fix
easy accounting for nonaccountants. i am not an accountant by training, so many of the concepts were foreign to me when i first started using quickbooks. however the simple format, and easeofuse made it an easy transition for me to do most simple accounting techniques. i was able to quickly use it and soon it became an essential business analysis tool and essential for forecasting and trending.
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
. haven't used it much yet, but just discovered you can't add time on the app. the main reason for getting this program was so employees could add time from their phone. when will this feature be available?
love it. i send 5 to 10 bills per day and this app makes it easy, like the staples button.
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
customer service & support sucks. go with freshbooks instead.
very good mobile app. i use this on my computer and when i noticed that there was an app for android, i immediately installed it on my tablet and phone. a must have if you have a mobile business or have to give invoices on the go.
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
latest update rocks. now you get your bank feeds in the app, so you can easily process your incoming payments and expenses. the only thing missing is the ability to attach a file during that process. hope it's something that will be included in a future update.
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
. makes life so much easier, i would recommend this to any entrepreneur.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
nightmare. since the latest update quickbooks has been a nightmare. multimillion dollar company that relies on mobile invoicing that does not work now!
great accounting. allows me to manage everything onthego. powerful software for small and medium size business.
. good app, but it is expensive....
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day. unnecessary steps required for multiple entries, should use 'save and next.'
great and makes things easier. the best thing about quick books is that they have unlimited live customer service to help guide and assist you. that's a real plus to me.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
many issues.... most of the time they come up with an update it does not work well after we update the app. they should test this updates before releasing it.
magnifico. aplicativo e software excelente! vale muito o investimento!
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
perfect for first time small business owners. maintaining all the records for a construction company can be intimidating; quickbooks has made it less stressful and easier to do my job!
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
president. love this app
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
. doesnt support android.
. very good and intuitive, i had trouble recording all my sales, but it's super practical with the app
statements!. please add the ability to send a statement(s) from the mobile app. thank you!
crashes all the time. no matter what version this is, it always crashes on me. i never use this this app, although it would be fantastic if i could.
very good app. good
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
pdf note on ipad. why can't we add a pdf note on ipad app. i can do it by accessing desktop version on ipad. but it's a pain doing it that way. it would be simpler to add that option to the app. come on guys keep up with the technology. quit lagging behind.
there’s just 1 thing... i have been loving the way this program functions. the only thing i continually wish for is that i would be notified when a customer opens an estimate, not just the invoice.
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
statements. can't send statements or use bundles in the app. email customer services about it and they send you a email about doing it on your desk top. been asking for 6 months to have it added to the app. just get the same response while they add useless gimmicks to the app.
qbo. pretty great app, i hope they add some additional features; like printing a pick list, and a few other things.
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
can't get anything!. i use qb at home and this app does not bring up any information that is needed. very frustrating when on the go. please fix!!!
owner. useful for small business. able to use mobile app and coordinate with online.
. awesome intuit continues to improve the app. i feel like i get more for my money.
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
. makes my life easier
. i installed it on my cellphone but wasn't installed because of insufficient storage. so what i did was to delete some apps on my phone. when i tried to install it again to the phone it won't work because the said phone now cannot be access because it's now not highlighted in this quickbook apps
shiny, pretty and useless. the shinier they make it, the more confusing and unfriendly it gets. no reminders, no scheduled transactions and no searchable help. i have the ipad app to make accounting quick and easy when i travel not to have something new to learn.
. great app!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
rip off. installed as companion to desktop. feature guide limited to decide which online version to choose. chose simple version since my needs are simple... no, wrong version, could i upgrade, no... support desk said i’d then lose the introductory half price... changed version... losing £6... chose next tier up for billing, £9 per month... no, wrong version again... so i’ve lost £15 and now need to upgrade to the plus version... beware folks, money grabbing machine.
great app. i love the app
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
great app  easy to use. enough said. it helps me keep track of my invoicing as well as my expenses. great for small businesses.
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
works for me. no problems, been using it every day for almost 2 months
would like to see. new user, so maybe i'm missing something, but there should be a way to create an expense report and bill it to a customer.
. invoices can't add cost except discounts to my invoices using my s4 phone.
. great app
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
register showing wrong date. the register still shows the wrong dates. if i process a transaction on a tuesday, the register will show the transaction was processed on monday. when i click into the transaction, the correct date is reflected, but it still very annoying.
only if it had bank register :(. that's my only complaint. other than that this app perfectly suits my needs
great compared to alternatives. could use more options available though the website (like inventory management, receiving payments to elsewhere than undeposited funds etc)
. better on desktop, was hard to use
great!. running my business has been so much easier since having quick books! invoices are no longer time consuming or hard :)
. my issue has been partially resolved. i would give them 4 stars if the process wasn't so difficult.
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
. it works well for my small biz. very happy.
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
unexpected error 10000. iphone 6s plus. would love to know why i always get this message. i'm unable to use app at all.
fantastic for when you’re on the move. this app has really helped me operate more efficiently from a mobile office. the ability to quickly and easily produce quotes and invoices from my ipad has been extremely useful. the app isn’t as fully featured as its desktop counterpart but it does enough to suit my needs, whilst i’m on the move. i’m running this app on a 10.5 ipad pro and it has been flawless.
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month.
. disapointed and just hated
. super userfriendly! very professional invoices. i love it.
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
needs improvement. with every update the app gets worse and worse. not mention the desktop online even worse the ios app
. love it so easy to navigate
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. the app is really handy when adding expenses. easy to navigate.
. contractor version of the app
". refreshing bank transactions doesn't work. after refresh and upade still say "" ! error 22 days ago"". causes double entry after entering expenses manually by no refreshing and posting them. doesn't refresh bank data."
. it's an amazing app, very helpful and fast responsive
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
ahhh. you cant pay employees on the phone or tablet app. its hard to find the login on a normal desktop and when i want to pay an employee the employee section keeps going blank and never loads. this is extremely frustrating!
. accounting standard for small businesses
great app & program  must improve search engine. fantastic program with brilliant features. it does need some urgent fixes. one being to be able to search through an account such as cash sales and be able to find a name, address or phone number.
stopping subscription. originally a useful app, but keeps crashing following the most recent update on 27.09. will have to stop subscription and find something that works, so whats the point in updating the app if you lose customers?
great for small business. i run a small business mostly through through etsy. this is a great program to keep track of finances. the only thing i wish is it would integrate paypal here payments like it does square. it would be amazing if it could do the same with etsy. alas, i have to type them in by hand. i love the integrate on my iphone, ipad and macbook. it is very streamlined.
. app is nice but it stops automatically some times
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
favorite app. my favorite app. i use it on a daily biases to send invoices right after i complete a job. makes my life so much less stressful.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
. great app and easy to use
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
. creo que es ineficaz ya que e recibido mi pago i no puedo ver la información de mi talón de pagos i ninguno de los representantes que me an asistido a podido brindarme información para poder obtener la información que necesito por lo general cuando una compañía te paga tan bien te proporciona el talón de pago
. great app
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
app won't open after latest update! please fix asap!. app won't open after latest update! please fix asap!
geeat. awesome app...!!!!!!
. using this app had help me reduce the time required to prepare my client account significantly from months to just weeks. some from 23 years backlog to weeks. i can use the time saved for other aspects of my client business.
not very user friendly.. not very user friendly. have to open the app twice every time i use it. it says critical updates required log out and log in to refresh. every. single. time. i . open. the. app. i’ve tried deleting and reinstalling multiple times. when entering receipts it could have a search box at the top of vendor list do you don’t have to ask to search every time.
. very helpful tool for smb owners, easy of tracking payments and expenses.. loving it..
need other option. need an option for employees that travel to do trip expense that import as a bundle. i use pro premier 2015
worthless!. until this app can sync with the desktop version of quickbooks, it is worthless to my business. i'm sorry i downloaded it. but i have already deleted it.
great for small businesses!. so far flawless app. i'm a mobile business and have tried several crm platforms. this is brilliantly designed and easy to use. i would like the opportunity for customers to apply a tip to their online payment.
found a problem. when creating an invoice adding parts even if you search when you go back to it to add another part it’s still in that same form from before and if you cancel nothing happens you would have to search for whatever else you want by name, you can’t just scroll please fix
. there is a lack of flexibility. it seems like the app was modeled with a streamlined appraoch to limited process. maybe over a few business' but i am used to more flexibility that you would expect in an app like quickbooks but isn't.
. no bugs yet.
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
. this website is terrible and the customer service is friendly yet not helpful!!! i want to cancel my subscription and yet told to remove the app from my tablet....wrong by removing the app it does not cancel my subscription...very unhappy!!
good app. not 100% good.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
nexus 6p problems. still does not work on nexus 6. i'm trying to run a business this app use to make me efficient. now it sucks that i can no longer log in to upload receipts. i would give it zero if i could.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
no employee section. this app contains nothing to help your employees, only the business manager. quick books could’ve at least added support for timesheets and such since they no longer allow you to save your timesheet in mobile browsers.
. very user friendly app.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
dissapointed. this is the frontline of my business as i am a mobil service technician. app no longer will save or complete an invoice. this is crippling my business! fixxxxxx please immediately!
best app. love this app makes it easy for me to track all my buisness transactions. recommend
where is the payroll functionality?!?!. the app seems to intentionally not include payroll functionality, that’s what i need most! f
. update... application remains impossible to use on both ios and android devices. invoice matching for banking transactions is painful particularly when there are many invoices to match to a single banking transaction and application seems to refresh in the background which causes matches to be lost before completing. not worth installing till these issues are fixed meaning web based invoice matching is the only option... have wasted hours of my time on both ios and android based applications...
. love this program
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
always have problems. this application made only to collect money from us and every time they increase their monthly payment always have errors and problems and now big issues that i can not open the application on my phone and no one reply to our email or calls they are totally worst customer service ever
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
no mileage tracking. false advertising. the mileage tracking screen shot is from the self employed app, not the small business app
great app. nothing like doing invoices from the phone!
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
crash error crash error. quickbooks is a four outta five platform, this app is a one... signs me out and crashes more than once a day!
we are using this with the construction side of our business and so far the customer service has been wonderful. there are things missing or not working but customer service had said they are working on getting them added or fixed. makes it really easy for our employees in the field to create invoices and send them to clients as well as receive payments. will change to five stars when missing components are added.
love it, but. i love the app, but different devices have different functions. some things i have to do on the laptop. the internet version will crash and i have to reload it. not sure if its my internet connection or not. it is helping me get more organized and ready for 041516, ugh!
poor functionality. constant crashes inability to complete selected tasks poor functionality this app try’s hard but doesn’t quiet make it with its functions. it didn’t at all shot me but that’s what the 3 day free trial is for. i wasn’t going to rate this app but after they charged me $10.50 for a 1 month subscription after i cancelled and deleted the app; i will rate it
quickbooks online. this apps rocks!
yep. great app...appart from the lack of multi currency function...and would be great if we could easily switch company as on the web
". you broke the app!!! can't attach pdfs to invoices anymore!!! it litteraly worked yesterday, and today a ""new"" interface. make a deal with adobe and fix it now!!! update no your solution doesn't help. i already new i could do this on the desktop version. app is still broken and your proposed solution is just as useless as you have rendered your app. fix it"
mechanic shop. just starting out with the program but it seems to work great!!!
. great app, though i still need to refer to the desktop version. i am unable to pay employees through the app.
. bad app
. amazing. processing time for invoices is very fast
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. app crashes 2sec after being turned on on iphone7. restarted phone, no luck
amazing for small business!!!!!!. i started my service business one year ago and enrolled in quickbooks from day one. i can't rave enough about it! it's made tracking customers, invoices, and expenses so easy i can focus on my work instead of the accounting. still impressed and just in the process of adding payroll.
. it is easy to use the app and convenient to have on the go. however the app lacks the presentation of the computer online website which has better detail on each page. i would prefer to use the website page.
do not waste your time on this free version. this is a very limited app. do not try it! app is limited and they just try to up sell the full version. support friendly but can not support a mobile version on an ipad . this product only good for desk top computer. would not recommend to anyone. beware. check out other reviews i simply ignored the negative reviews now i am writing one.
loveland ohio small business owner. love quickbooks. new users starting july 2012. it has helped keep things organized and if i mess up or question, which i have, their help people are awesome in working with me to explain or even help me undo my errors. kudos to the team trainers who trained the team and kudos to the team's who are patient with us on the phone calls!!!!
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
loss of functionality. i had been using this app for a while without any real issues. however, recently the 'expense' button that pulls up from the '+' menu on the home screen is grayed out...thus rendering the app fairly useless on the go! intuit said they unfortunately didn't have the ability to fix issues with the app.
really good app. ok, at first i was reluctant to use it, but after trying it i found it really easy and simple. don't wait, use it.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. i got this to sync with my online account and it doesn't. also it won't let me add a sales tax. and so what's the point if i hafta enter everything into separate accounts.
great. does everything i need, and in an extremely convenient way.
qbo is great for business. qbo is great. i just wish i was able to do more from the mobile app. would like the ability to download and classify bank and credit card transactions from the app.
not free it's a trial. you should be more specific when choosing name. you shouldn't misdirect people with it.
addicted to billing now!!!. oh my goodness. this app is no joke. love it and i stay up late looking at all it has to offer and new things. i’m glad i got this and the card reader. thanks qb
. it is a great app but there are some days like today when i cannot open the app on my phone and keep saying i should restart it. i really needed to send some invoices today but i couldn't.
good for invoicing only. i was really looking for an app that i can put receipts for purchases in as i buy things and download later to qb. this is not it
great app!. easy to navigate and great to have access with you at all times. love it!
. u need to put the all app in full.
. qbo is great... however, the app sucks! the info on the home page is rarely if ever correct. paid invoices show as still do, p&l info is incorrect compared to what it shows on the website. now i can't edit downloaded transaction to add an image of my receipts. plus, it's no longer showing all of my accounts when i go to categorize a transaction. what the heck happened?!
nice app!. i live on my device  from research to book keeping. elegant style and useful! i can do almost everything from my note 2! light years beyond the old quick books that i used 10 years ago! i'm sending invoices in minutes. awesome! update: still a great app on my nexus 6!
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
not that good. only useful if you want to look something up quick as it is missing tons of features from the desktop site. will be using it no problem for a few minutes then it will log me out and ask for my password all over again.
best accounting app. perfect for any small business. never had any problem, never crashes. only need more invoicing templates.
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
. bekar hai do not any mail id login don't open
muito bom.. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
excellent app. i cannot tell you how much time i'm saving now. i wish i had changed to online years ago.
limited. for alot of the functionality of qbo you need to use the web app anyway so i would not bother with this app.
. until now i'm happy. i attached all my expenses and i can see how much money i have invested in by small business.
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
. dashboard does not load. completely useless at this point. cannot invoice, add expenses or write sales receipts.
solid gold. the transition to the new version was almost unbearably rough, but i am so happy with this platform for my staff + i. still the gold standard, looking forward to more compatible apps...
. still somewhat confusing.
crashes!!!!. don't update!!! latest update crashes app on opening data download!!! why don't these geeks test these updates before posting!!!!
. just started and loving it i have only been using this app for a short time but it has helped me stay on top of the business side of my work and has made invoicing much easier!
". latest update to my pixel made the app very laggy, and the ""feedback"" popup appeared again after i submitted it the first time! however, rebooting the app seemed to fix."
. the app freezes frequently. when it's not freezing, it's too slow.
. streamlined very easy to navigate. really makes getting the job done a breeze
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
no more ios 8 support. disappointed that app developers are dropping ios8 support. not everyone upgrades the second apple comes out with a new ios
a pretty good app. update: they added deposits! it does everything i need now, upgrading to 5 star! all in all, this is a pretty great app. it does just about everything i need it to while on the go, but it is missing one key piece of functionality. it does not allow the recording of deposits and that is really important for me. other than that it functions flawlessly and has never given me any trouble. overall, i love it!
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
new update sucks. latest update for android takes forever to refresh and save invoices. almost unusable for me when i'm on the job. takes over five minutes to save an invoice and then even longer to print one if will will even let me...tried to uninstall and reinstall and reboot and everything it still takes way too long to refresh and save.
must have for small business. i love the app is easy to use and easy to monitor business finances
there’s just 1 thing... i have been loving the way this program functions. the only thing i continually wish for is that i would be notified when a customer opens an estimate, not just the invoice.
. this was almost my solution to doing invoices on the road. unfortunately, they do not allow pdf attachments when sending an email. i need to send a pdf not jpegs so until this option is added this app is useless for me.
. this has made it so much easier to keep track of our business expenses. i have recommended qbo to all my friends who own there own business.
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
horrible!! worst waste of space ever!. would give negative stars if i could. absolutely horrible app, can't do a damned thing; can't enter or edit or view bills, can't enter new customers, can't enter new or edit existing invoices, can't enter new expenses or edit existing, can't enter or edit payments. can't figure out what this is supposed to do except take up space and cause frustration. do not waste your time downloading. like others said, use excel and a shoebox.
. it does, what i needed to do
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
"buggy, issues with sync. for some reason this app is constantly having connection issues for me. i get messages like ""transaction not accepted"". then i have to log into the desktop version to actually do the work. ok for a glance but not useful for productivity."
. excellent including mobile app
time tracking. i can create an estimate on the go and keep track of my time in a job.
almost impossible to cancel fees. on hold and multiple phone calls. they insist on you jumping through their hoops to cancel the auto pay. it's easier to get your credit card to stop the payments.
great app. great app!
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
. emailed 3 times now would be nice to get a reply as would like a refund due to canceling my subscription in the first 30day free trial but have still been charged for it.
. great app
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
not useful at all. this app was written by someone who does not understand quickbooks and its purpose. get back to basics please if this is to be used by us.
. i have used it for 3 years managing my business invoices, cash flow etc. it's great!
no good color and texture of sreen. it hard to seen no c olor in photos
. you did an update on friday afternoon while i need to use the program. now i can't access the program because i need to do an update that o cant do because of a glitch in the update
excelente aplicación. muy completa, fácil de usar.
conevenient but lacks features. overall, good for checking basic things on the go, as well as some other basic functions. it is far from fully featured though. quickbooks online sees constant updates with new features lately, so it’s probably just a matter of time before the app catches up a bit.
update = crash. haven't been able to use app since updated. disrupting my business. will not open.
a very useful application. i find it quite convenient to be able to enter expenses from my phone and include photographs receipts when i am on the go. i use quickbooks online and although the app is limited in some respects as far as functionality goes the limits that other reviewers have discussed has not affected my business at all. i like it a lot :)
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
. no response from tech support does not work on my moto x running 4..2. 2. i have sent email twice with no response.
. great app! still learning, saves so much time.
. this is a great app and has been an invaluable tool for me to manage my business. the only draw back i have found is when i tried to use paypal in conjunction with the app. 1) the cost implications and 2) getting the money to my bank account. this is not a quickbooks issue but it just caused me a headache.
updates that don’t install. first of all got up to install and it won’t
great can scan bills directly with phone. i use phone app instead of pc sometimes, as i can record bill right when i make purchase, complete with scan on receipt. awesome.
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so.
easy to use once set up!!. works great
tax invoice as per india standard. dear, please give us more invoice style templates as per india stander
liars. they lie about the app and what u can do with it. run away fast.
game changer. this has been a fantastic app. having the ability to access our estimating and billing from any devise has been great !
not bad. could use improvements but will get by in a pinch when you don't have access to your main computer. 82317 update 1 year later..... my review stands. too many things you can't do compared to full version on my desktop mac computer.
. when it works, its great. don't count on it when the internet is even remotely slow. i had to resort to another sales app to complete sales. lost sales and it cost me more money to use the other sales app.
awesome app. love it
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
new update changed invoices. the app shuts down every time i get a signature!!
smart. smart move to have quickbooks for a small business owner. makes it easier to do my job  one man show !!!! ces lico
i use it with all my clients!. having a business solutions & consulting biz for years there have been times i've lost notes or even lost billable time. having the ease of this program not only resolves that, but it also runs easily in multiple platforms including my preferred operating system utilizing a linux distribution.
ridiculous omission. i can not believe that with all of the updates that you still can not create a purchase order with this app. ridiculous.
. input all your expenses for your taxes and not have to worry about keeping all your receipts
jan 2019 update is a fail. i’m a daily  hourly user. the january 2019 update won’t keep me logged in. after about 90 seconds i get an error message and get logged out.
hate it. i officially hate this program and will be changing to another accounting software in july. i have been using quickbooks since 2000 and used to love its simplicity but it has become time consuming and harder to use. make a mistake...can't fix it. if you are away you can' access all the feature using the app  you find a computer and log on.
can't live without it. i don't know how i did business before this app. i love that i can access my company books anywhere. i love the way i can take a photo of the receipts for my expenses. thank you qb!
. i hopeing to get my 60 trial
. intuit sucks! scamming company ran by non english speaking reps. bought simple start 2007 for 125.00 with online access ,etc. in 2010 they ended all support for this software. that is shady. they promise you all these free services and then years later a foreigner informs you that all support has ended. to better serve there newer products. they suck.
exactly what i need. the app combined with the online system does exactly what i need it to do. i can invoice clients as soon as i've left their premises, no more trying to keep a record and doing the paperwork later. invoice matching and bank data feeds make reconciliation so easy. this has reduced the amount of time i spend on my accounts significantly. goodbye sage, hello qb online. happy customer.
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
limited. every business owners wants to get to the bank registers fast...like the first thing! for some reason qbonline developers have not created a simple way to customize your home page so you can do this.
. great app
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
almost usless. the app does not show all the info like logging in from a pc. also scrolling up or down on a page is very glitchy. quickbooks has a lot of work to do on making this app useful.
quickbooks slow and hard to work. hard to understand and work. cannot pay on invoices on phone but can on computer. system is slow. give me the old system any day
. i am with digital account
can't download. when i try to download the app, it gives me error 492. i just signed up for qb online and can't use on phone.
quick book app works amazing!!. love using the app for my tree company lets me be on the road and make up invoices.
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
. not nearly as useful as the desktop version very weak app. still needs tons of improvement
very helpful. the app has let me cut down on paper records quite a bit. there's more functionality online than the app has which i didnt discover until 4 months of use. overall it`s proven helpful though.
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
latest update is garbage. update: 1620 still a garbage app even after multiple emails back and forth with quickbooks development team and now it’s been weeks since i heard from them the app still don’t work even after new updates app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
recommend!. quickbooks is a must have to swiftly complete business tasks like, estimates, invoices, etc.
. best feature, snap a pic of receipts, log em immediately, drop the actual receipt in a shoebox, & forget about it!!! you can see if anyone paid instantly on your phone, send an invoice change, i mean its the fastest accounting i've ever done in 20yrs!
. fake reviews on their website. impossible to leave a review. they held $10,000 in ach payments for 18 days without cause. after setup, their ach payments system went down, no notice email went out. our customers couldn't pay, when asked when it would be available, they couldn't give an answer. unreliable and poor customer service. not what i expected from a large financial company.
. great app. highly recommend.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
crashes, not usable, nexus 5x. crashes and no longer usable on a stock nexus 5x on android 6.0.1. app is now useless to me on my phone which is a major problem.
great app!. very userfriendly and convenient. great for people who are needing to create invoices and estimates and track expenses. the iphone app is fantastic!
general manager. garbage company
slowly losing my business. i'm about tired of this app not functioning properly. embarrassing to say the least when i have a customer trying to pay their bill and i can't even connect to quickbooks online server. none of your apps are working as advertised. $25month for what again?
love this app!. this has solved my issue of remembering to create invoices after the service. so far i am loving this app :)
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
disappointment. tried signing in several times. tried resetting password 4 times. tried uninstalling and reinstalling, twice. only thing that works is uninstalling for good.
perfect app for consulting. fantastic app! highly recommended. very easy to use with ability to track invoices  it's perfect for my consulting business.
time expense and mileage. great product. inconsistent functionality across desktop, iphone and ipad. for us professional service peeps can we have time expense and mileage please!
touchid times out. unfortunately the touchid authentication doesn't work as you'd expect. the app constantly asks for you to enter a password even with it enabled.
excellent. really good app. carry your whole business in your pocket.
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
quickbooksjoist sync. none of this is working at all. for a company that does bookkeeping it’s ironic that i’ve been charged twice in less than thirty days for a trial period!! none of my invoices are synced, estinates are counted as revenue and quikboojs is stating my 90 day old business has 1000 net profit!! not even remotely possible! this is incredibly frustrating and so i have to work on this on my only day to rest. ridiculous!! do not use this app
new to business and this is great. i have now completed my second year running my business and without a doubt i owe some of my success to quickbooks as i don't have an admin person it helps me manage things also creates the professional image i need. i prefer using the web platform but when i am on the go and making small purchases for clients i love to add the expenses to their invoice on my phone before i forget!
basic functionality is good. this app has a lot of the data that i want to see. limitations are that you cannot do queries or make selections like the online version. i would like it to look and work more like the online version, then i would rate it 5.
. you suck!!! i hate you guys!!!! you need a support phone number!!!!!
can't imagine not using quickbooks!. so much easier that our previous accounts package. so many apps and addons you can build a complete solution what ever business your in.
clue live design. i'm a small business owner and pretty new on here too. since i have had quickbook payments i never receive any problem on the product via laptop, phone or ipad. i see the updates been give problem for others but it just work excellent for me.
. was wary, but the convenience is worth a lot until the latest update. now i cant sign on. been a week since they told me there was an issue. still not resolved. spent several hours on hold listing to garbled elevator music that can not be turned down. customer support blows.
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
only problem. i have a few problems the app is very slow when editing email address in the send invoice i don’t see a few things that i’d like  discounts for example no way to customize message to different customers most of this is pretty minor biggest issue is reconciliation of books at end of year
quickbooksjoist sync. none of this is working at all. for a company that does bookkeeping it’s ironic that i’ve been charged twice in less than thirty days for a trial period!! none of my invoices are synced, estinates are counted as revenue and quikboojs is stating my 90 day old business has 1000 net profit!! not even remotely possible! this is incredibly frustrating and so i have to work on this on my only day to rest. ridiculous!! do not use this app
. great app
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. tells me i have an update but will not give me the option to update and will not let me log on
easy!. this tool is really awesome!
. would be nice to be able to record deposits through the app. the whole reason i have this app is so i don't have to go onto a pc. also, an option for digital payment, ie paypal venmo etc.
useless. my boss uses qb to track my hours. as far as i can tell, i can't make those changes on this app. that makes this app totally useless to me.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
the android app is so diffrent than the ios app.. ios app has the functionality to select multiple items too an estimateorder with the multi select feature. this is missing in android. also before the update, the send comand asked the way we wanted to send the invoice and we can select email, fax application. but with the update it only send with the quickbooks email. cant send by fax anymore. please provide the share option on invoice and estimates atleast.
fantastic for my business. on the road invoicing means that my home time is my home time. thanks for putting in the work to create this app (and for seeing through any problems we users have).
. for an app qbo is awesome. it does not have all the features of a desktop program but what app does? you guys are doing an incredible job and making impovements to both program and app all the time.
. this app has one major flaw in my view. my bank transactions do not update unless i go through the website and update it there. this is probably the only reason i have this app. this is very annoying and i have contacted quickbooks about this issue and they are not helpful. they tell me to go to the website and update it there! would be a great app if they fix this issue.
. takes care of everything for me makes life so much easier!
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
. this app doesn't allow me to sign in, so it's been useless.
. très efficace
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
. malfunctions on every level. did not attach a single receipt picture to the transaction. brought in the bank accounts and scrambled them. even on the desktop deposits are expenses and you cannot edit them
great tool for those on the go!. while there is a lot of functionality missing that would make this app even more convenient, what it does offer is a tremendous help while on the go. from creating invoices to recording expenses to seeing your p&l and balance sheet, this app is a great tool and extremely easy to use!
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
ouch. does not have my bank listed. does me no good. been paying for 1 year now. and i see no where how to stop subscribing. cost me over $10.00 a month.
. the best accounting app for beginners
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
. worst app ever. unsubscribed after week as the app wasn't what i needed. charged anyway after unsubscribe. tried to reach customer service by chat, the chat keeps disappearing until the moment that doesn't work at all. horrible
. love the app
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
does not work on 3g. i am unable to use quickbooks over a cellular connection. this has been the case since ios 9. sometimes after certain qb updates it works, then others it won't. i will be making notes of the versions when this issue occurs.
great invoicing app. work great for invoicing needs.
needs timesheet support. price went up 100 a year and still no timesheet support outside of desktop app
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
great program!. the pc version is wonderful the mobile app is steadily on its way
would be better if i could manage payroll on the app. i would love to be able to do up my company’s payroll on the fly if i’m out on a job site or on a business trip. please fix this
broken app. unusable. going on over a week like this. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money.
. nice app
. please add support for whattsup business app
. update: no longer freezes but is now saving estimates and invoices multiple time and showing 70k extra in income from invoices and bank deposits which it's now not allowing us to match payments with invoices so our only current option is to delete all duplicate payments and have customers outstanding balances until this is fixed
. superb just need to upgrade to a better version..
app as of lately. every time  every single time  i open app, it tells me it must log out because it’s running critical updates. it worked fine until a week ago. not sure if it’s related to apple software but it’s getting old.
update is buggy. the latest update won't save invoices correctly and doesn't pull up all my clients names. i hope it's fixed soon i use it daily. also won't allow touch id or pin sign in!
coffee machine doctor. this is the safest and fastest accounting system ever just like a shot of espresso
. would be nice if the app would recognize the info on the receipt when you take a pic of it
". pretty much a steaming pile of frustration. don't use it to record invoice pmts. the app will apply the payment not to your chequing account, or the account of your choice, but to some weird account called ""unapplied amount""."
. works amazing when having to do my invoices on the fly and can't get to the office. also to check my estimates
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
. when it works it works great. however i have to periodically delete and reinstall the app because it gets buggy entering new expenses. it will get locked in the expense screen. in the locked screen if i hit save 5 times it will record the transaction 5 times while still sitting in the entry screen.
. does as promised, great extension for using quick books on the run. a must have for business over view at a glance. if your pc crashes this is your life jacket!
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. buggy, unusable basically.. can't create or edit an existing invoice.. keeps saying the terms not set and the dropdown for terms doesn't drop down with any options to select. other than being unusable, it's fine i guess.
. awesome app pretty convenient and user friendly.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
works good but. haven't been able to email invoices for over 2 months now.. what's up wit that??
"""great for working on the go"". perfect way to send estimate and generate orders. obtaining signature on phone great for pod, just like ups. it's worth the $10 a month. thanks quick books!!!"
must have !!!. if you have a business that serves customers and you want to collect payment at time of service or later, you want this software along with its phone apps to do business in the field. your a fool if you don't !!!!
this app is great for on the go but still needs a few things to be fixed like when i mail the invoices or estimates to my customers they always have trouble recieving them..
. i though it would be difficult. once it's set up, it's a breeze. the importing of bank transactions really makes things easier.
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
multitasking?. would be nice if app supported multitasking.
little confusing. been using about a month. find it to be a bit confusing but working thru it.
milage. like what it offers but for me to pay for it i need a way to track milage. this is the one huge advantage the desktop version has that the app doesn't seem to offer.
. this app does not work on my samsung galaxy note 8. after told to update, uninstalled and installed, nothing changed.
great accounting apps. great apps..
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
phone app fail. what ever opinion you have of qbo ... the phone app fails. it will not let you see the estimates and invoices for a customer. they exist, in your system but they do not show up in the app. everything else.... any other feature discussion... it's all irrelevant. if you can't view basic customer info, the app fails.
. i was so scared of handling my businesses finances before this app. between the ease of use of the app, and all of the handy tutorials and videos on youtube from them i actually feel like i know what i'm doing
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
verging on useless. download it but don’t expect to get much out of it. how a multibillion dollar company can produce a product so lacking in functionality boggles the mind. it’s almost as if intuit is intentionally trying to offend its customers.
. love this app. making work so much easier. & reminds me of what needs paying & when someone hasn't paid. making the company alot more up to date & finally in the 21st century!
pretty good. app doesnt have enough functionality though, need to go to the website version all the time
. worst app don't share your documents any where
aaaamazing. i run a mobile and in home boutique and this app has been a life saver! i'm so happy with it!
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
rubbish. the openoverdue invoice section won't show the invoice details. it keeps saying the filters are wrong. the suppliers invoices only show the payments made not the actual invoices. support make all the right noises but nothing happens. it has potential but it still needs more work.
. this app works amazing for my cleaning business! couldnt live without it, and it saves me a lot of money instead of paying an accountant
i can use my phone and ipad!. had the desktop version for years and loved it! always updated every couple of years and learned the new changes. then went to online version, little less features but was more mobile. now i have it at the office, or anywhere! some features are still a work in progress  like receiving payments, but this quickbooks team has been developing and updating since the beginning. great accounting software!
. always crashes, is temporarily unavailable or can't sync banking transactions
fairly good. not too bad, does most of the things you can do with your browser on pc but i would like to see the ability to update your bank account in the app
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
. use qbo daily. this so is nice for quick lookups but is not fully functioning as qbo.
better improvement. app running better
still can’t attach a receipt. even after the most recent update, i still can’t attach a photo of a receipt. i can select the photo from my library, but the save button has been missing since the last ios update.
. awesome app and company! used them for several years now and will not go anywhere else...
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
fix the bugs. this program has many bugs and has connectivity issues. the level of problems with the software is extensive. when the program works correctly it works nicely, but the downtime and glitches greatly degrade the value of this software. i would look for an alternative accounting software package. i do not know anyone who has used this software that would give it a five star rating. in other words, i am very skeptical of the rating shown.
excellent!!!. this is easy to use and very convenient! most of the functionality on the app means it's easy to work while out of the office!
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
awful app, won't open. app was working fine until a few days ago. reinstalling doesn't fix it. app opens and a second later disappears. not good for people trying to do their accounts.
great product  but ..... great product, easy to use. the only thing missing for me in the basic version is recurring transactions. can’t justify an extra $10pm just for that
quickbooks on iphone ios 13 wont open. can you please fix the bug i can’t log in osi 13
new update horrible. it's always been glitch but since the new update i can't add products to the estimate and customer service is clue less in how to resolve the issue.
. great app. works for everything i need. had a few issues but they were resolved.
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
lost a key feature!!!😡. update is great except they took away the option when creating a new customer to use a contacts info that's on the device.
mobile invoice and so much more. great app!.
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
never even got it opened before it had an error. i have never had this in my life,my business barely has a name and it said an account already exists under my email address.. sounds like there are some issues to work out
great for business, especially if you drive a lot!!!. this app is great as well as the self employed app! make sure you do your invoicing all on one. they don't work together and have to reenter on desktop or quickbooks app. you can select personal or business for mileage and customize trips. all in all this is a great app!
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue
effective app for accounting.. yes.
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
impressive for mobile. i posted a bad review because of some bugs. i received an immediate response about upcoming updates and a week later it was fixed. i love that level of support. nice app too.
. great app only feature i wish it had is gps millage tracker
logo. is it possible for me to add my company logo when i issue out invoices?
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
. office on the go! i run a tree service so i'm never in the office. this app let's me take care of businesses while in the field and frees up time when i get home at night.
app as of lately. every time  every single time  i open app, it tells me it must log out because it’s running critical updates. it worked fine until a week ago. not sure if it’s related to apple software but it’s getting old.
locks up. cannot load company data. does not work since app update.
nice and easy to use. i have try this app. as a startup owner, it is very good to generate estimate & invoice
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
. i can't remember the last time i was this frustrated with an app andor company. more often than not, the app andor the website do not work. they sure don't have any issues with their autorenew and collecting money from users. they just can't figure out how to provide a product that works and customer service that can, or even wants to, help. think long and hard before choosing quickbooks for your business. i wish i had.
on track. keeping track of daily expenditure, and the performance of my business is so much easier with this app.
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
crashes. this app fails all the time, i keep having to reinstall to log in.
tried them all. i persevered with other systems and intuit quickbooks online has been sensational since i migrated over. excellent adaptability, intergratibility and functional practical to use. very happy! keep up the good updates.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
ouch. does not have my bank listed. does me no good. been paying for 1 year now. and i see no where how to stop subscribing. cost me over $10.00 a month.
great app.. helps so much w billing... highly recommended. .
"great app. android sg5 needs (negative) """" option when editing the amount entry on invoices."
gloria. unable to create an account. supposedly i already have an account. i've never installed this app before.
. generally amazing but not perfect i like this. to be able to do this on the move on my phone is great. i have had a few issues with my personalised invoices and some of the functionality which i added.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
crashing in ios 13. crashing in ios13 can’t even open the app .. having trouble managing my business
. this app is eady to use and keep all my business expenses in one place!
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
. perfect in the website version. but in the mobile version when we want to find the product cannot search by sku very inconvenient.
. awesome app
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
cannot reconcile bank accounts on app. cannot reconcile on the app. completely useless to me as the bookkeeper.
app is good support is horrible. call qb for basic questions lady name amanda hang up on me.. dial back in the she place me on hold for 15 minutes
. great service especially for a company on the go or starting up. would be better if it was optimized for the galaxy tab s4 . since it constantly crashes on it...
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
. great program
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
. with a little creative googling this app can be very easy to implement.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
. love the software, the app is very functional and easy to use.
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up!
owner. i bought my basic subscription through the apple store and now i want to upgrade to essentials has anyone done or knows how to do this
. i dislike it ,zoho books much better than this. bcoz i am not able to add my company logo, not even able to edit my invoice number, not even to able edit my invoice columns. i wasted my money.
marcela hayden. i don’t know how i would get buisness done with out quickbooks, and the app on the go makes it possible for my family to run our buisness and grow in success. thank you quickbooks
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. app crashes 2sec after being turned on on iphone7. restarted phone, no luck
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
useless for bookkeep. cannot access chart of accounts or bank accounts so i can not enter checks or payments. this is of no use to my business. so disappointing!
. great app
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
. help me alot
search. the search feature needs improvement. can only search by customer info. can’t seem to search for an invoice by keywords that are in the invoice.
. can't easily navigate or edit start totals or the any other deposits to start where i want to
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
. would love to be able to access payroll on the app
no app support for time activity. come on quickbooks! no time activity entry in the app?! ridiculous!
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
". creo está app buena administración de empresas x ese motivo desidi "" instalarla y google como responsable de negocios, se entienda, bien con esta empresa y tiene juegos de lotería de los casinos, también, para yo jugar en ratitos,"
crashing. app keeps crashing every time i click on it!
makes my life easier. there are a few things that i am still getting used to, but overall love it. i have used the desktop version of quickbooks for five years. this allows more mobility with my phone and tablet. i have already recommended it to a friend. looking forward to learning more!
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
. great billing software
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
. purchased app following welcome link from qb online thinking they would integrate and work together seamless, not so totally separate and no vat invoicing. cancelled same day billed for a month.
this has made my life infinitely easier!. intuitively designed, have yet to need a feature it doesn't have!
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
qb mobile. this app helps me keep up with invoicing on the run. like being able to invoice immediately and email the customer with payment options
app crashing ios13. app is crashing in io13
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
. this app will let you get control of your finances. you pay the bill, and you take a picture of the bill. it's that easy!
works great. i live how i can edit and emails invoices on the go. as well as having all my credit card processing all tied in. so customers can pay invoiced from the actual invoice and not have to include other services.
don't bother. been using qb desktop for years. disapointed in the sasmobile version. mobile app is slow and frequently fails to load at all. not much functionality at all besides creating invoices. checking account balances or customer ar is not worth the bother on mobile app. this is an ok solution. i bet there are better options available than qb mobile app.
. brilliant app
easy. it could be a little bit easy to use.... invoices could be customized to add options like hours....
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
great. it's a lot easier to use that the 10.0 version i had installed. love that i can invoice customers right thru email and get paid within 2 days!! linking bank accounts is is a huge plus too! ! i'm honestly excited about tax season this year!
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
. they have stop me for using the software and didn't tell me why.
. love it. need to add ability to add bills via mobile app.
. does it need an internet connection?
. the app has no way to change to accural from cash basis
. quickbooks makes my life so much easier for writing amd sending estimates and invoices. there are so many other things that quickbooks can do that im slowly learning. im writing so many estimates and getting so much work from easier estimate and invoice writing its really hard for me to get the time sit down amd learn everything else quickbooks has to offer.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
. update has not fixed this issue! why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
does what i need it to. it works, and has made me more efficient.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
ok but.... qb is ok. major flaw however when trying to look at a customer's order history. the list of invoices does not show the memo so you can tell what item the invoice is for. this is a serious problem.
electrician. most important tool of my business.
. excellent app need to improve speed only.
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
good but frustrating.. no access to vendor information or purchase orders on an iphone or ipad. have complained about this for nearly 2 years. falling on deaf ears. they agree that it would make sense but there is no one that gives a *%!£ to do anything.
great app  easy to use. enough said. it helps me keep track of my invoicing as well as my expenses. great for small businesses.
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
. doesn't have a way to track milage like qb self employed. we pay more money and get less features. qb is more concerned about segmenting the market to make more money than providing the best products. beware of qb scams and desire to gouge your pocket book.
user friendly. it work great thanks!
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
. doesn't work on my dell tablet. called customer support in january and they said software glitch should be fixed in two weeks. it's been two months and still not working!
perfect for a small consulting firm. this app is everything i need for my consulting firm. easy to use and easy to keep track of expenses on the road. invoicing is a breeze. love the data in the cloud. take a pic and throw away those receipts! works flawlessly between my mac, ipad and iphone. no complaints whatsoever.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
fix log in problems. the latest update made logging in extremely difficult. i am no longer able to use my pin or fingerprint even though they are both enabled in the app.
. very intuitive and easy to use. always improving through frequent updates.
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
would be great if…. this app would really be a great app if it woukd have all the functions as on the pc. for exsample i wanted to issue an invoice with a different currency, and the app blocked it and sent me to the pc. so for what is this app good if we have to go to the pc for almost each transaction?
. simple and worth
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
missing features. it would great if it could read data from receipts and auto fills the fields. i can't get my clients to use the app, because re silt entry is too cumbersome. reports are lacking.
so efficient. love this software, especially the app!
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
chris. love it!! great setup! easy. just love it!!
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
needs a lot of improvement. missing a lot of features and information available with the web browser connection. can't see vendor history. can't sort how inboxes etc are listed. a few other issues. freezes often. in the middle of invoice entry, the system bounced me out for some reason, while not saving the work i had entered to date. did that twice. before i closed out and went to pc web connection. i love the possibility this app offers, development need to fix and enhance
essential to running my business. this app is very helpful, highly recommended
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
no chart of accounts or banking. poor version. no access to chart of accounts, registers, or online banking.
. great accounting capabilities for small and medium enterprises, compatible across all my devices. taxation is resolved quickly, no stress and most definitely no complains
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
it was barely ok to start with!. i had used quickbooks for several years and then went to the online version. i liked the features it had, but really didn’t like the 600.00 a year fee. for the most part it worked, but never all of the time. then when they raised the subscription price to 720.00 a year, that was it. i said good bye and found another program. no regrets!
. good app, but need an expert.
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
not free. free trial that gathers all personal info then you can try it doesn't link to real program !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so convenient!. i can access accounts and bill clients immediately after appointments. it is very easy to navigate and accomplish what i need done!
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
great app. i have to switch from another accounting software to quickbooks and every thing is easy to use and easy to navigate.i use it on my phone,desktop in the office.i wish i had it ever since i have been using the other accounts software.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. problem in sigin to app
real convenient. it's a big time saver. i'm able to send invoices from anywhere. that alone has allowed me to get paid quicker.
great app but sign in issues. wont let me sign in anymore keeps sayin error restart app.
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
. it is simple to use
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
good for on the go business#. great app for mobile business. lacks some of the functionality of desktop version. i like the way i can record every transaction on the go, even invoices and payments. i don't like the fact that you can run only one business per subscription. much to expensive to pay separate for subscriptions if you have more than one business.
absolutely stunning app. best of all the time n useful too
accept button doesn’t work.. love the app however this latest update the accept button doesn’t seem to work so you can’t accept the new line items from your bank feed.
rubbish. ridiculously hard app! can't even edit or customize invoices with ease on computer. to difficult. better off with myob!!
. brilliant app, very easy to use even for beginners. also has great customer support for your problems and queries.
very helpful.... there are some glitches with a couple of the features but for the most part, it’s exactly what i need. a great help for record keeping and invoicing my customers efficiently. there should be an option to select and send multiple invoices at once. i have multiple invoices per customer each week.
junk. this app is an embarrassment to use. doesn't attach correct to emails, rude default email tags, and prints too light to fax. i used qb contractor for 10 years before being talked into ipad by apple as the way to go mobile. save your money do things right. this freezes up a lot too which if you have time to wait may be for you.
. lot of functionality easier than web or desktop app.
. bit slow !!! otherwise i love it...
still does not allow entering employee time. the ability to enter employee time is a must for professionals that are on the road all day. other services like freshbooks already have this ability. until intuit makes this very important addition to the mould app, it does not deserve 5 stars!
easy to use. great app to use
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
over promised, under delivered. the desktop app is slow and the mobile app is lacking pretty important features. their tech support is horrible and can take days to resolve an issue....if they even admit that there is an issue.
anytime fitness owner. great app. intuitive, clean & high functioning. just wish transfer money and a help link was a function. if it is, please advise.
touch id. the app works well once you've signed in, but the touch id still isn't working properly. you have to sign in manually first. then, it allows you to switch between apps using touch id to sign back in for a while. however, if you sign out completely, it appears you can't use touch id to sign back in again. i thought the whole purpose of touch id was to avoid having to enter your password each time and to increase security.
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!!"
new business. i just opened up my business and i'm being super careful of keeping track of all my financial expenses and sales. this app makes it easy!
great app!. just need the ability to take a photo of a receipt and upload it and then it'll be 5 stars (i understand this is something that the online application is lacking as well)
. update 2020: since the last 2 updates, the app is broken now and does not work at all. can't log in, and just get a 'device appears to be offline' message.
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone. my only gripe with the app and it's operations is that not all of my customer emails that are sent are being received by my customers. i have highlighted this to quickbooks and they were extremely unhelpful in assisting with rectifying this matter, which i found extremely disappointed given this is a paid subscription service, and not a free service.
no pdf attachment. 3 stars as the app only able to upload photo of the invoice, not other format. you need to understand that pdf is much small in size and more practical for mobile upload. as for photo, it is at least 3m nowadays and it took almost 1 min or 2 to finish the upload.please look into it in next upgrade
. does not work its rubbish app
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
liked it until it stopped working.... it suddenly no longer connects. called quickbooks and they said they don't support the mobile app .... update..contacted developer listed in some of reviews and he got it working...
latest update is garbage. app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
easy to use, innovative and mobile friendly. we have been using qb at australiance.com for almost a year and i would not go back to my previous accounting software. the interface with paypal works well and save heaps of time for our online sales. it s easy to create expenses (e.g. business lunches etc), quotes or invoices on the go with the app + always know your bank account position as it interfaces directly with it.
improving but still a long way to go. like the new dashboard, but need ability to set ytd totals, more report options, does not show all my bank accounts. needs to be more customizable. app does not replace the website version, which is still needed to do any real work. best feature is the easy way it handles the bank feeds.
honestly i would rate this app 0!. app doesn't work at all, getting error every time i'm trying to login. no respond from team during a week! just stay away of it!!! if you think that your advice to reinstall would help  you are wrong! i did it already couple if times before your advise finally came in. this app just doesn't work and i wouldn't spent more time for it!!!!!! stay away of it!!!
. great app on managing my bill on the go
for phone. could be easier to use if it was more like the pc edition
time tracking missing from app. i bill services by the hour and pay extra for the version of quickbooks that supports time tracking. was very disappointed to see this feature completely missing from the app. it’s such an obvious thing to have on the go. now i need to have a totally separate system to track time...
love the app. i have enjoyed using this service.
description is misleading. there is no way to enter or see expenses in this app and of course no way to attach receipt pictures to these expenses. you can enter expenses using computer and attach picture of receipt there, but not in this app. if you need a plug in to do that, why not to say so? or just remove missing components from description.
rubbish. doesn't work. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. deleted. no support from customer service
make my life easier. it's easy to use and let me get rid of paper work and posting the documents and receipts to the accountant every three months. happy
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
. very glitchy and slow in android
everything i need. qb is perfect for my small business needs. i tried myob and this is so much easier to use. easy to navigate or just get a snapshot
amazing. but how do i change the currency? i need to use kenya shillings. i also can't see a trial balance
broken update. your update broke the app.
easy for new users. i have a virtual operations management consulting company & use qb for invoicing accounting. i find it simple to create, send & receive payment from my clients & recommend them to use it as well.
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
. best app ive ever purchased
. whats the cost after free trial
crashes. every time i try signing in the app says my sign in has expired.
jp. very good app for any business
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
. not bad a bit confusing at first
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
app does not support multicurrency. it’s 2018. apps have been around for quite a while now. if your qbo account has multiple currencies enabled, you can’t use this app for banking. seriously, wtf?
easy & intuitive. plenty of available materials and support. plenty of support along the way.
please add delayed charges. i like this app, but i mostly do my bookkeeping at my desktop. delayed charges are something i would like to add on the fly, using mobile. please add!!
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
tek9. isai tek
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
. very disappointed that once the app downloads popup advertising constantly appears on the phone. not only does it just come up on a screen, but no matter what app you may be in you will be diverted to quickbooks app and then diverted to their advertisers page. very annoying! especially in time sensitive situations like login situations on other sites, or snapchat. i am seriously considering deleting the app if they don't fix this problem soon.
. makes running my business so much easier
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
. works great and any issues have been worked out mostly. i do wish i could see all my customer history though!!!!!!!
. please add the option to take a picture to the receive and add it automatically to the transaction
date range. how do i change the date range on the dashboard?
. good app for managing business.
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
. you have to use the website to update banking transactions. the website sometimes takes days to update them also, sometimes it's virtually instant, but sometimes it takes days. it's annoying to have to use a website every time you use an app.
top notch app for businesses. makes it so easy to run my business on the go!!!!
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
brutal support and comparability. currently looking for another accounting solution. the intentional limitations and total lack of cooperation with the support team leads me to the opinion that all positive reviews are fake. epic fail intuit.
love it!!!. i am a tile contractor and use this app everyday. i love the latest update where the customer can sign the estimate.
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
please stop making my sign in. every other fingerprint authentication app on my phone (banking, password manager, file managers) does not nag me to log in via password every other day. why does this app do so? please fix.
. app great for small businesses.
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
waste of time. crashes at least 50% of the time i try to enter an expense while on the go
. i am really thankful for this opportunity. this app vary great easily to use with simple and useful. thanks
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
no inventory tracking, no reminder. very disappointed with this no inventory tracking, no reminder for the app no not also for me its pointless quickbooks you better fix it i am cancelling my subscription
great program, an asset to my business!. great program and very versatile. would only like to make 1 request. please provide link for iphone users to copypaste invoice into text message. currently need to email myself and copypaste link. very cumbersome process thank you.
consider other programs.... purchased quickbooks for the fact it is easy to photograph receipts and upload, which worked for about 2 weeks and now always comes up with a error.... tried reinstalling etc, still doesn’t work. useless.
. very poor and limited app. information displayed is quite different from the web view. i only want to see one thing  supplier invoices and outstanding balances and this app doesn't show them.
great system easy to use. i really like the online version better than the windows. the app is easy to use i highly recommend this app quick books has completely changed the way i run my business. every thing is so organized and neat now. i don't lose recipes any more. witch is a plus the total functionality of the system is great.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
cant login. every time i try to create an account it says this id already exists. no matter which one of my email addresses i use it gives me the same message. then when i reset the password on my main email address the try to log in, it says no account with that id exist. help!!!
. slow load times but good overall
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
. simple to use and very powerful if you spend the time setting it up properly
crashing after ios 13 update. after ios 13. i can not log into my quickbooks app please fix this asap
. it works only ok. if there was a better 3rd party app, i'd use it. most of the time i'm frustrated using this app. either buttons don't work, attachments don't save, or some other random instability. i want to do more with the app and i want it to work every time. the design is questionable too. why are things labled differently than in the full version?
qbo ipad & iphone. i think that intuit is doing an incredible job with this product! the updates have been wonderful for me. i am thoroughly pleased with this product.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
works good but. haven't been able to email invoices for over 2 months now.. what's up wit that??
go payment and expenses. needs expense entry and to integrate with go payment to get 5 stars. 61014  5 stars. thank you. great features. great app.
. easy to use. the only reason i did give it five stars was because you can't add custom fields to the customer data.
"don't bother. it says above ""get full access to everything quickbooks online has on the web"". but in fact it is a totally different application geared to salesmen on the road. don't expect to see your accounts here, all you have is:  customers  estimates  your invoices and sales receipts. very disappointing; forget it"
handy phone app. the iphone app has come in very handy for creating quick estimates on the road or adjusting existing quotes in the go
great app. need security code.. the app has lot of confidential data. please add security code to open the app, similar to quicken.
"locks, freezes, and won't sync. updated last week and haven't been able to use it since. i've reinstalled, cleared cache, resynced data... nothing. qb customer service ""can't see any issues with my login"" so who knows ? ive been reduced to entering all my invoices from my computer at home (defeats the purpose of the app doesn't it?). until they fix this update, don't download it."
. great app
unusable. doesn’t connect to my account.. every time i try to login it says there is no company associated with my account. it works fine through a mobile browser or desktop browser. the app is completely unusable, how convenient. tech support says there is a glitch...you don’t say.
. slow, buggy, and unresponsive. tried changing the time horizon for a p&l report; nothing happened. that's just one example of many of how wonky this app is. intuit developers should be ashamed of this turkey.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go.
. very good program, other than the price has went up 3 times this year.........getting expensive.......started at $12 a month and now at $25
disappointed.. as a qbo subscriber, i thought i could get basic financial reports like monthly profit and loss... not so. i'm not sure the app is of use to me at all.
very powerful tool. the app is really nice and efficient. will get even better when the ability to create a credit note is made available on both ios and android devices. i really don't understand why this must have feature has not been added yet. thanks!
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
ipad in the name?. really. can't use with mac? get out of apple app store. waste of time 😒😑
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business!
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
touch id rules. much easier to login now.
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
great apps. good performance
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
doesn't send invoices. my customers stopped receiving invoices from me via email. i have to send it to myself and forward to them. customer service is a joke: they think their clients are stupid, their advices are just ridiculous: are you sure you put the email in the right section? really? i had been sending invoices via email before and they all received them.
indispensable tool. all business owners should have a mobile app that makes finances easier to manage. this is one of them. thank you intuit!
really convenient. love this app. i'm trying it as a trial and i'm sold. we will be getting the monthly service for sure.
touch id fail. please stop making us enter a password everyday. every other app that uses touch id doesn't have this issue. thumbs down qb 👎🏼
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 3 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank. the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 2 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank, calculate the vat! the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
. extremely useless and convenient!
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. used since 2000. no problems with this program. love it!
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
great app. yet again another update and even more glitches, you charge a fortune and cannot provide a decent service  i’m considering switching to a competitor as you have breached the contract that you have with me. this needs fixing urgently and you need to refund subscription fees! my advice to businesses and the selfemployed is do not use quickbooks!
handy app.. i've struggled for a while with record keeping and this app makes it very easy to keep records and do my day to day book keeping.
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
unable to see expenses as anything other than cash. even if i input it on my computer as credit card and i save it as such, on the app, it'll say cash. can't change it either
happy with the app. i’ve used for quickbooks and the app for a year now and it has really helped my business and is a easy way to keep track of customers and quotes
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
superbly designed. having used two competitors' products before, i've been very pleasantly surprised with quickbooks. it's really easy to use but, at the same time, it has lots of really helpful features. the app is well designed but my only gripe is that i am sometimes unable to login. the problem usually corrects itself after a while, but it's a bit annoying when i need it at the time. nevertheless, the product is so good that this doesn't even bother me much.
worst app update. after updating the recently, app is crashing. unable to login
. app isn't working. i keep getting an error message while it's loading.
best app ever!. i run my whole totally green business from my 📱all because of this app. it makes business seem so easy!
broken update. your update broke the app.
newest update doesn’t load dashboard. dashboard and home button do nothing now. iphone 11 pro max. blank screen.
wow. don’t know how i did my job without this program, i love it ! it helps so much!
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
crashes. same problem: crashes. looks good though.
graham. great app very easy to use for a mobile business. just need mobile wifi.
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
. when it works it works great. however i have to periodically delete and reinstall the app because it gets buggy entering new expenses. it will get locked in the expense screen. in the locked screen if i hit save 5 times it will record the transaction 5 times while still sitting in the entry screen. **update the developer solution did not work.
. this app is great for being on the go. love it!
very helpful.... there are some glitches with a couple of the features but for the most part, it’s exactly what i need. a great help for record keeping and invoicing my customers efficiently. there should be an option to select and send multiple invoices at once. i have multiple invoices per customer each week.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
ca uday soman. good software for sme
. looks really good but not for me as i don't send enough invoices so not worth paying for. if i had more business and earnt more money then it would be perfect. but for someone who does cleaning a couple of times as a week not worth paying. shame there isn't a free version.
. can't easily navigate or edit start totals or the any other deposits to start where i want to
. so far very handy app for my small business needs
a handy little companion but it wont replace the website. a number of features from the web portal are missing such as matching bank transactions but its ok to use simply to check your chart of accounts and to record expenses.
crap. this app is a piece of crap my dad got it on our computer.when u scroll it goes the opposite way and there is also a bunch of other crap. i would. it recommend getting this
quickbooks is good but…. slight learning curve and seems to have a few annoying bugsquirks.
can’t upload receipts. it’s incredibly ridiculous that you can’t upload receipts from anywhere but your photos app. what if you get emailed an invoice? nope can’t upload it!
this update is total trash!!!!. errors on just about everything i try to do and things save twice and web pages aren't ready for ipad pro! don't update!!!!!
. still learning the ropes. so far so good. being able to submit quotations efficiently and itemized makes all the difference. quite easy to learn and keep track of expenses.
crashing after ios 13 update. after ios 13. i can not log into my quickbooks app please fix this asap
update. please fix soon app opens and closes after update.
. works well and great support thanks!
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
. garbage, won't let you delete your account. it took hours to finally be able to delete email and account, save yourself the hassle and dont download it.
solid app. it's a very good mobile app
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
. great app for mobile business owners such as myself.
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
unclear and sneaky. nowhere in the app did it say that i needed a different product if i’m selfemployed. so i signed up and paid for my first month without knowing that it wasn’t the right one. i’ve paid double the amount i needed to and not even used it and never will use it. a waste of money. not happy at all.
. great app, simple to use, alot of resources.
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
generally does not work. if they generally updated everything they might needful go back a step or two. won't even open on the ipad anymore. crashes immediately.
. i am finally happy 99% with qb online quickbooks has finally added the ability to add expences through the android market. it is now, by far the easiest way to send out estimates, invoices and add expenses. i'm a contractor and it works perfect for what i do. well worth the $40.00 a month, trust me. ............
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
can't sync. can't upload data from my desktop to qb online. i have qb pro 2009. is it not compatible?
gets the job done!. i can make transaction entries on the move. i really enjoy this app.
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved. please note i have tried multiple phones and it is near impossible on mobile browser. trying to keep keyboard up is a nightmare.
. easy use for on the road estimates and invoices.
"best app tool for small business. i love everything about it. just please change when emailing estimate, remove ""please pay"" and change to total estimate as it is only estimate and not an invoice."
no support for canadian tax system. intuit's quickbooks for web does not support the canadian tax system. not sure why this app is appearing in the canadian app store.
works well so far. i installed the app this month. so far it allows me the flexibility to record transactions on the go. this is a big help.
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
garbage. signed up to their free trial, spent hours putting up my receipts only to be told i have to start again because of an error at their end. now locked out of my account and all my original receipts have faded taking even more hours trying to communicate with them to gain access to my account
. great app
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
drat! not even close. this has no more functionality than the mobile ap, very disappointing! access to the banking tab & registers to make and receive payments, along with access to the entire vendor tab & reporting would be helpful. i am not sure why intuit focused its efforts on creating an app that imports images & info from social networking sites intead of focusing on making better functionality of what it actually takes to run a business.
great app but needs banking. this app is great since the last major update, but all i want now is to do my banking on it too.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
. i think this app is a great addition to the computer and laptop for the small business owner on the go.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
scam. not happy since day one. i got totally scammed. not very helpful but exceptionally good at taking your money. they can’t do anything technical and continually stuffed up my app so it was unusable. i’m now suspicious and worried as they have access to my finances and data. i will look at fair trading to report the company as i cannot get a refund either.
best app for small business. i love it, it's so easy and quick to use. it's become a life saver for me.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer service (james refusing a last name or initial from customer care) experience, nothing resolved. no response from error logs. called and even gave control of my computer. never did intuit offer any fix. ongoing issues over 6 months damaging my business.
efficace. je suis seul dans mon entreprise et ce service me permet de créer et consulter n’importe où mes factures et autres éléments. l’interface smartphone est géniale en ce qui me concerne.
". latest update to my pixel made the app very laggy, and the ""feedback"" popup appeared again after i submitted it the first time! however, rebooting the app seemed to fix."
can’t attach existing photo with ios13. with ios 13 you cannot upload an existing photo to a new expense. when you select a photo, the app freezes and there’s no button to accept the photo.
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
. app runs extremely slowly and often won't even open. it freezes almost constantly. using a galaxy s8 phone.
love it!. this app is great. i can almost do everything i need to on it. great way to check accounts on the go.
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
useless app. almost no features. not worth using.
this app makes billing so much easier, which gives me more time for other tasks.. it is a must have for small business owners, especially new ones.
amazing. but how do i change the currency? i need to use kenya shillings. i also can't see a trial balance
. it keeps logging me out. this is a pain in the ass. please fix this.
. this app is easy to use, once you get the hang of it. i can take pictures of all receipt which makes it easy to keep track.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
. downloaded app twice when i tried to login error message continually read i didn't have a quickbooks subscription. was never allowed to access app features.
very helpful. make managing my bussines much easier. good app.
. very good, i am on trial not sure how much full experience will cost, i'll update when i can
needs work & capability. for those of us that work on the road and try to reconcile books daily, do not depend on this app because it is nonexistent. no reconcile function whatsoever. i hope their team listens to our feedback because we can jump ship on any given day.
. i absolutely love this app. so very user friendly and convenient when doing business on the go even from my phone.
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
. sporadically unable to log in. app now says that the internet connection is offline which is nonsense. for a paid subscription app this has way too many issues. not good and definitely not recommended. there are better invoicing apps for less money readily available.
. works better than the pc version, easy to track expenses etc
. would be nice to be able to record deposits through the app. the whole reason i have this app is so i don't have to go onto a pc. also, an option for digital payment, ie paypal venmo etc.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
great accounting app. i've been using the quickbooks app for a over a year now and i love how it allows me to stay on top of my business accounting. i love that the app allows me to take a snapshot of my receipts and link them to their corresponding expense transactions within quickbooks.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
not tablet friendly. i use this everyday but the biggest problem is the tablet version is not very good when doing estimates, the format is completely different than the pc version
love it!. i am a locksmith, need an easy and efficient easy to manage invoicing, books, transactions... qbo has saved me hours every night logging and sending invoices, billing, and balancing my books through my bank. i send invoices on the fly now, and all of the related bookwork is completed simultaneously... seriously wonder how i found the time to complete everything this does for me from my phone or tablet in my car. a real time saver!
add missing payroll  keypay. please add missing keypay. thanks
ipad app. please update your app to be more like the desktop version...i can not track inventory received through the ipad app i purchased and ipad pro hoping to do away with my laptop and so far its been seamless, except for this app not being able to track inventory received. i hope your developers can figure this out before my 8 year old laptop crashes! thanks
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
app has connectivity issues. anytime i log into the app it causes me to have to relink my bank accounts every time. if i stay out of the app everything works appropriately. i can log onto different devices through the browsers without issue but the second i log onto the app on a tablet or phone, it will disconnect my bank accounts.
good for on the go business#. great app for mobile business. lacks some of the functionality of desktop version. i like the way i can record every transaction on the go, even invoices and payments. i don't like the fact that you can run only one business per subscription. much to expensive to pay separate for subscriptions if you have more than one business.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
. it's a very powerful program for small businesses. love the variability of online to where you can use any device to accomplish tasks
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
. convenient. not all the features of desktop app but adequate for most needs.
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
limiting. very limited app
. this good app
. i was scared to switch from spreadsheets to quickbooks because i thought it would be hard to use. it's not. it makes everything easier. it also made me realize my spreadsheets were way off. a good investment for small business owners.
. app opens, prompts to upgrade, no upgrades available. repeat. please make sure the upgrade is 100% released to the play store *before* forcing users to upgrade.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
does what it needs to do. a little clunky, but then again, i'm expecting a lot from it.
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken.
i like it. best app for your small business
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
won't let us start a new tax rate. the best app will not allow us to start collecting taxes. every time we initiate the tax rate and try to save it it simply says it cant perform that function please go to settings and let us know. it's ridiculous that a book keeping app as large as qb's is that such remedial tasks are often frustrating.
time saver. i highly recommend this app, specially for small business. quick, easy and in combination with service m8 it's all i need.
very slow. this app is very very slow.. 10 minutes to load , another 10 minutes to load customer screen, and 15 minutes to apply 1 payment
quickbooks lies again. this app does not track mileage as advertised
. great program
. i wish this was a completely free app.
no inventory tracking, no reminder. very disappointed with this no inventory tracking, no reminder for the app no not also for me its pointless quickbooks you better fix it i am cancelling my subscription
mileage tracker. any chance you can put a mileage tracker on this app? other wise it's perfect for small business
lots of shortcomings. qo is great and this app is ok. too bad so many features are missing
register showing wrong date. the register still shows the wrong dates. if i process a transaction on a tuesday, the register will show the transaction was processed on monday. when i click into the transaction, the correct date is reflected, but it still very annoying.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
bad user interface. the service doesn’t fully integrate with mobil usage. paying for the payroll service and can’t even use it. garbage, waste of money.
. does what i need when i don't have computer access.
no employee section. this app contains nothing to help your employees, only the business manager. quick books could’ve at least added support for timesheets and such since they no longer allow you to save your timesheet in mobile browsers.
ok for readonly activities. don’t get me wrong, i love the qb online version i use from my pc. you will not find anything better for the price. but the ipad version just doesn’t do tons of things i want it to. it’s ok if you want to run a p&l or bs but i run dozens of different reports that are unavailable for some reason. again, ok for checking balances, just not nearly robust enough to bother with for accountants.
great app. works well recommend for chippys like myself :)
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
a great improvement over the mac desktop version. it saves me tons of time that i used to spend recording payments, expenses and running reports. client payments are easily paid via credit card by the client and automatically applied to the invoice. it has simplified my accounting.
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
update killed app for me!. used to love this app as i’m a paid subscriber, but the recent update doesn’t launch anymore. i’ve tried removing and reinstalling same result. iphone x.
. using technology to make life simple again !
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
so far so good. i've been using the app for a week and love it so far. i find it extremely easy to make invoices in the field, and also very convenient to accept payments.
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
. quick books and intuit do not support you or your business if you get scammed. warning do not use this app for credit card transactions. you get screwed. screwed me out of almost $500
invaluable tool!. qbo app is invaluable for me as a small business owner. having access to all my funicular data, customer records and invoicing is fantastic! the app works flawlessly.
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
waste of time. crashes at least 50% of the time i try to enter an expense while on the go
. i would like to create, edit and update projects in the app. thanks
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
. very disappointed that once the app downloads popup advertising constantly appears on the phone. not only does it just come up on a screen, but no matter what app you may be in you will be diverted to quickbooks app and then diverted to their advertisers page. very annoying! especially in time sensitive situations like login situations on other sites, or snapchat. i am seriously considering deleting the app if they don't fix this problem soon.
business owner. used desktop for years and now after switching to imac and iphones this app is perfect and couldn't be easier. recommend this to anyone looking for an accounting app.
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
. this app is extremely slow, to the point of being unusable. the bank feed is ridiculously slow, anf accepting transactions lags terribly.
qbo saved my books. this app is a great extension to the desktop, cloud based program. everything you need in the palm of you hand and more.
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
flawless. first app that i've used that really hasn't had any problems at all. i do most on my computer but this is nice to have in case you're in a jam
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
cannot log in. garbage. terrible customer service!
. amazing app...simplifies office work a lot
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
need to see register. touch enabled but still wants me to login with password. disappointed.
very good!. really does help to keep everything at your finger tips, it's a convenient way to keep track of your earnings and invoices. one quick glance and you know where your company is at! 👍🏻
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
terrible billing system. i had an email offer for 75% off, tried to get it on my desktop. ended up subscribing for $10mth only to find out it closed my trial account, created a new account, now i have to cancel,subscribe on the ipad for $25mth and my data is not updating now....run away from this fast....
almost there!!. please, please, please qb🙏🏼 you're a few key functions away from making this app the mobile office.
no purchase orders. as of feb 2015, i'm unable to find a way to create purchase orders from this app. without the ability to raise orders for inventory, i cannot run my business, so the app is useless for me. seems handy, so i wish it worked properly.
awful program. glitchy... no help at all from customer service, i paid my fee and they used it to open a new account instead of paying for the one i had. “unable” to refund me... i spent three hours on the phone today with three different people, absolutely no help, no service, no one has any idea what the hell they’re doing, a very poorly run company. disappointed
sweet business app. fantastic app for running my business when in remote areas or on the go!! no glitches with the app either!
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
just barely ok.. app has multiple issues . with page format. browser must use google chrome to get all options . called 3 times , on phone over hour each time . weeks later still nothing fixed . app is very limited .. customer service is a joke . here i thought i was upgrading to a better software . lol i was so wrong ..
. great app
missing functionality. reliable app but authentication is too slow. also some features aren't available. i sometimes just use the web app through the browser to access those features.
. can't get the app to open at all being charge for something that not even use at all pls close the account thx
highly recommend for startups. qbo does everything that i need it to. it is a great dashboard to see where i am at, with the ability to add details to all of my transactions.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
. garbage! just a scam that fishes for personal information. stay the hell away!
solid except.... i like that it keeps sync of everything smoothly. there's no wait time, and if so i never notice it. it's fast and convenient. best accounting software hands down! the app is smoother than the mac desktop version, this should be fixed!
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
. works very well for how i use the app within my business.
app crashing ios13. app is crashing in io13
. this is not the full quick book experince togo, maybe if you only sell 5 products and dont need to go through and verify invoices. for me this is usless, full features or no go.
love itrepeat user. i love quickbooks because of the ease of getting things done in accounting. i am by no means an accountant but this does everything for me and i just hand it to my accountant at the end of the year which makes it so easy.
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
. very useful
quickbooks online. 80% of business can be done from smartphone including invoicing and expenses.
. installed. was so excited. doesnt connect to server. period. useless. rather use simple invoicing
. great app
basic functionality is good. this app has a lot of the data that i want to see. limitations are that you cannot do queries or make selections like the online version. i would like it to look and work more like the online version, then i would rate it 5.
. i have seen personal budgeting apps that have better user experience than this. here just some of the glaring issues:  it forces you to relogin alot, and it does not support google signin, which means you have to retype a complex password every single time  you could use pin login from settings, but it is useless..  it forces pin code reentry everytime you use the camera or switch to another app.
app is good, online version great. i do love the ease of use of online version. however, i wish i would have access to bank accounts and credit card accounts on the app. please add these features!
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
. purchased app following welcome link from qb online thinking they would integrate and work together seamless, not so totally separate and no vat invoicing. cancelled same day billed for a month.
#1 business app. after trying many programs, including all of quickbooks packages, quickbooks has the best tools for running your startup.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
app isn’t working now. please advise. it has stopped working. i click on the app and it automatically closes. new iphone today should work unless not compatible with ios13.
. game changer
great accounting software. i previously used myob, thank goodness i changed to this  it is light years ahead and is saving me huge amounts of time.
an accountancy company that cant keep track of its accounts.. when it was time to subscribe intuit had a problem recognising the i tunes payment and could do nothing to resolve the problem , the told me the only solution was to pay them direct and start a new account thus losing all of my data in the process with no guarantee it won’t happen again , mr m ship was particularly useful in helping me to leave this poor service
great mobile app. this app is perfect for my business. i'm out of the office majority of the day so being able to send or create estimates and invoices is very nice. quick and easy
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
. needs something fix sales tax to enable for existing customers!
absolutely inconsistent. probably the worst app i had on my phone. i have deleted it. it gives incorrect, inconsistent notifications. it’s completely useless to access certain parts of qbo. how incredibly unfortunate that intuit can’t build an app that can compare with the advances made in qbo.
very helpful. wonderful app for on the go needs.
. easy to use. the only reason i did give it five stars was because you can't add custom fields to the customer data.
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
easy. great app that is so simple to navigate, and dead easy for business novices. well designed.
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
. crashes on launch after signing in with fingerprint
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
would like to see. new user, so maybe i'm missing something, but there should be a way to create an expense report and bill it to a customer.
horrible ever since update!!. this last update completely ruined the app.
. great app for small business.
. very good, i am on trial not sure how much full experience will cost, i'll update when i can
. hands down the worst customer service system i've ever dealt with. not once have i called that i wasn't on hold for 15 minutes to then have the person transfer me to someone else because they couldn't help me. i'm currently having the money taken from my account but am being told my account doesn't exist and i have to sign up for a new one.
mobile access. when i am waiting for kids or train etc i am still able to post and make hanged using the ipad or iphone and very convenient
nice, but they increased price a lot!. i like the app but am concerned with how much they just increased price for my service.
don't buy this, it has glitches!. i have had nothing but problems, it won't let me in account...then didn't record travel information. now it is impossible to cancel.
like the app. just hope it would be easier to use need better access to my custumers invoice and estimates
. user friendly for the droid not so much in the appleipad.
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
terrible, embarrassing. after purchasing and downloading the app, it worked fine on day 1. tried to open it and show it off...it would not open. the next day, i gave it another chance. i successfully created an invoice template and then tried to edit a service. the app then froze. i will obtain a full refund and never give this another look.
i recommend for on the go companies. i have been using the app for a year and it has work great for me no downtime and easy access on my phone. great app!
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
crash. latest update causes app to crash on loading.
great accounting software. after using qb software for many years, i switched to qb online as a happy customer. i advise qb online especially if you are in wholesale trading.
good presentation. the app does not provide the option of tds in invoice which is provided in pc browser. so a star less from me
. i can't even login, there is some kind of bug.
great small business app. love this app for my working vacations!
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
. quick books and intuit do not support you or your business if you get scammed. warning do not use this app for credit card transactions. you get screwed. screwed me out of almost $500
convenient. a very nice app that gives me power to monitor and control my company accounts anytime, anywhere.
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app!
still useless. what is this for? can't see the check register, can't add vendor bills. you should be able to access all aspects of qb online. i guess its ok if all you want to do is look at pretty graphs.
owner. does great. especially when i'm in the field.
app crashing ios13. app is crashing in io13
poor payroll and after service tech support.. been waiting months to try and sort it out. hours on the phone. not worth the energy anymore. looking at zero as a worthwhile option. regret being tricked into the cheap price. pay peanuts you get monkeys.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
labor cost. the software has all the infrastructure for tracking labor cost to individual customers. why can’t intuit enable it so the cost can be applied from weekly timesheets to the job cost of individual customers?
works great. really like being able to manage invoices on the go for my small business
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
. this app has one major flaw in my view. my bank transactions do not update unless i go through the website and update it there. this is probably the only reason i have this app. this is very annoying and i have contacted quickbooks about this issue and they are not helpful. they tell me to go to the website and update it there! would be a great app if they fix this issue.
. excellent software!
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
. tenue de livre simple et pratique!
. great app, though i still need to refer to the desktop version. i am unable to pay employees through the app.
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and redownload it relogin yeah that doesn’t work.
awesome!. i have always enjoyed using quickbooks. over the years i have moved from quickbooks to quickbookspro to quickbooks enterprise and now quickbooks online. this online system is awesome. if integrates well with other systems i use, it’s easy to navigate (once you take the free courses), customer service is excellent when i have issues  and it will move straight into my turbotax corporate filings. love, love, love it!
perfect. i migrated over from the computer version and so far it's awesome. i went out and bought a verizon tablet to make my billing easier in the field. i now can do everything before i walk out of the customers house, the days of going to the truck to write up a invoice are over!!!
doesn't work. app isn't working with lg g5 with android.6.0.1. won't let me login.
. its a time saving tool. and it helps to keep things in order and simple.
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
. great app .... just makes life easy!!!
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
app as of lately. every time  every single time  i open app, it tells me it must log out because it’s running critical updates. it worked fine until a week ago. not sure if it’s related to apple software but it’s getting old.
. awesome. very easy to navigate. amazing to be able to do all this from my phone.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
find someone else.. their help desk refuses to speak to the actual person who handles my business books and wanted to do nothing more then waste my time when i have business to run! square is looking even better! 112019 updated response to quickbooks. the person was on the account and had full access. again wasting time and money and horrible customer service.
wow!. really cool app! it's linked on all my device! i can make invoices on my phone and send it to my clients directly from email! cool stuff!
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
dissapointed. this is the frontline of my business as i am a mobil service technician. app no longer will save or complete an invoice. this is crippling my business! fixxxxxx please immediately!
. makes my job so much easier
. it would be good to be able to save pdf receipts downloaded to my mobile straight onto the app. all i can do just now is take a screenshot.
. i am not happy they changed my mailing address in my invoices with out my authorization. my payments are been delay. not happy with them right now
administrator. nice application.
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
. i haven't been able to use this app for a really long time, all the sudden it doesn't save my login details anymore, hard to login, once i logged in and try to go next step, it logged me out and says tempary not available. super annoying!!
. love this app. i've been running my small business for 2 years using it and it's been great.
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
. i can't remember the last time i was this frustrated with an app andor company. more often than not, the app andor the website do not work. they sure don't have any issues with their autorenew and collecting money from users. they just can't figure out how to provide a product that works and customer service that can, or even wants to, help. think long and hard before choosing quickbooks for your business. i wish i had.
. great software
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
worst customer support ever. worst customer support in history. using their software and need cs is the best ticket to drive you out of business.
. one of my top goto apps. very useful and a ton of functionality.
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
. similar issues as gillian, dashboard blank, constant error messages on mobile. i also ended up accidentally reinstalling a slightly different version and was paying double!! i didn't realize there were two very similar apps!! i also uninstalled reinstalled and it didn't fix issue. i am currently trying to figure out how to recover all the expenses and photo's of receipts for the tax season.
. for the entrepreneur on the go, this app is fantastic. i post my expenses with photos of receipts and create invoices from the car! terrific.
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
offres aux nouveaux clients. je suis client depuis le début nous avons eu beaucoup de problèmes au lancement, le support était moyen... aujourd'hui il y a beaucoup d'offres pour les nouveaux clients mais rien pour les clients fidèles. et une fois en place... impossible ou presque de partir et d'exporter ses données pour un logiciel sans abonnement. le produit est désormais fonctionnel et agréable mais cher pour une petite compagnie.
. simple to navigate
not bad. could use improvements but will get by in a pinch when you don't have access to your main computer. 82317 update 1 year later..... my review stands. too many things you can't do compared to full version on my desktop mac computer.
way too limited. i can’t even use the app to see if a bill was processed. it only allows you to view check or ach transactions and deposits. checks processed through bill pay don resigister as activity.
quickbooks online. an easy to use system to keep track of your business accounts whilst on the move or on the couch at the end a hard day. works we'll on pc or ipad. very happy so far. looking forward to future upgrades etc.
app stopped loading after ios update. please fix
quickbooks. quickbooks has been absolutely amazing overall. main issue is customer service and their ability to provide customer support for the app. i was required to ph 3 different numbers, one being out of service. once i finally spoke to csr he was extremely friendly but did state they haven’t been provided proper training to assist with app related issues but would do his best to help. i would upgrade to 4 or 5 stars if they provide a user friendly option for support.
awesome app. works great for my mobile detail business.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
growing apps. always getting better and better
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
. service sucks.
great app. accounting on the go!. ahh my favorite part of the day just got a whole lot easier. this app lets you track you individual transactions on the fly. it also lets you categorize and itemize expenses. if you like neat books and your on your phone a lot this app makes things easy. it's free so just try it out.
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
almost usless. the app does not show all the info like logging in from a pc. also scrolling up or down on a page is very glitchy. quickbooks has a lot of work to do on making this app useful.
. it's been awesome giving estimate 's on the fly.
. you need this app if your running a business
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
best business app. quickbooks has definitely made running my business much more efficient and has made it easier to close on deals. the estimate tool makes it easy to send professional looking estimates to clients, and with a click, those estimates turn into invoices. you can receive payments through quickbooks as well. add the payroll service and you can run the whole business yourself. i would definitely recommend this to any new business start up.
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
app not working since update. normally i'd give the app 45 stars but every time i log in now it says sign in successful but there is no online account associated with the email and to start a free trial. however when i login from safari, i get in no problem. please fix as i am unable to access data from my phone.
. excellent app
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
forced payroll system not working. since march 2017 our payroll that they force you to pay for if you have employees has not working correctly. edd efile is non existent, cannot archive reports, and irs efile is sporadic. customer service wont credit any amount nor can they fix the problem even after “escalating” it to priority customer support. three “cases” opened, none of which fixed the problem. do not buy this product.
invaluable asset for this one man show. love having the ability to run my business from my phone. bill clients, collect payments and capture expenses all while balancing the banking records and viewing company reporting (basic p&l etc) on the go is amazing! keep it up
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
. this app is horrible. why make something so bad? it needs a complete overhaul. i can't email receipts to an inbox, income transactions don't show gst amount like expenses, i can't view pdf receipts. it's just all round ugly and cumbersome and i've only used it for five minutes. i thought the xero app was bad but it's 5 stars compared to this trash. deleted.
. fairly quick and easy to use. expenses are a snap of the camera, and it links to my bank and credit card accounts for easy reconciliation.
. i have already paid for this software and it would be great if this came free as it does with my security and vendors software. it is not worth $9.99 a month when i still have issues with it.
cannot download all data since last update. since enabling touched, after the last update, i keep getting notified all my data cannot be downloaded
love online access. i love that i can access from anywhere. i like the desktop version better than the online version, but still a good program for a small business.
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
. dashboard unable to load after dozens of reinstalls, reboots and even on another phone entirely. ever since the new redesign the app has been riddled with intermittent loading of the dashboard to now nonexistent. tmobile, oneplus 6t tmobile, samsung galaxy note 10+
. great app for the on the go contractor. i can invoice, send a receipt from anywhere.
decent. not as full featured as website
. not free. when it's 'free trial' it's free trial, not free. uninstalled $8 monthly? seriously? :)
great app. extremely easy to use and has made doing my accounts a much easier and enjoyable experience! would highly recommend!
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
new update is awful. the newest update is so awful! i can't post things on my invoices, i can't email invoices, nothing! it acts like it is doing it, but then it freezes and tells you to refresh before making changes. i refresh, make the change again, and it gives me the same message again. awful update!
. awesome app. makes running my business so much easier when i am on the go!
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
simple things just don’t work in this app.. now i can’t copy my password from my password safe into the quickbooks login. this means i will have to use a simple easy to use and less secure password. also, there is no way to enter check numbers into the bank transactions. this works fine on a mac and online but not in the ipad app. these simple problems make the ipad app almost useless.
. user friendly, good customer service.
. bit slow !!! otherwise i love it...
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. great app, makes paperless billing a breeze for a small company.
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. i love this app! makea my life easier:)
. one day it did not load. otherwise. great mobile app.
printing receipts. how come you cannot print receipts on the app after you have put a payment through
. while this app has a couple of problems, the benefits far outweigh the negatives. i would recommend it to anyone in business
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
not very good. this app dose not work with samsung galaxy s 6 or 6 edged, iv phone over 6 time now and just keep getting fobbed off , i don't even think thinking quickbooks technical support know wat they are doing i'm just left in the dark
grateful for this software. i have an easy time figuring it out. overall i like this app. thanks would like to have a few other features like an easy way to delete mistakes. 102014. the customer support and tech support is awesone! fast, accurate and efficient! thank you.
yep. great app...appart from the lack of multi currency function...and would be great if we could easily switch company as on the web
no app support for time activity. come on quickbooks! no time activity entry in the app?! ridiculous!
. powerful yet easy to implement. i can help my clients set up estimating and billing on the run and remotely update bank recs, etc
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
. adding time tracking to the app would be nice.
. great app
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
crashes on open. useful app until this update. it crashes on open, both on ipad and iphone. cannot do business this way...
. great app easy to navigate
statements!. please add the ability to send a statement(s) from the mobile app. thank you!
. app start hi nahi ho raha he,add company karte hi restart ho jata he
. still very much a novice, but love learning qbo as i go
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
sucks. stupid
best app ever. it works awesome i recommended 100%
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
. i am unable to see invoices dated back more than a few months. it is also hard to search by name.
pretty good. the app allows you to record expenses on the go as they happen. nice to be able to balance the books as you go along instead of waiting until you are back at your computer. :)
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
weak iphone app, no customer service. really weak app, no customer service. after trying to contact qb customer service, i got no response from anybody at qb. after paying big monthly fees $ i'm switching back to invoice2go, where i got great customer service and my feedbacks were used in improvements.
helps me so much. new business owner, this app has been so helpful. can do estimates send invoices and input expenses from any where, weather im at the store or on the go i can work
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
pres. good product except for email. if you email invoice and customer does not receive because of their sever being down, you never get notified. this can be a real problem because you do not find out until the customer is past due on the invoice..
. very nice system. very easy to use. i would like to be able to pull more reports and have more options in the mobile app.
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
less than useless. this app does not interface enough of the information from the desktop version. reports are raw numbers and can’t pull up any supporting information. p&l is worthless. the desktop version seems to miss the point of accounting software. ie making all your information easy to input then easy to analyze in reports. this does neither. qbpro etc was far easier to navigate without the slick graphics and colors. aaaaaargh!
made my life easier. i use to spend all weekend doing paper work and now i do it as i go in the car.
queers. geysnlesbians
terrible. glitchy. doesn't update new transactions. hard to navigate compared to desktop qbo app. honestly, intuit knows it can do better than this. they're just greedy.
ótimo!. recomendo!!!
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
so many glitches. this program glitches at least once a month. today it is telling me we don't have an account. so frustrating. it's great when it works, but it should always work.
great app. it sure is nice to be able to do things anytime anywhere.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
zero stars. it really surprises me that a big company like intuitquickbooks couldn’t come up with something that worked. the app is almost completely useless. i installed it, tried to do some basic stuff on it and couldn’t so i deleted it. please intuit you have to have someone that can build you a better app!!
. good app really i enjoy working with it
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
"don't bother. it says above ""get full access to everything quickbooks online has on the web"". but in fact it is a totally different application geared to salesmen on the road. don't expect to see your accounts here, all you have is:  customers  estimates  your invoices and sales receipts. very disappointing; forget it"
amazing app!!. our business reconciliation just became simplified. easy to use and online access allows us to work on the go. highly recommend if you wish to save time.
works great. i live how i can edit and emails invoices on the go. as well as having all my credit card processing all tied in. so customers can pay invoiced from the actual invoice and not have to include other services.
not so good. it keeps hanging up with an error message not connected to the internet. not very useful for business.
great. great for uploading expenses on the run.
. i like the app, but i can't view all of the vendor bills and payments on the mobile app. i've tried multiple android and ios devices and just can't see the vendor bills and payments. i can see them online, but it would be nice to be able to view them in the app as well.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started.
great app. time saver for small business owners
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
newuser. enjoying the switch from mac to online!
. i installed it on my cellphone but wasn't installed because of insufficient storage. so what i did was to delete some apps on my phone. when i tried to install it again to the phone it won't work because the said phone now cannot be access because it's now not highlighted in this quickbook apps
not ipad friendly. although the web based system works pretty well from a desktop or laptop it is very unfriendly on the ipad.
better than ever but. i'd say your app is better than ever but you won't get 5 stars from me until i can do payroll on this app.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
not updating. my receipts and income is stuck.
. love this app, keeps track of all my expenses and payments from clients. easiest way to do estimates and invoices as well.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
absolute garbage. the ios app and their windows and os x apps are trash. constant workflow interruptions to relogin, then reauthenticate via email. i've spent hours typing in password and security codes in the last month for no reason. same ip, same computer... no need to constantly log me out and ask for another security code. the only thing their security seems to do is keep me out of my account.
. easy to use, great for keeping track of expenses, account payable, billing invoices, service. link to your bank account to keep track of everything all in one place
accounts. simple is the new smart
. waste of time, the app frequently crashed and doesn't have anywhere near the functionality of the web app.
. for a mobile business this app works great
. usefull and effective. it needs improvement in its mobile features. creating delivery challan and entering gst details while adding new customers isn't available currently. hope to see this feature soon in the app
. they billed my account even though i ended my subscription and was told i would not be billed!!! 😡😠
great app. easy to use and getting better every update
doesn’t work with ios13. just updated ios 13 app doesn’t load. even after deleting and readding.
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
. payment to vendors are shown as expense
taking our business to a new level. we have been so happy since we switched to quickbooks online plus! it has allowed us to streamline our invoicing and bookkeeping. our clients love how easy it is to pay invoices online. we love knowing we've received payment for each cleaning performed! qb customer service is excellent.
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
. scammers!!!! worst mistake you can make! this company is a bunch of scammers. i used this service for about a week and found that i can't stand it, so i canceled over a year ago. my credit card still gets charged 40 bucks every month. i've got my credit card company involved and everything. this company sucks!!!
great app for accounting on the go!. i don't know why people are disappointed in this app it's an app, not an entire accounting software. plus it's free! i love this app. i can create, manage & send invoices on the go. that's all i need to do. it has a simple interface. kudos to qb.
. good app but it's annoying that i have to remove and reinstall the app for almost every update that's released.
. absolutely horrible customer service having multiple issues but because they can't duplicate it they act as if it's not a problem i have to delete my app and reinstall just about every day now because it says there is suspicious activity when there isn't and on the samsung tablet the app will not let you do negative numbers for discounts
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
. partial capability cant load expenses in the droid version but can on the apple version. expense management is important. a small thing that has a big impact. wouldnt take much to do and make it five stars.
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
easy to work with. it's just incredible to use and work with.
. i like the software however it is still a bit confusing. i will need to spend more time training
app is crap. the quickbooks app very rarely lets us sign in and when it does many of the functions do not work. i’ve contacted customer service which is a complete joke. their suggestion was to check out the message board to see who else may have the problem we have! why? how about fix the problem!
brian peterson remodel. great app. wish i could attach pictures to estimates and invoices using my mobile app.
better if had a progress invoice option.. almost complete, but not perfect. still missing progress invoices feature. i’m using 2 apps because i need that.
. sorryest app i've had. cannot even log in.
. amazing software
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
. love the app. really helps making estimates and sending email to customers. it can also keep up with profit and loss but i haven't been using it. habit of doing it myself
. good basic accounting app but widgets don't seem to work
qb app no good!!!. quickbook online is fine where as the app has only limited features!!!
does it work?. great app. keeps me well ordered and never lets me down
great app!. very useful, but i think it still needs some work. very limited, need to offer more functions.
still needs some changes. multiple addresses for a company is still a drama as it changes all pervious invoices and quotes. plus now on the ipad version it says i can't access until subscription is paid but it is.. works on computer but can't use my ipad. annoying!!!
easy to use. generally easy to use. some limitations on app.
. game changer! i've only had it downloaded for 5 minutes and i love it! i will change this review, if any hiccups change my mind, after further use.
useless  data download errors. the app worked great for the past couple years and now all the sudden it keeps crashing when trying to download my data. i own a mobile business and now i'm having to preplan and print invoices before i show up because the app is useless.
great & uptodate!. this is a great little app to give you access into the back end of your quickbooks online account. great for doing simple invoicing and adding expenses. i still use the desktop browser for more complicated reports and such. well done and intuit keeps the app up to date thank you!
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
. buyer beware. you can't cancel your subscription online or through the app like you would with any other subscription service. you have to call them and play phone tag for a while if you decide that this service isn't right for you.
recommend for one stop booking & accounting. i tried many softwares for accounting , the only reason i choose this platform because of its graphics & designs , the dashboard itself give you a ray of positivity , they design the dashboard and entire platform graphics in future aspect. apart from it there customer service is also and helpful. cheers !! ashutosh
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
. doesn't have my back in its list, so it's useless. i've cancelled my subscription. when i contacted support, they were obsessed with my subscription, rather than the actual issue.
. absolutely love this app! makes running a business easy and quick. stress free and convenient! definitely recommend trying this over anything else!
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
not a user friendly apps. not flexible
easy to use. with our business at the end of our fingertips, quickbooks provides the ease required to manage our income and expenses quickly and effortlessly. having used most of the other leading brands, we find this is the best by far!
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
honestly i would rate this app 0!. app doesn't work at all, getting error every time i'm trying to login. no respond from team during a week! just stay away of it!!! if you think that your advice to reinstall would help  you are wrong! i did it already couple if times before your advise finally came in. this app just doesn't work and i wouldn't spent more time for it!!!!!! stay away of it!!!
quickbooks online. does everything i need without problems.
. really slow compared to desktop
bad update. was close to perfect, or at least practical. since the last update, this app is useless to me. hoping this will change!
love it so easy to use.. what a great app simple to use and the support is there if you need. would differently recommend it to anyone who runs a small business.
. my issue has been partially resolved. i would give them 4 stars if the process wasn't so difficult.
the android app is so diffrent than the ios app.. ios app has the functionality to select multiple items too an estimateorder with the multi select feature. this is missing in android. also before the update, the send comand asked the way we wanted to send the invoice and we can select email, fax application. but with the update it only send with the quickbooks email. cant send by fax anymore. please provide the share option on invoice and estimates atleast.
wow, did this app save our business. we are in florida and have had no power or internet for over one week. this app saved our real estate rental business. everything you can do on your desktop, you can do with your ipad, using this app. all customer data is stored on the cloud. this app is mandatory if you get hit by a disaster!
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
won't save receipts. try to record receipts in expenses, just get error message. called the number the message had, person they don't offer support for mobile devices or their app.**** update i did as you requested the day you requested and to date have not heard back from your staff. same issue with samsung 10.1 tablet and s6 phone.
yamin it solutions. great application
good presentation. the app does not provide the option of tds in invoice which is provided in pc browser. so a star less from me
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the ipad and iphone is useless.
great app. i’ve been a subscriber for about 3 years it’s a great app ... for me the one thing lacking is being able to enter and track progress payments.
. i am with digital account
good, not great. you can do the basics, like sync bank accounts, run a few basic reports. but you can’t take many useful actions or get reliable search results. the bank accounts render weirdly. it’s more like a novelty rather than a tool.
best for small businesses on the go. i'm a cpa consultant that specializes in accounting systems and qb and its other products qbo are the most popular in our vancouver market. it's popular simple to use, has good built in reporting, and lots of apps. and it's adaptable for virtually all small businesses.
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
. you have to use the website to update banking transactions. the website sometimes takes days to update them also, sometimes it's virtually instant, but sometimes it takes days. it's annoying to have to use a website every time you use an app.
excellent app.
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
amazing app!!!. this is the most powerful and helpful app to manage a company, it it easy and friendly!!
. app is crashing as soon as it starts... 🙄 edit: app is now working, i wish all features of the desktop version were also available on mobile.
worst app update. after updating the recently, app is crashing. unable to login
best app ever. just wanted to thank the development team for helping me to manage my business easier with this app.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
fix the bugs. this program has many bugs and has connectivity issues. the level of problems with the software is extensive. when the program works correctly it works nicely, but the downtime and glitches greatly degrade the value of this software. i would look for an alternative accounting software package. i do not know anyone who has used this software that would give it a five star rating. in other words, i am very skeptical of the rating shown.
fantastic app. really easy to use. saves me a lot of time as i can do my invoicing on the go. make sure you sign up for quickbooks online, not self employed, and then your accountant can use quickbooks accountant to access your files.
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
poor experience with qb customer service. does not integrate with wells fargo merchant account. was very disappointed with customer service representative to get information on how to implement quickbooks pos. ended up going with wf, and would probably have gone with qb pos if we had all the facts. representative was flippant, condescending, and rude.
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
horrible. please update this app so it stops crashing during every use!!! also, critical updates every time you try and do anything???? getting old and frustrating. fix it!!!!! also, why when you update a transaction, it saves it from before the update, so you are doing the work twice???
. it's convenient when on the go. love how i can invoice and récord payments when away from office. keeps me on track. easy to work with.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
small business accounting. very helpful software for my business. has everything from accounting software to expenses, to employee payroll and deductions. has helped me become more efficient with my time. makes estimating and invoicing more streamline.
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
not easy to do it all on app. find trying to complete and send vat return a headache. also we use coop bank doesn’t tie up with qb nor does it with starling business bank
great apps. like it!
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
don't do latest update. was working great until latest update. now i cannot create any invoices.
almost always works. great convenience, except the 2% of the time when the app schnitts the bed
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
. doesn't really do much in the big quickbooks picture
a small business must have. i have used quickbooks pro for my small company for many years, but i can't believe i have gotten this far without this app.
. really need to be able to create a purchase order using the app
. this app doesn't do payroll. apparently you can download quickbooks payroll but i couldn't find it. found it online and the google play website said the app is incompatible with all of my 7 different devices. sure this is available in the uk?
ease of use. simple and intuitive. makes it easy to review accounts on the go and create invoices onsite.
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
what did you do?. after the update today i can no longer enter pavements? and my ipad version no longer syncs with my updated info from my phone?! fix it!!!!
app. very god
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
. this app is honestly magnificent. it helps me balance my checkbook. helps me track expenses and send invoices. it's honestly a must.
purchase order. i like the app it's a good app there is one screw up and a big one i wonder if it's only me who uses it why can't i make a purchase order on the app ??? other wise it's a great app
"fees on fees. while the app itself works and is fairly handy, i strongly advise against quickbooks as a company. i signed on as a business owner for $6.95 a month and was immediately slapped with over $100 in fees hidden in ""fine print"". worse is the utter inability to get any customer support from intuit. i canceled my subscription and despite already paying for the month, lost access immediately and lost all of my records. then i got billed again. stay away."
excellent software. best products, excellent customer service, can't imagine how i would manage without it. thanks quickbooks!!!
. very useful. if can get it for eternity at one time payment and not to be paying monthly that would be nice.
. invoicing only works when it feels like. app is very hard to navigate. half the tools i have to log in to my computer and do on the desktop version. very dissatisfied and will be cancelling this service soon as i find a better alternative.
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
general manager. garbage company
horrible app!!!. online service seems to work good but use my phone a lot on the go!!! can't do any billing from app anymore!!! really hurting disappointed!!!! who do you talk to about this!!!! i give the app no stars
. easy to use, easy to keep your invoices accurate, costumers like it
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
. love being able to do invoices in the field.
make thing simple. we work away from the office all the time. q on the smart phone makes that easy. and it has never locked any of phones up. it work great.
. contiuous problems with syncing data and logging in. the contact center has been terrible to deal with and provide no help at all.
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
. excellent app to get into your data on the road. i understand more functionality would be useful but being able to raise & query jobs and send out estimates & invoices 'in the wild' on my mobile phone is a real asset.
. as a selfemployed individual, you get no support. do not buy. wasted over two hours on the phone with various customer service reps and was informed that you get online support. lost three weeks of work in few mins. they won't even give me refund. wish i can give negative stars!!!
. great app friendly to use can create receipts on the spot. i am a mobile repair service and i run all my sales thru this app.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
. app is crashing on login. i cannot access my business now.
great app. i am running a smal business llc for a tattoo parlor, great app for even simple tasks. definitely worth the money, and i wouldn't use anything else.
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
. really. trying to do work here and you are forcing an update. no time for this bs
. big time saver allows me too stay in the field, no need to make a trip to the office, no problems at all, love it.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
mixed bag and ball and chain. a great improvement over the years but the system breaks down at the worst times. today(friday) could not access any of the program for 4 hours. no invoices. no purchase orders. yikes!! when it works, it works well.
. stress free app
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
meh... large app, slow and expensive. looks nice but loading times are slow and not all sections display properly on a phone.
ideal for small business. very user friendly and i phone friendly too
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
no way to categorize transactions. no way to access bankcredit card accounts to categorize transactions. what's the point of having the profitloss tab if that's the case??
. we just started our business, and have been pleasantly surprised with the ease of use, and the customer service has been even better.
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
cumbersome. qb stinks on ice! i so miss the older versions! oh, qb online will not integrate into turbo tax! i would never use it again if i had a choice. i'm looking into sage. the menus are horrible it's so cumbersome to move from one screen to another. constantly hangs up and freezes!!!
. so far so good. we are happy with the app. makes invoicing and estimating easy to get out from my pick in last minute situations.
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
. restart the app error. uninstalled and reinstalled app. same error.
great app!. our company switched from quickbooks desktop to the online version which came with the option to download the app. we now use the app more than online. we handle estimates, invoices, payments, banking and more directly in the app and on the go. the app has a simple and clean look making it easy to navigate. to date we haven't had any issues with it. we are excited to finally be able to get things done in less time!
needs expenses  time functionality.. obvious missing functionality.
. i am not happy they changed my mailing address in my invoices with out my authorization. my payments are been delay. not happy with them right now
fantastic software. a superb help to my business invoicing and payments are so easy to sendview and accept. easy to use and never had a problem.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. errors on free trail. can generate a invoice or put the company name on. i try my phone, tablet and laptop. keep on saying the same thing. error on tax .........
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
. good mobile app app has a problem switching from screen to menu. tends to freeze up and close itself
great enhancements. i can now create or edit invoices and send them with preview to my tenants. fantastic upgrade.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
crashes 48 times per day. app crashes over and over, saying you need to log in again for critical updates. there are no updates availability, and deleting and reinstalling the app doesn’t help. it’s frustrating because it takes 20 minutes to enter customer information, because you need to finish and hit that save button before the next crash. best to just use quickbooks in the browser, even though that isn’t perfect. four stars with no crashes.
. i'm completely new to this app. because of that i might not know what to look for. but this makes starting up a business extremely easy. definitely plan on subscribing once the trial is up. 👍and would gladly suggest this app to anyone looking for this kind of help and ease.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
. cant log in. the google app version does not communicate with the regular qb site. it's not useful if i cant log in with the app on my phone.
great app. has helped my business be very successful.
". we really like quickbooks online. it works nice but, the android phone and apple ipad apps still need some work. while functional in some things, overall app needs improved. we still use it, only when absolutely necessary, not a go to thing. my rating will change to 10 stars when  ""if"" they update these apps. but qb in general, love it!"
zero stars new version is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
. been using quick books for my small business for years makes accounting & finances really simple.
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
add receipt photos!!!. please this feature is desperately needed. you did it for the self employed app why not for this more expensive version???
awesome! a must for small business.. may seem a tiny overwhelming at first. just stick to it and you'll learn to love it! so simple once you get the hang of things ;)
great app! but quickly falling behind the ios version. our business purchased nexus 7 4g as it is much more cost effective and portable than an ipad mini. i recently looked at the ios capabilities in accessing my quickbooks data, i was very surprised to see so many more options. signature capture. scan a credit card from within the app etc etc. all of these feature are not on the android version but on ios. :(
. no option to cancel subscription! don't subscribe!
. nice app
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
. horrible. difficulty in getting customer service rep. when asked to speak to a manager she continued to argue. not easy to speak to a rep. i signed in and went thru steps to set up quick books it didn't like my information to deposit money. horrible and don't advise wasting money. sat on hold for a manager for an extremely long time more than 15 minutes.
senior pastor. excellent app
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
app is glitching. ever since the new update to the quickbooks mobile app, it has been glitching every time i try to open the app. every time i click the app it closes by itself. it's frustrating whenever i have to log anything in the app. i have to constantly delete the app and reinstall it for it to work properly again.
great product. great for any small startup or established business. gives you the tools to keep up with the income and expenses for taxes. pay bills and payroll quickly and efficiently.
decent. not as full featured as website
. really hard to un subscribe , cheep get what you pay for ...
. i am a quickbooks proadvisor. i started qbo and am getting used to it. the mobile app has really improved! thanks intuit. always love how you really care about what we experience.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
. just to clarify, if you are based in the eu and therefore required to comply with gdpr, you need to know that your data is stored in the usa. the software if very good, but this is a huge security issue that they refuse to answer clearly
"awesome apptool. although i rate it 5 star, there's much improvement that can be made on creating ""invoices"" definitely needs more options and versatility. needs more custom ability in modifying the invoice into something fitting to each customer. overall, keep up the great work and adding new custom features."
just fine for a small business. if you are looking to get up and running quickly, then this will do just fine. the subscription is a little on the high side compared to sage's offering, but sage is a lot more difficult to use.
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
. great app loving it
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
best business app. i never write reviews but had to for quickbooks. absolutely love. couldn't run my business without it. have recommend it to everyone.
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
login error. upgraded to an s7 and cannot login. i need the mobile app for my business!
. truly powerful software! takes a bit of getting used to, but once you grasp how it works, which is relatively simple, you're able to meaningfully track the financial health of your business.
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
. the newest update has completely wiped all of my information. i cannot see any content at all whatsoever on the app. i use this for everything. horrible
. the app is fantastic everything works well little exhausting to set accounts and banking but once everything is done and working it's very efficient and my customers can get their invoices very quickly plus in my electrical construction business.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
. this has to be the worst app going zero customer support constantly lied too been trying for 3 weeks to send an invoice and they don't care as long as you keep paying absolute rip off...not far from being a scam spoke to managers about problems and still nothing done do don't waste your time or money...try any other program or stick to pen and paper far better and less stressful
excellent accounting software. exactly meets my needs as an ecommerce professional. the reports are limited to pl and balance sheet, but that's is the heart of what you need. i've had it over 2 years now and love it.
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
critical simple feature still missing  for years!. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
works great but there are a few quirks. works really well but an offline option could really help the app work better. currently, the system could not generate the entries with no internet connection. it would be nice to be able to work offline first then reconnect when a sync is needed.
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
. hands down the worst customer service system i've ever dealt with. not once have i called that i wasn't on hold for 15 minutes to then have the person transfer me to someone else because they couldn't help me. i'm currently having the money taken from my account but am being told my account doesn't exist and i have to sign up for a new one.
. i absolutely love this app. it helps me to stay on track with my small business even while on the move. i can quickly upload any receipts, create invoicessales receipts & even track my payments while away from my computer. i would recommend this appsoftware for any entrepreneur, startup, small business even big business which wants to have realtime tracking of what's going on in their organization.
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
great app but....:.. good application but we need features that enable generation of reports
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
unable to login. trying to login on iphone from my user & password but unfortunately unable to do. the same user & password is working proper on my pc. kindly resolve the said issue at the earliest. thanks.
. i got the app working. it would be better if you could attach receipts to your expenses within the app. like the self employed app does.
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
demoted from 5 stars to 4. using the app on ipad and iphone for more than 5 years. dashboard has been unable to properly show invoice status for at least 3 months now. version 17.9, at least 3 updates ago? no fix yet nor response from intuit after feedback. while i’m not fond of frequent updates, one expects to have these kinds of obvious bugs fixed in the next update.
game changer. changed the way i handle my business transactions. from a simple to complex my invoices and estimates are presentable, traceable and accounted for. my reports help me secure loans in a flash. and my accountant loves me.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
good, but want more. ability to clear bank accounts and update feeds would be great, like the xero app
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
can't add or view expenses. the expenses option is not available! so why to have this app then?
. the app works well.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
signing out.... ugh this app keeps signing me out in the middle of my work.. please fix this soon.
. pretty easy and intuitive to use. i'm sure there is even more benefits than i know as i am fairly new to the mobile app.
crashing after ios 13 update. after ios 13. i can not log into my quickbooks app please fix this asap
be warned about quickbooks. this is not software. it’s ransomware. every two or three years they make it break and force you to upgrade. the upgrade is the same price as buying it new. the online version is just as bad. when i started using it it was $15 a month and now it’s $40 a month. be smart and don’t become a slave to intuit company.
. great app
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
. loads, then crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled, and still crashes upon open. fingerprint doesn't work anymore. frustrating.
. i like the app in general. please add inventory on your next update. it will be more useful on our comoany while using android.
. keeps logging me out otherwise really nice app
disappointed with android app. the pc version is so slick but the android version is very disappointing. as this is cloud based there should be no reason for such limited functionality. where do i enter my expenses when out working? if i had an iphone i would be able to. come on lets have similar functionality to the pc version.
invaluable. i am a mobile mechanic and use quickbooks on my journeys to write invoices, receipts and estimates. i wouldn't be without it
. the software is easy to get started with. however, matters such as how to generate p45, p60, issuing dividends, needs improvement.
could be better!. need reoccurring billing, invoices need to be more clear after multiple invoices have been sent. it would b a great idea to have some agreement templates.
good and convenient. i can sync quickbooks on my computer, ipad and iphone. convenient
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
. the app displays different figures for the amount overdue for a donor than what the website does. quite alarming that it shows different figures. means i can't trust anything it says!
. actually very important app for business and its very easy to handle good app.
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
best ap and program for home business. i trailed several other programs before quickbooks. it allows me to split an expense between personal and business which others wouldn't. the ap is easy to use and love that i can take a photo of the receipt. no more loosing receiptshaving them fade etc.
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
still can’t attach a receipt. even after the most recent update, i still can’t attach a photo of a receipt. i can select the photo from my library, but the save button has been missing since the last ios update.
great applimited function. it is a great app. wish it had full functionality. payroll within the app. not a extra app. that only works. if you want ituit to handle everything. need to work like accessing from desktop. writing checks should also be there. plus running reports. but it is a great app. with limited function. has gotten better. just wish it was getting there faster.
needs work. i love the functionality of it but i wish it would integrate paypal for the option on invoicing. my customers all use paypal & im double sending because there is not a paypal button on this invoice program!
app crashes. ever since update cannot open app. need to fix immediately.
. i just downloaded the latest version of the app and can feel a lot of the improvements! it had some issues in the last version but seems to be working perfectly well now. this app is crucial in managing my business!
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. need to be able to email multiple emails at one time.
great app but could use some improvement.. this is a great application to have access to while on the go. if it would update the profits and losses more accurately than i believe this would be well worth 5 stars. overall a great app.
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
no pos. doesn't allow you to create pos. takes out functionality available on the full online version.
quick books. awsome app. helps when your always on the go.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
. i have been using this app for few years now and i love it.
cis transactions. cannot carry out cis transactions in the app for some reason, you have to use the web version. this is really annoying and somewhat inconvenient. other than that, a great app....
. this app doesn't do payroll. apparently you can download quickbooks payroll but i couldn't find it. found it online and the google play website said the app is incompatible with all of my 7 different devices. sure this is available in the uk?
excellent business app. a must have for small businesses. excellent.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
. update 2020: since the last 2 updates, the app is broken now and does not work at all. can't log in, and just get a 'device appears to be offline' message.
the best invoice app. very simple to use and helps a lot! i recomend
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
. this app works well in ios, but a total disaster on android. i was supposed to renew my subscription, but instead, it routed me to creating a new company under a new subscription. i wasted my money for something i do not need. do not download this app.
. i use it à l ot for my activity, great, useful, efficient and greatly appreciated
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
. tells me i have an update but will not give me the option to update and will not let me log on
great app. the most recent updates made this app amazing. it is invaluable in my business. there are still some tweaks to be made but overall i give it 5stars.
quickbooks. it's an alright app. can be too difficult. but there aren't many other options.
. this is garbage
handy. great app! can create estimates and get signatures right on my phone!
. great service especially for a company on the go or starting up. would be better if it was optimized for the galaxy tab s4 . since it constantly crashes on it...
generally does not work. if they generally updated everything they might needful go back a step or two. won't even open on the ipad anymore. crashes immediately.
great, clean app. although it's yet another expense for your business, it's well worth every cent. more of an investment for us and we use it for four different companies (yes four times the subscription fee). regardless, it will manage your company's finances as they should be. leaving you with less hassle and worries about your accounts and more time to focus on more important entrepreneurial things.
a solid program. i like the idea of this application being online because many of my accounts can be updated asap.
needs updates. same app. works okay but very limited functionality. i figured since online version was updated they would've made changes here too. disappointed at how's long it's taking qb to add accounting functionality to this app.
. best accounting app ever
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
ios 13 doesn’t work. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please
. quick books is a wonderful and helpful program. when i have questions i am assisted by technical support team.
great app. use it while in the field working on my samsung galaxy tab pro 10.1 don't even need to break out the laptop!!
great app but it buggy with lollipop. not able to use this app anymore when my samsung updated to lollipop. bummer!!!!
highly recommended!!. makes it so easy to run my business from anywhere. definitely worth setting up if your out n about all the time or not to tech savvy. simple to use, there is tons of tutorials on their website.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
great app. far easier to use than desktop quickbooks. great software
for phone. could be easier to use if it was more like the pc edition
banking synchronisation. the level of failure is becoming unacceptable. every update from quickbooks results in failure. then there are the occasions when the bank upgrade and qb does not. we rely on you to make it work seamlessly and always.
. very convenient app. makes business much easier.
easypeasy. this was the first software that made perfect sense for my social media management and marketing company! i'm unclear why there are so many complaints. i have had no problems or unrealistic acceptance.
. i can't remove the date from my columns on a quote. several days and still no reply from your support team. extremely poor. if you wish to cater to businesses then you need better support. i emailed and posted but no reply. i have quotes overdue and am losing customers. i want this product but not if there is no support.
great app and fair prices. i do all my business through quick books and have had no major problems. the rates on credit transactions are equivalent to any other clearing house and at $30 a month to automate my process is a life saver. great simple to read reports too.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
works a treat..... nice additional to the main on line version... all good on s6 edge, no problems.
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
. where do i start. purchased to help with accounts for small self employment business. did not upload new transactions from bank account or paypal as advertised on app or the full site. mileage tracker was not accurate. user interface too basic. so frustrating as i would use this constantly but as it does not upload my transactions properly, it is unusable. far too glitchey as an app. wish i had done free trial and not wasted money on it.
like it but has its let downs. i like being able to get stuff done on breaks throughout the day. givea me more family time when i get home but the computer version is 10x better. if the app were set up the same would get 5 start from me
. this app really needs the ability to add delayed charge. how else is a user supposed to log billable time spent in the field?
please fix this asap!!!!. this update is horrible and does not work properly at all! data doesn't refresh and i keep getting error messages. the only (very temporary) fix is to delete the app and redownload it  daily! lame! this must be addressed immediately.
. this app like a zin
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
simply outstanding. i'm floored by the convenience and utility of this app. good work, intuit!
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
love this app. couldn't see running my business without it!!
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
ios 11 not ready? lot of bugs and crashes. every time i’m make a new invoice it crashes and take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
. we love quickbooks! it helps you to stay organized and keep track of your income and expenses so when tax season comes you have it all ready. we have found it very useful!
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
. this app sucks. it has stopped working and often displays incorrect information. it's super annoying. only the desktop works.
loved it. its very useful app to track expenses and invoice.
super app. very satisfy with demo. app looks and works super but expensive! :(
. disappointed trying to set up for a new business and linking bank account. keeps telling me something has gone wrong. after phoning up still no help. tried on 2 different devices and uninstalled loads of times. not happy. 🙈😥
. great app, makes my life much easier!!
co owner. we opened a small furniture and decor store. we use quickbooks online with few problems, however the go payments part was terrible. on our opening day it couldn't process 5 credit card transactions and has been sporadic ever since. we bought a new i pad hoping the faster processor would help wrong.
. mediocre app.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app.
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
. so easy to use and realized how much i've been spending. really hurting profits. now i can minimize expenses and increase profits. worth every penny!!!!
. my issue has been partially resolved. i would give them 4 stars if the process wasn't so difficult.
multitasking?. would be nice if app supported multitasking.
great app. easy to use for on the go business. wish it had check printing feature. please add that.
. awesome intuit continues to improve the app. i feel like i get more for my money.
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
great software & online support. quickbooks support is great
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
to much money. i went on to the app and it says 35 dollars and i think it is to much money for an app!!!!!! it sould be at the most 20$
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
needs lots of work. very hard to use app. many options are hidden or unavailable so you are stuck and wind up doing the work through a browser instead
business on the run. quickbooks online with the ios app make operating a travel based business on the run simple. log invoices as you go. input estimates along the way. print and mail or email all at once at the end of the day. not to mention the helpful reports and expense management. i couldn't run my business without it.
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
. no option to cancel subscription! don't subscribe!
quickbooks = easy bookkeepping. love the mobile app, very easy to use. access accounts from anywhere, raise invoices, pay invoices. simplified bookkeeping!!
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
no recurring transactions. why the hell would you make an app if it can't do any thing but read. i want to edit recurring transactions; edit and send invoices; and see every report. this is absolutely stupid, just sign in from a browser.
phenomenal. quickbooks app on my phone combined with the online system is the best thing to happen to my new small business. i no longer feel like an accountant full time & business owner part time!
would be better if i could manage payroll on the app. i would love to be able to do up my company’s payroll on the fly if i’m out on a job site or on a business trip. please fix this
terrible app...... terrible app it does not work. since last update👿
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
stable. no longer crashes. the first update into ios 10.0.2 was really bad. wouldn't load. this update fixes that issue and i'm back working. was a setback for a week as i do a lot of invoice updates through the app, but i made due.
very good for any kind of business!. quickbooks is great app for managing the everyday finances. it's very fast to send invoices, with this app all income and expenses are simple and quick.
. i like the software however it is still a bit confusing. i will need to spend more time training
could be much better.. this app needs lots of work. is not possible to assign an expense as billable. is also not possible to add markup from this app. lame.
excellent. does what it says on the tin.. excellent app. works brilliantly on the ipad, sometimes find it a little sluggish on the iphone but i put that down to the poor wifi we sometimes have and bad signal from phone operator. anyways it's so easy to use and i can produce an invoice there and then and email to the client instantly. don't know why i took so long to move from desktop to quickbooks online.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
do not waste your time on this free version. this is a very limited app. do not try it! app is limited and they just try to up sell the full version. support friendly but can not support a mobile version on an ipad . this product only good for desk top computer. would not recommend to anyone. beware. check out other reviews i simply ignored the negative reviews now i am writing one.
. does everything i need and more, really streamlined my admin.....
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
"complete shit. developers can't seem to get it right.. going from version to version will cause problems logging in. might as well not offer as a mobile app, ""on the go"" my ass. i was told ""we're working on"" (for the past 6 times i inquired) then the last time ""too bad, use the web site for now""."
. so simple to use i love tht i can send invoices on the go and accept payments with my phone!!
. easy to use. the only reason i did give it five stars was because you can't add custom fields to the customer data.
poor need lots of work. this app is terrible on the ios and android. i’m using it on both and it has tooo many bugs...
. great app wish there was more flexibility with customizing the sales reciepts
would be better if i could manage payroll on the app. i would love to be able to do up my company’s payroll on the fly if i’m out on a job site or on a business trip. please fix this
. this app is extremely slow, to the point of being unusable. the bank feed is ridiculously slow, anf accepting transactions lags terribly.
quickbooks app. great, convenience of creating, editing and sending invoices and adding customers, payments or expenses
clue live design. i'm a small business owner and pretty new on here too. since i have had quickbook payments i never receive any problem on the product via laptop, phone or ipad. i see the updates been give problem for others but it just work excellent for me.
. i use this app while i had my quickbooks trial, and it seemed to be working fine. the minute i subscribed, the app stopped working properly. i emailed support, no one seems to be answering my questions, and when i phone the customer service, they don't know how to help with the app. i'm stuck and ready to cancel the whole thing.
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
no too bad. this app for the self employed version is pretty good. using the ipad is less so, mainly because it will not rotate into landscape view and the appearance of the interface is slightly blurry  not sharp like other apple apps. the features though, on the whole are pretty good.
cancelled subscription. cancelled subscription without any explanation
. superb app superb app
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
invoice menu. filling in spaces for explaining what the invoices for not easy to apply.. design poorly.
. best way to keep books. great way to run reports and see profits and losses
. po , translation invoice, how to add discount?
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
. great for you business. i love how i can quickly add an expense by taking a photo of the receipt as well as logging payments on the go. its awesome that you have your data right there at the touch of a button.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
. chaparrita49 love this app
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
on point. this app is on point and efficient at helping take care of financial details, needed to avoid tax issues.
awesome. that's what i said in 2012. the app keeps getting better, now it's very soon to be 2017, and still the same review.. good app.
poor functionality. constant crashes inability to complete selected tasks poor functionality this app try’s hard but doesn’t quiet make it with its functions. it didn’t at all shot me but that’s what the 3 day free trial is for. i wasn’t going to rate this app but after they charged me $10.50 for a 1 month subscription after i cancelled and deleted the app; i will rate it
great app. excellent service and addition to the qb online software
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month.
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
quickbooks online google app is a must have. quickbooks online google app is probably the most convenient financial tool in a small business owners world. god send. www.c2kbookkeepingsolutions.com
. great app. could do with some improvements which i'm sure will happen. my biggest problem is you can't update your banking transactions through the app, you have to use the website. if you click refresh, nothing ever happens. it's annoying to have to go to the website.
my expectations of quick books.. i would expect the quick books would gave been able to give me a complete overview of my accounts and businesses. e.g. i can't find anywhere in the program where i can print my company's balance sheet or my company's profit and loss accounts, to name a few. why is this so?
software de gestão. excelente e rápido! me ajuda muito! parabéns! pequenas coisas precisam de ajuste mas que não atrapalham em nada. podem usar!
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
so easy. this app makes it so easy to print invoices for my clients on the go! also cuts down on time that i have to sit at my desk at home and allows more time with family. great app.
great but how do i renew?. it says i need to renew or pay? i hit ok and try to go to the spot i need to but don't see anything. smthis happened while trying to make someone a receipt in person.
. terrible app, customer service is a joke with no follow up. switching to a different accounting software.
. good . highly recomended,. the only thing is i need to register the time of the day the transaction was made. that's give me more control of my routes.
chrashing in estimates. the app is great, only hiccup is that it restarts as soon as i go into opening a new estimate
where is the cost of the app?. where is the cost of the app. you gave me all kind of information but not the price of the app!!???
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus!
great app! but quickly falling behind the ios version. our business purchased nexus 7 4g as it is much more cost effective and portable than an ipad mini. i recently looked at the ios capabilities in accessing my quickbooks data, i was very surprised to see so many more options. signature capture. scan a credit card from within the app etc etc. all of these feature are not on the android version but on ios. :(
pretty basic and useless. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
love it. it is a great app
. this app does so much for our new business!):
ios 11 not ready? lot of bugs and crashes. every time i’m make a new invoice it crashes and take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
best in the market. it's so amazing how easy qb built this system even for someone with no experience in business management. it's worth give it a try once you do you will love it. i guarantee it!
. very useful. if can get it for eternity at one time payment and not to be paying monthly that would be nice.
developors don’t use the program. it’s obvious that most ratereview apps start at 5 stars and work down instead of working at 3 which most people would consider average. given that i would say it’s a 3 at best since those that write the program don’t actually use it and like most developers use the customer as the guinea pigs.
love it. business owner love this app
. it is a great app but there are some days like today when i cannot open the app on my phone and keep saying i should restart it. i really needed to send some invoices today but i couldn't.
new update issues. the previous update solved these issues, but this current update causes error messages with sales rep login whenever creating invoices, and also causes printing communication errors constantly.
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
ios 13 crashing. app crashing after password screen , ios 13 is not compatible with this app at present , considering the amount my company pays for quickbooks i’m disappointed to say the least .
. excellent accounting software. does everything i need to manage my business accounts.
very helpful.... there are some glitches with a couple of the features but for the most part, it’s exactly what i need. a great help for record keeping and invoicing my customers efficiently. there should be an option to select and send multiple invoices at once. i have multiple invoices per customer each week.
needs a lot of work. very disappointing they removed card payment facility, only reason i went with quickbooks over xero. also don't try and do anything within app or your accounts will get into a right mess (things like match a payment or transfer) you will end up with duplicate transactions that can only be deleted by logging into web client. upsetting the company that all those years ago changed the industry (and took on sage) have failed so badly.
best app ever. i cant think of a better way to manage your bussinnes while you are on the go
. i am downloading this app but downloading is very slow. happening only with this app.
. if you even subscribe to their free trial, they will call you dozens of times in a day. its too much. every time a new number, so i can't get rid off. heavy spamming. जीना हराम कर रखा है यार तुम लोगों ने
great app for any small business. this is a well polished app with regular updates and new features being added everyday. *credit card transactions are incredibly simple with the intuit gopayment integration. great job on the app guys keep up the good work!
same as other free app. wave does the same and it's free... once it's finish my period i am out.
"cheap. it's one of those slickly apps that pops up in your search result which is filtered to show only free apps. after you waste your time downloading and signing up, it tells you to start your free ""trial""."
. i use it to attach photos to my transactions.
great that it exists, now it needs to be great. it's so awesome to be able to manage my business from my phone. but. that's not the same as the app itself being so awesome. it's frustrating to use at times and could benefit from some thorough ux work.
"pure garbage. i've had several issues with accessing features and each time their ""solution"" was to create a new account and start over because they couldn't fix it. and now they are raising the monthly price, yet again. i'm done with qb online. seriously, save your money and use the desktop version with your own remote access."
easy to use. i've used different programs and by far, quickbooks has been the easiest to use
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
great app! great company!. in a sea of many companies like intuit, i am honored to work with them. the ease of use and professionalism are a great plus. all the stars fully deserved!
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
best way to handle your business needs. great app
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
. not sure why i pay $16 a month for this app when it only works 60% of the time. please get the bugs worked out or i will have find another company to run my business with. cant access my account on tablet, cant save invoice or estimate on s8. please fix.
thanks for coming up with this app.. perfect!
owner. love the program i am having problems inputing my desktop customers and previous business information. called the help desk and still waiting forba fix
it's not working. it's not working in india for aondrid os .. useless app
very intuitive. incredible app. i find it easier to use than the desk top version.
latest update is garbage. app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
. service sucks.
suberb. really great app
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
pathetic. when will intuit wake up and get a real program for the ipad? very limited unless all you want is invoicing....disappointed....was hopeful at one point but have had it with intuit
absolute magic. this app is brilliant it has made my account keeping so much easter and better, i'm not loosing bits of paper everywhere and find it much simpler to keep on top of everything (i think me using this has made my accountant much happier too as it has reduced his work load)
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
unable to login. trying to login on iphone from my user & password but unfortunately unable to do. the same user & password is working proper on my pc. kindly resolve the said issue at the earliest. thanks.
. great app and very user friendly! love that i can create documents right from my phone!
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
time tracking missing from app. i bill services by the hour and pay extra for the version of quickbooks that supports time tracking. was very disappointed to see this feature completely missing from the app. it’s such an obvious thing to have on the go. now i need to have a totally separate system to track time...
. am happy that it allows me to.make estimates from my mobile phone
. app is nice but it stops automatically some times
no backup. i no longer needed the software so cancelled. but, once they stop collecting your money, they destroy your financial records. this then makes it impossible to do your taxes! unless you have a backup or regularly download the records, it will screw you over. i contacted them and they basically said, you lose! canadian law requires them to maintain your records for seven years!
. great app
office assistant. i am still a huge fan of the desktop version! the one great thing about the qbo is the online feature! it still needs improvements. if you have multi companies you have to pay individual packages for each company and log out to be able to log on the other. there is no switch between companies feature on the phone app like on the desktop and the full qbo site.
login error. upgraded to an s7 and cannot login. i need the mobile app for my business!
love this app!. i have my own business and quick books makes my life a lot easier.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
needs help. if you have multiple locations this app is useless cause you cannot assign a class to the expense.
. efficient, easy to use
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
retired. this new online version is the best so far. user friendly, everything you want to know is right in front of you when you sign in. easy to navigate
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
. ceashes all the time, does weord stuff with data, doesnt save lots of bugs on android
. great app very helpful when your business is on the go
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
excellent app. great app
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
. garbage, won't let you delete your account. it took hours to finally be able to delete email and account, save yourself the hassle and dont download it.
so far so good. i’ve only been using a short time, but i like the speed and usability, more than on the desktop app.
. i have been experiencing some trouble when doing the banking reconciliation function. every other app works fine, and even quickbooks is okay until i use the banking feature. updated everything and rebooted phone, still very slow. using an lg v10
ok... like seriously. i’ve used this app for 2019 mileage and expense tracking. but every week i have to reconnect my bank account. like every single week! why?? i don’t have time to do that. fix this! or i’ll be forced to find a better working service!
owner. this application and online service is the best i have ever used. it keeps me up to date with all book keeping. the reports it provide makes doing taxes a synch. the only thing i haven't mastered is tracking all jobs separately. if i can get this program to give me a report identifying what the profit was on each job that would help tremendously. i am fairly a new user about 2 years off and on. other than that, i give this app
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. edit: the developers comment below doesn't work as of 130619
. just starting out with quickbooks. i noticed that it lets me know whether an account holder has seen my invoice. nice! i'd like a little more guidance on using it to track my money, though. i feel a little in over my head.
. after some training it is clear that quickbooks is an invaluable tool for business. after using other cloud invoicing software who have either not covered my needs or have closed down i would hope that qb will be around for the long haul . downgraded by 1 star because the recipt capture isnt quite as good as another app i had .
. fake reviews on their website. impossible to leave a review. they held $10,000 in ach payments for 18 days without cause. after setup, their ach payments system went down, no notice email went out. our customers couldn't pay, when asked when it would be available, they couldn't give an answer. unreliable and poor customer service. not what i expected from a large financial company.
oakes firewood llc. great app! love it! easy and fast to use. good job!
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
3 year user.. lots of glitches. signs me out within seconds of logging in and there’s many steps just to put items into an invoice or receipt.
. best accounting software for small business......
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
makes accounting a breeze. this app is great. link it to your account and it quickly learns how to categorize your expenses. then all you have to do is confirm or adjust as needed. 👍👍
employee. love quickbooks but really want to incorporate it into my service vehicles please make a employee version
. installed on android yesterday. cannot see anything on dashboard. called customer service and they don't know anything about the issue and can't help. she said she can see it on her iphone. account can be seen on desktop version but the mobile app is useless.
couldn't live without it. love this app. makes my life as an accountant easy! now that we have shifted our business to a more mobile one!
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
. don't fill up your information for free trial it's easy to set up for free trial. they doesn't have options in app for unsubscribe your free trial. you have to reach them every day for unsubscribe your free trial. if you not satisfied from app then start call them before 5days, they will not answer your call till your free trial not get expired. be careful before you sign up.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
. won't let me add bank accounts. app is useless.
. great app, would like more control from mobile devices
i like it but am confused. the app works very well, but i am confused how to change a quote from pending to approved. when i click on edit the option does not come up
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
. good and simple
only problem. i have a few problems the app is very slow when editing email address in the send invoice i don’t see a few things that i’d like  discounts for example no way to customize message to different customers most of this is pretty minor biggest issue is reconciliation of books at end of year
. how long has this app been out and it still doesn't work? i can update my bank feeds just fine on the website and pc version but the android app always errors out. clearing cache or reinstalling won't help. i get the same error on my phone and tablet. on my other tablet it just crashes to home screen completely. why am i paying for this again??
. use this app all the time, bc of that it a time saver!
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
यह ऑफलाइन में काम नहीं करेगा क्या? सॉफ्टवेर ऐसा बनाओ जो ऑफ़ लाइन में भी काम करे. not working in off line yeh off line me kam nahin kar raha hain
. awesome app
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
highly functional for an app. unlike other folks i find that i can get the majority of what i need to accomplish for daytoday business done on this app. very user friendly.
great that it exists, now it needs to be great. it's so awesome to be able to manage my business from my phone. but. that's not the same as the app itself being so awesome. it's frustrating to use at times and could benefit from some thorough ux work.
"worse accounting program. you have to go through multiple screens for a simple tasks. there is functionality in the app that's not available in the desktop which is unusual for an accounting program. automation and ""how to"" help menus are nearly nonexistent."
great update to already great app. the latest update is great! being able to reconcile through app is awesome. best accounting app out!!!
improvements need to be in desktop version too. happy to have amount remaining automatically calculated in expense entries when splitting items between multiple categories! the online desktop version used to have this feature as well but went way with a recent upgrade, add it back please
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes.
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
negative stars  if possible. i find it amazing intuit promotes such an obvious clunker. why don't they just buy square and tie that in  or at least imitate it. intuit is lost when it comes to transactional businesses. at any rate  as almost all users point out here  this app is useless and should be an embarrassment to intuits development team.
kmec. looks great so far, only a few hours in but promising.
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
100% broken. they must have changed something with the login process. i only get a message saying it's for online users (which i am) and not mac and windows users. cannot even login anymore.
changed my life..!. qbo has made the bookkeeping side of my business a dream. it has given me so much time back. if i forget the rest my business to run as smoothly, i would be a happy man…
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
great app. easy and very intuitive.
small business owner. it's fantastic and professional for service contracting for management, but the fact that the crew in the field still use paper carbons to submit & clients want paper makes this a major problem. if the client doesn't give an email, or the field crew doesn't get the right info, i end up spending extra hours trying to figure it out...
. app is crashing on login. i cannot access my business now.
great app. very convenient
app crashing ios13. app is crashing in io13
update is buggy. the latest update won't save invoices correctly and doesn't pull up all my clients names. i hope it's fixed soon i use it daily. also won't allow touch id or pin sign in!
. very nice shop, darin is very helpful
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
. good mobile app app has a problem switching from screen to menu. tends to freeze up and close itself
easy to use, innovative and mobile friendly. we have been using qb at australiance.com for almost a year and i would not go back to my previous accounting software. the interface with paypal works well and save heaps of time for our online sales. it s easy to create expenses (e.g. business lunches etc), quotes or invoices on the go with the app + always know your bank account position as it interfaces directly with it.
great for my employers. i'm an office manager at two companies, and i've been able to save my employers, field technicians, and office staff time, money, and paper with qbo. thanks intuit!
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
smallbusiness rocket!. great app. this is making my small business very productive. especially since the account is device agnostic. i can use it on my device or login online and be just as efficient.
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
slow books. i am constantly waiting in front of my customers for qb to load
quickbooks. it’s taking a bit of getting used to but the more i use it the move i’m falling in love with it. it is so much easier than myob
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
very incomplete. great that i can do invoicing on the fly and have real time access to everything. the back end is not good. files did not transfer over. leaving online version and coming back to pc version has been a complete nightmare. again, files don't fully tranfer. great idea. crappy follow through.
great app. it seems to work great! other then it not auto saving when i close the app, that is the only complaint i would have. everything else is awesome!
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
will not stop asking for a review. trying to get work done and having to swap back and forth between invoices to get the numbers. made difficult since every time i switch back and forth it asks for me to review the app. well, there you go, 1 star, now let me work.
. great app, easy to use!
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
would rate 0 star if i can. only works in trial version. bought it 3 days ago and hasn't work since. i emailed customer support from both itunes and quickbooks with no help. keeps asking me to subscribe (when i already have). i couldn't use it. it's useless.
all you need to run a business.. awesome app. all your accounting needs are build into the app. very easy to use.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
sorely disappointed. intuit made good products maybe even great products at one time. now their cloud offerings a just released with out any concern for features and bugs. disappointed. somebody has gotten to big to care about their customers.
easy to use. great on the go
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
. sucks. cant login. all intuit apps are broken. support takes weeks to respond. i going to cancel my monthly service and go with a different accounting software. longtime customer but no longer.
i like it. does everything i need mobile. clients, invoices and information...all that i need on the go.
great app. need security code.. the app has lot of confidential data. please add security code to open the app, similar to quicken.
. stop asking for feedback every 5mins when i try to get stuff done. what the hell is wrong with you people designing this feedback bullshit system?
. crazy how you can remove headaches with this app.
great app. previously used another software but they didn't have an android app so i switched to qb. so happy that intuit is up on new technologies
poor payroll and after service tech support.. been waiting months to try and sort it out. hours on the phone. not worth the energy anymore. looking at zero as a worthwhile option. regret being tricked into the cheap price. pay peanuts you get monkeys.
very good. i am new to running a business and haven't used any other apps or programs so i can't compare them but i'm very happy with this one so far
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
not syncing correctly. the sync with their merchant services is not consistent. sometimes invoices are automatically matched and other times they art not. this leads to not easily identifying open or past due invoices with customers which can be challenging.
. great app! it makes doing my small business easier!
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
can't open.. i loved this app. i could work up estimates on the spot. add my receipts. it was really functional. i just got a note 5 and it won't even open the app. if not fixed soon. i will cancel my membership.
favorite app. my favorite app. i use it on a daily biases to send invoices right after i complete a job. makes my life so much less stressful.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
pos for the online version. very unhappy because after 5 years they still don’t have a pos system for the online version.
. this app is very useful for preparing and sending quotes and invoices on the go. so if i'm out of the office for the day, i can get work done.
. this app really needs the ability to add delayed charge. how else is a user supposed to log billable time spent in the field?
. opened a trial account and went to add an account and it just hung on me. not a good start. also the reviews from other customers are horrendous. this looks like a company that has forgotten to look after it's customers. shame i used quickbooks before and it was great.
great for mobile services. i'm a computer technician and i use this to send a invoice or estimate for clients. quickbooks has a brand name which is good when you email your clients a invoice, it looks very professional. the best thing about this app is the cloud base syncing of your invoice, clients, income and expenses. it's worth the money if you want good quality invoices for your clients.
. please add support for whattsup business app
at $12.99 month not free (false advertising). imagine my surprise, i trusted qbooks desktop to run my company, not sure i can trust some goof advertising free app and not letting you see anything unless you sign the free trial then $12.99month
i like it.. this app is very user friendly. and makes it easy have an overview of how things are going, place orders. run quick reports etc.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
more of a headache than a help. registered online, used same login info for the app, and the app says it's a free trial. online service not communicating well with app and i was hoping to use the app most of the time. sigh.
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multiuser access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
please: give us delayed charge already!. a new update, and still no delayed charge feature. how many times do we have to ask? for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
. this app makes running a small business a breeze!
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
makes life simple. makes keeping the books alot simpler. cits down on time spent in the office
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
not even close to online or desktop versions. at the cost of not wanting to hire a secretary my consultant had me switch to online version from desktop, it sucks! used to update q.b. desktop every 3 yrs (when forced to) for $150 and now pay around $400 a year for less function. the direct qb online site is better from my mobile device than the actual app. the options between app and website dont function the same. terrible!
***** updated latest.. very useful.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
garbage update. please test all your updates before releasing them to paying clients!!! invoicing issues, client search issues, expense issues, wth!!!
. very good online accounting software .please update with reports for android version.
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
. i dislike it ,zoho books much better than this. bcoz i am not able to add my company logo, not even able to edit my invoice number, not even to able edit my invoice columns. i wasted my money.
super cool. i have it with me know on the go and the reporting is also cool. had some challenges as the i initially bought the app through apple but once the i was migrated, problem was solved. i can't stop talking about this app to friends and colleagues. is there a bonus for referring people?
better improvement. app running better
. i've already logged in, but, somehow, i've been logged out. then try to log in once again and it doesn't work. the loading indicator just spins the whole time.
. very convenient app. makes business much easier.
good start, but i need to enter time tickets on this app.. hopefully they add that feature soon.
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
great app!. i love the mobility of the app. it helps me stay on top of my bookkeeping work while i'm on the go. makes managing multiple businesses that much easier!
easy here, hard there. you can tell this is more for business that need to create invoices more than purchase orders. desktop as well. i’ll give 4 stars when they add a po feature to the app.
kinda cumbersome. this app isn't very intuitive and there are a lot of free apps that do the same thing.
the quickest cost effective solution!. pros streamlined nicely, easy to use, awesome price point! consnowhere to delegate and calculate non paid or invoices in collections and its a looong 2 days to pay day if attached to paypal.
". we really like quickbooks online. it works nice but, the android phone and apple ipad apps still need some work. while functional in some things, overall app needs improved. we still use it, only when absolutely necessary, not a go to thing. my rating will change to 10 stars when  ""if"" they update these apps. but qb in general, love it!"
. have had an issue with sending invoices through my app for the last 3 days. even after several calls and emails no one can tell me when this will be rectified. poor support and unorganized for such a large company.
great for billing while traveling. this app is very hearty. i was worried how it would work from the ipad but it was so easy. let's me bill while i'm on the road so that i can keep my cash flow in order. great job, inuit!
quickbooks online. 80% of business can be done from smartphone including invoicing and expenses.
. awful. go through the web browser instead. the app doesn't connect frequently, saying the program is offline, but i can connect through the browser with no problems.
decent. works for me..
. this app does so much for our new business!):
love the app, but price is too high. i love the app, but when will the price increases stop. as soon as i have time to research other programs i will cancel my subscription. $40 per month is too much to just invoice customers and reconcile my bank statement.
easy breezy!. small business owner. everything i need for everywhere i go. i am on the go a lot and i need to be able to keep up with my business regardless. makes my life simpler. thank you!
good but it needs a work!. quickbooks online is just brilliant, but on the android app you can't switch between companies only by signing out (unlike windowsmac app it's just a matter of a pull down)
. very unreliable. get frequent errors trying to edit expenses. ui is clunky and errors all over the place. i don't trust the numbers on the expenses either. actually, the expenses are completely wrong. literally doubled versus the website. what a joke.
. it is very nice application, i like it, but we wish in future to be supported by arabic language so we can fit new rules issuing invoices in both english an arabic
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
i rely on online sync with my external banks. i'm disappointed the subscription i pay for is not mobile. i imagine it would take a lot of programming to include sync on mobile tablets but if it's already hosted on the server, why no access? i'm not a architect but i imagine outsourcing the sync hardware off the tablet you could get your current transactions on mobile . maybe i'm crazy
. easy use for on the road estimates and invoices.
update to the update.. they fixed the update. i updated my rating.
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
very user friendly. great app for on the go people
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue. it has now been a week and this is still an issue.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. frustrating. slow. pretty much only to be used for creating invoices and receiving payments. maybe reports. wanted something that functioned just like the online version but for my mobile. wanted to catch up on work at opportune moments without having to get the laptop out. would not recommend. client hates it.
touch id rules. much easier to login now.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
. after new update the app is crashing
seabreeze sealants. awesome app, makes running our business quick & easy in all aspects, we are able to stay in control of cash flow and invoices. highly recommend 👌🤙
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
not bad. app is good. qb online is lacking.
. that this app has great potental.
review. everything is great but the inability to create packing slips from the app. kind of a key part of doing business...
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
so simple. i love this programme. i allows my wife and accountant to see and work on everything at the same time as me out on the road. it has saved me so much time i can't quantify.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
poor functionality. constant crashes inability to complete selected tasks poor functionality this app try’s hard but doesn’t quiet make it with its functions. it didn’t at all shot me but that’s what the 3 day free trial is for. i wasn’t going to rate this app but after they charged me $10.50 for a 1 month subscription after i cancelled and deleted the app; i will rate it
love it. easy to use and reliable. customer love the fact that they can sign the estimate and invoice.
. needs something fix sales tax to enable for existing customers!
. app never up to date with website or it does not show you everything you can see online. sometimes you can't even see anyone's invoices or estimates. always an issue.
. seems to work well, very useful way of sorting receipts
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
iphone 7. ios 12.2. the app was okay with its limits. but now it won’t even open my company profile.
. everything you could ever need to manage a business. financials at a glance and indepth, invoicing made easy, automated payroll, and so much more. 2 employees couldn't replace this app.
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
terrible. this app has so many problems. it will freeze up and the only way to fix it is to delete he app and download it again. i wii ok old not recommend.
appréciation. vraiment bien pensée, facile d'utilisation et efficace ! thoughtful application, easy to use and useful !
. whats the cost after free trial
. many bugs, and any receipt photos are too low resolution to be readable.
. it works very well for me i've been able to track my work alot easier
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. very disappointed this is a spotty business resource. sync issues. i entered a customer contact once and it appeared as a new payment in my activity tab. update: i have cancelled for other reasons. looking elsewhere. wish it wouldve worked.
good. great product however cannot get online payment via paypal to work. also would be convenient if could add accounts via the app and not need to log onto computer.
. would be nice if the app would recognize the info on the receipt when you take a pic of it
. this app sucks. it has stopped working and often displays incorrect information. it's super annoying. only the desktop works.
well thought out. very user friendly!!. very satisfied.!!👍👍
. no unit field in invoice or estimation. makes it impractical in real life transactions.
returning to qb. uk staff still rude and unhelpful.
. best mobile account app solved our problems
milage. like what it offers but for me to pay for it i need a way to track milage. this is the one huge advantage the desktop version has that the app doesn't seem to offer.
. malfunctions on every level. did not attach a single receipt picture to the transaction. brought in the bank accounts and scrambled them. even on the desktop deposits are expenses and you cannot edit them
amazing. i haven't seen smart accounting software like this 👍🏼
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
not compatible with my lg g4 phone. i bought new lg g4 and installed the app on it, once i try to sign in the app crashes , i sent email to customer service and it has been three months since then, they keep saying we are trying to solve the issue, worst customer service ever.
. great app! makes running my business so much easier
bitch ur fucked. all over culiacan and the net
. quickbooks does not work. it's a terrible program with a zero customer support. the problems i have are very basic and i'm certain others experience the same problems yet they are never resolved. i can't attach screenshots and i don't have the patience to enter all the problems experienced but i hate quickbooks and it's a shame that have such a grip on the industry because i would dump them with a smile immediately if i could
qbol. great app!
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
user friendly. it's user friendly and i can access everything i need wherever i have internet access.
. the software is easy to get started with. however, matters such as how to generate p45, p60, issuing dividends, needs improvement.
. apps bad after last update... you can't easily see invoice and or estimate amount anymore, you have to click each invoice & estimate to see numbers... i will be changing program's soon if not fixed.... we need to be able to easily scroll up and down the hundreds of open invoices and see where things are, not open each invoice to get information... way to timeconsuming... can't screenshot what's going on because the update before prohibits this now.... please devs fix
. the app is not as userfriendly as quickbooks online but it's still a great program.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
jays. subscription
great. good app. does what i need it to do.
le hacen falta mas herramientas. le hacen falta mas herramientas.
be careful. i resynced my bank feeds and two years of transactions got deleted. i spent an hour on the phone and was told they couldn't fix it...
. just wish you could attach receipts before accepting a bank transaction.
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
great app. quickbooks online is great with the addition of this app to keep track of your business finances
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
. you're using it under a free trail and once it's up you nolonger have access to the app
amazing app. so great to use! still missing few features but gets the job done
statements!. please add the ability to send a statement(s) from the mobile app. thank you!
not good. app and site are actually kind of bad. slow to load. not enough options. will try xero soon
a & e blue dreams inc.. excellent app. i like it....
lots of shortcomings. qo is great and this app is ok. too bad so many features are missing
crashes on open. useful app until this update. it crashes on open, both on ipad and iphone. cannot do business this way...
awesome. this app is so good i'm so glad i have it i would be lost with out it
. great service especially for a company on the go or starting up. would be better if it was optimized for the galaxy tab s4 . since it constantly crashes on it...
zero stars new version is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
great app!. this is a great app! only reason for 4 instead of 5 is that there is restrictions to the app but not online. i do all my business from my phone so it would be great if the app was more adapted so i could do everything from my phone.
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
. inuit customer service is a joke
. very user friendly
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
great!. new to the app, but so far it is great! especially when coming from doing everything manually with spreadsheets and boxes of receipts. much better than the qb for mac 2015 i tried.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
app has connectivity issues. anytime i log into the app it causes me to have to relink my bank accounts every time. if i stay out of the app everything works appropriately. i can log onto different devices through the browsers without issue but the second i log onto the app on a tablet or phone, it will disconnect my bank accounts.
best business app yet!. i love using qb for my small business it has been one of the most important things in my business. ease of operation, receiving payments and financial reports are just few of its great qualities. thanks qb!
i use it with all my clients!. having a business solutions & consulting biz for years there have been times i've lost notes or even lost billable time. having the ease of this program not only resolves that, but it also runs easily in multiple platforms including my preferred operating system utilizing a linux distribution.
. no expenses apple app has expenses. android does not. somebody please explain me logic of it. android ppl only care to make money? we spend nothing! yey
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
quickbooks online is a nightmare!. big mistake. if you are considering quickbooks online talk to some bookkeepers first or you may find yourself doing the books because so many of them refuse to work with the online version. once you upload your data to the online version there is no way of downloading the data to go back to regular quickbooks! as for the app, well it's as frustrating as as the online program.
. we have been using for a couple years now and are very satisfied with the flexibility and reliability of the program. the integration with tsheets is real time saver. highly recommend
. please add the option to take a picture to the receive and add it automatically to the transaction
invoice missing. i sent an invoice from my computer but is not recorded in mobile app. prob wont be buying
excellent. quickbooks online works great for me and makes my work much easier especially with the phone app
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
. this software has been critical in keeping track of invoices.
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
. garbage. doesn't even have a spot to track vehicle expenses. in the self employed version you can. but you can't track hst. would be nice to have one option for everything.
. great app. very helpful for my small business.
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
. worst billing app i ever had.. they give false promises before subscribtion. once the customer transfered money. no body will respond for our problems
. love this app. i'm not that great with technology, but this is so easy to use!
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
copy & paste. we are unable to paste anything in quickbooks app if we copy anything from another app
. great app, does everything i need while out and about. makes evening paperwork easier.
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
doesn’t let you do self assessment tax. this app only does my business tax return, and whilst it doesn’t explicitly promise more, because it doesn’t let me do my self assessment (buy to let) it means i still need another app to do this. and an account on top. being such a major tax app, the fact it can’t deal with all my tax matters is a major fail.
great app. works really well easy to use good customer care
nice but crashes. i like the app other than the fact that after a few minutes of work it crashes. it reliably crashes. helpfully they fix it soon, it's frustrating to have to log back in every time.
. wish i never started using quickbooks. i can't connect to my bank anymore . got the new app logged in and they want another subscription off me. waste of time and money. no actual support apart from the automatic ok ne which is as much use as a chocolate fireguard.
great app!. wonderful app.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. quickbooks notified me of this update at 1am. not nice.
sweet baby jesus this is exactly what i need. it has never been so easy to stay so financially organized. as someone who os chronically disorganized this app is a blessing. definitely worth the price when you need to record your expenses and write receipts, invoices and all sorts of other business related things to be professional.
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
switching between account requires logout and login. so annoying, especially since there is no support for touch id. why can't you let us switch from within the app?
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
hard to use. i recommend the version you load on your own computer. this is unwieldy
excellent for the it service provider. as an it service provider, this app allows me to log my hours and mileage in the field. i can even email customer invoices immediately after services are performed. this is, of course, paired with quickbooks online plus, which allows you to log hours per customer. highly recommended!!
. i'm getting an error code when i try to click on mileage trips and assign them business or personal. works on desktop but not in phone. other than that it's easy to assign categories for transactions and separate business from personal.
basic app. app functions are extremely limited, and i can't use qb web on any browser on ios devices (ipadipad pro 12.9iphone 7plus) as all browsers including safari, chrome and dolphin run in zoomed mode when want to enter invoice, payments, receipts and bills or even check reports and make unusable.
great invoicing on the go. this is great for a business thats on the go. only negative you cannot make changes to the invoice once done.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
. some months ago, the functionality to add attachments to expenses stopped working, never got fixed. today the function to create expenses has vanished. is anyone actually testing this before it gets released?
. great app, handy, easy to use and covers most of the important tasks on the go
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
touch id not working when app is shut down.. touch id needs to work all the time. not just when app is running in the back ground. come on quickbooks fix this bug.
. easy to use app!
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
. doesn't sync like it should, does not allow you to specify deposits. frustrating. the guy with support even told me to not use it.
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
. nice app for modern business
program not working. i pay itunes for subscription. i pay directly to them and my program is not accessible to me because it says is expired. i make a case with them 1 mouth ago. create another case 2 days ago. and still i am not able to use the program. payed buy me 2 times (direct to them and itunes). do not use this program you will regret like me.
. i would like to use on my laptop and can not, it won't let me use it here, only on my phone or tablet where i originally signed up for use. i can't do all that work from my phone and i don't want to. if i can't use on my laptop, i will have to cancel my subscription
. good app
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
absolutely inconsistent. probably the worst app i had on my phone. i have deleted it. it gives incorrect, inconsistent notifications. it’s completely useless to access certain parts of qbo. how incredibly unfortunate that intuit can’t build an app that can compare with the advances made in qbo.
great and simple. this is such a user friendly way of doing you booking, keeping your inventory and managing your customers
. je ne sais pas je connais pas encor
not connecting. used to work. now after login it's not connecting.
it's good but could use something. i really liked the ipad app since i could see more. since many androids have larger screens something similar would be nice.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
best app for start up company. hands down this app is the best for any size company, once its all set and customized to your company you & your employees will operate more efficiently. take your time to learn it don't be afraid to call customer service they are very friendly and helpful.
. great service especially for a company on the go or starting up. would be better if it was optimized for the galaxy tab s4 . since it constantly crashes on it...
cannot drill down for info. why bother making an app if you can't drill down for information? i am able to have full functionality with our hosted data base, so why can't intuit make this happen? i love intuit's products, so this is most disappointing.
superb app. works everytime for me, allows me to update invoices, expenses and record payments.
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
. will not honor my subscription. extremely unhelpful support, giving me the run around. 1 week into paying, still no use of the app, and they will not help!
. i like qbo and its features
. partial capability cant load expenses in the droid version but can on the apple version. expense management is important. a small thing that has a big impact. wouldnt take much to do and make it five stars.
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
convenience. work, document, review with my custom needs, deliver receipts to my customers in one transaction and get back to work with my mind clear to work for a reasonably affordable rate.
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
. makes life easier
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program. the app on a mobile device doesn't even open. it says sync problem. it's been days since i logged into the app. always problems with this company. the app is terrible.....
good app. great app easy to use
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
horrible. it’s true the only reason i will install qb on my phone is to record expense on the fly,and it doesn’t do it
love this app!!. i love how easy to use this app is but my only problem is that i can't sync it with my company's ocbc account and my shopify's store's inventory.
i can’t do payroll from the app. it works great and is much improved from the original versions but i do not have a desktoplaptop pc........ only ipads and android phones and the apps limits my access way to much i currently use the chrome browser but it’s horrible only part of the screen is visible on the ipad some save buttons can not be accessed thanks for your help
nothing adds up. when you run a business you want your numbers correct. i don't have time to troubleshoot why your software can't add a simple paypal balance and leaves transactions out. your fired!
ceo. this is a really good app it has help our business in so many ways. it help boost our profit margin we have been able to close deals, and make invoices right on the spot. i recommend this for a lot of different business with quickbooks online.
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
mobile app. not happy. i am on the phone with support everyday. won't print on app or on chrome. they don't know what to do. this mobile is worthless to me. i don't have time for this!
so necessary. if your an small business owner quickbooks is an essential tool that makes it all pain free. you can even invite your accountant into your books and let them get the info they need easily. great software!
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
. poor customer service. had to change bank account to keep them from billing me
great app... works amazingly well.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
. 1720 update  i had used the mobile app for android for quite a long time with no issue and then approximately one month ago after an update the dashboard no longer has any information and is blank. i can still see activity but there's no way to get to customers or any of the other functions. i've emailed previously with no response. previous review: works well for viewing quickbooks info and taking payments
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
great accounting software. i previously used myob, thank goodness i changed to this  it is light years ahead and is saving me huge amounts of time.
disappointed. downloaded this app so i could buy the payroll feature for my new company but it crashes immediately upon opening.
. i just use the app for invoices while still out on the road. works a treat.
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
"qué pasa?. la aplicación simplemente dejo de funcionar. óptimo el icono, ""abre"" y se cierra de inmediato. desinstalarlo e instalé, y el problema continúa. solucionen, es una herramienta de trabajo!"
best app for start up company. hands down this app is the best for any size company, once its all set and customized to your company you & your employees will operate more efficiently. take your time to learn it don't be afraid to call customer service they are very friendly and helpful.
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
still many bugs. still too many problems to be solved
great app. great app, need work on making all aspects of it to work on a tablet.
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
great addition to the business. this app couples great with my at home business. love it!
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
app does not support multicurrency. it’s 2018. apps have been around for quite a while now. if your qbo account has multiple currencies enabled, you can’t use this app for banking. seriously, wtf?
great little app. i do emergency call outs and can log in and keep up with my book keeping on the fly.
employee. love quickbooks but really want to incorporate it into my service vehicles please make a employee version
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
excellent. great mobile app from intuit, quickbooks online is great and although a bit different from the desktop version it has greatly improved the way i work with my clients
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
all but useless. response time simply toooooo slow. customer would have to wait 5 mins for data.
. love this app for my business!
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
. this app is the biggest piece of shut app i've ever used invoice asap is 10 times better yes it will connect with quick books but quick books on this app particularly online sucks dick i would rather have a disc version on my computer then online version whom ever came up with this version should have their hands chopped off
excellent. i like the flexibility of quickbooks. i use it on my iphone, ipad and desktop. always synced no problems with it. couldn't manage without it.
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
. love this app
time expense and mileage. great product. inconsistent functionality across desktop, iphone and ipad. for us professional service peeps can we have time expense and mileage please!
rubbish. i need to see my bills.
. very good app
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
. cannot open the app. it shuts down with an error.
. works pretty well. would be nice if you could customize invoices.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
ouickbooks. setting up this quickbooks app is a joke , the system does not work and customer support has an attitude that is not willing to help!
. works great and keeps me in the loop if my customers even open there invoice
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
great service. login problems.. live this service. just got a new phone (note 4). cannot login. i get emailpassword error. i've reset my password several times and can login online just fine.
. always been a great app! wish we had better designable invoices but oh well. thank you!!
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
amazing. great app. changed my life and vastly helped with my business. very smart and useful program. highly recommend!
latest version is a disaster. face recognition does not work at all. you have to sign in every time you open the app and often get kicked out especially when switching between companies. colossal waste of time.
customer service and functions. you can be completely locked out upon renewal of your subscription. it has locked me out of entering for the last six days. tech support has been pretty useless at fixing it. with all the other flaws the online program has, avoid with every thing you have. you get no back up, high incompatibility, and many accountants hate it. your emailed invoice has a habit of hitting the spam bin,it isn't even compatible with other intuit products. avoid avoid avoid
. good app!
still needs delayed charges. if you can add delayed charges to the available transactions, it will be perfect.
an accountancy company that cant keep track of its accounts.. when it was time to subscribe intuit had a problem recognising the i tunes payment and could do nothing to resolve the problem , the told me the only solution was to pay them direct and start a new account thus losing all of my data in the process with no guarantee it won’t happen again , mr m ship was particularly useful in helping me to leave this poor service
never disappointed. best accounting software available!
. contractor version of the app
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be.
. was using quick books online on laptop and it was fantastic, now since have to be on the move, am using on my android phone to generate invoices and it amazing experience, just dont need laptop anymore. great stuff. recommend to all smes
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
no inventory tracking, no reminder. very disappointed with this no inventory tracking, no reminder for the app no not also for me its pointless quickbooks you better fix it i am cancelling my subscription
great. absolutely love it! i love the fact that i can access my reports from anywhere, mac, ipad or iphone.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
simple, just plain works.... easy to set up, use and send invoices, receive payments and figure out the taxes.
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
. doesn't open, tried reinstalling and clearing cache. used to work.
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
total crap. this app doesn't work. it shows numbers which doesn't make sense, you can't rely on it. i just go to safari web and login to my quick books account. please change it if you can.
very good app. good
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
this app is useless on android.. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless.
. very user friendly app to use
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
total scam. i do not have the ability to open this app but somehow you have been able to continue to bill my credit card monthly. i cancelled a credit card because you have no contact info. sites to cancel service by. somehow you have gotten ahold of my new cc info!!! cancel this service now!!!!
. great no problems
access to qb contacts please. love this app, means i can work while out with the kids. would be better if my phone was allowed access to my quickbooks contacts as my husband adds the contacts and they call before i have chance to add them to my phone.
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
. cool great app
app crashing ios13. app is crashing in io13
useless for sure. qbo is useless. can’t login with google account. forces me to create a newseparate password. can’t really access qbo via a browser on ipad. overall terrible experience. i’m sure it’s equally apple and qbo fault.
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
. doesn't give the full qbo experience, if it is it's not the same ui
. quickbooks. easy to use. upload pics of receipts when purchased. good reconciliation. matches with bank account. authorised.
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
tonya pitchford. app and product are useless for my particular business. very hard to deal with, fees are high
. very good app
need other option. need an option for employees that travel to do trip expense that import as a bundle. i use pro premier 2015
". does not sync to account. on the home screen it shows i have invoices that are overdue from customers, but when you click on it, it says ""congratulations, no overdue invoices."" useless app"
great app. this app helps tremendously! great work and thank you for making book keeping so simple.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
frustrated. very difficult to make adjustments and when receiving a payment i have not found a way to receive cash as will as a card on the same invoice. frustrated
great product. please please don't stop the mobile app
. excellent app need to improve speed only.
review me nags frosts mediocre program. for all the noise, qbo is poorly written at best and limiting at worst. but it's all you get to choose from so they're evidently hesitant to improve it. wishing for an alternative.
nocturnalvicky394@gmail. awesome app, thanks
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
this app is worthless. literally none of the things i routinely do with quickbooks is possible with this app.
. easy and simple.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. not able to switch between companies using app followed instructions from developer which did not exist in app. faq site link doesn't exist.
. works great if you need a serious business financial app that works as well in the field as it does at the office.
review. everything is great but the inability to create packing slips from the app. kind of a key part of doing business...
dissapointed. this is the frontline of my business as i am a mobil service technician. app no longer will save or complete an invoice. this is crippling my business! fixxxxxx please immediately!
game changer. totally transformed my business. really great software, so informative and nice community to support you. no brainer. can't believe i'm raving about accountancy software!
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
need to improve!. the sole trader app is great for what i do including logging travel however i am registered for gst and therefore cannot use it. i have to go to the online version and just discovered you have to buy the plus version to link to recommended logbook app. qb you need to provide gst to the sole trader app or at the very least provide the same logbook function for the other qb packages.
great app!!!. keeps me up to date when i'm out of the office and very user friendly.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
disappointed. downloaded this app so i could buy the payroll feature for my new company but it crashes immediately upon opening.
. very easy to use and keeps everything organized and at my finger tips for billing, payments, expenses and payroll. a must for any business owner!
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
confusing. very difficult to use.
love this app. fantastic and easy use. makes business transactions easy
. nice program! make it so i can bank on droid and it couldn't get any better.
good software. this software is very awesome. i work for the company but also use it for my own personal budgeting and it is extremely helpful but there are still a lot of bugs that need to be worked out with this app so that all the information updates correctly.
convenient. works great. i love that i can keep track and update transactions wherever i am.
. edit from original post... qb quickly resolved the issues and this app is great again!  this used to be a great app, i have used it for 4 years but unfortunately it is no longer working... i can no longer login, i keep getting an error saying it can't sync. i hope this gets fixed soon, i run 90% of my business from my phone and having a working phone app is part of the fee we pay for qb online.
terrible app...... terrible app it does not work. since last update👿
quick books app. have been using quick books app for my business for a few months now, and i am very impressed with the package, as it's great value for money. i enjoy being able to use the app on my phone as it offer all the services that i need to be able to quickly raise and send invoices and pull up important info.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
just ok. the mobile version is fine. it the desktop version is full of bugs and slow. wastes a lot of my valuable billing time.
quick book rocks. best accounting package ever made. it links to your bank . cards directly. no need of much accounting knowledge. provide login to your accountant. operate from anywhere.
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
. worked ok for a couple if weeks but home screen no longer visible on galaxy s10
easy to use. great app! gives me most things i need to know on the go. however, i wish it would show me revenueexpense charts.
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
. the first couple of months it was working great. the last two months it complete stopped working, i'm paying for it when it doesn't even work. the bank transactions are way off and it not showing my recent bank transactions.
app. best app
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
terrible support  avoid. terrible, terrible support. continual promises of call backs from customer support agents on live chat never happen because the bugs you find are too hard. open tickets for bugs never get resolved. you ask for a supervisor or manager and you have to email the person you’re complaining about?! get told that because of system bugs you have to manually delete the key back in multiple entries. you’ll be left at year end with books that don’t balance like me. avoid!
liking it more and more. was able to set it up to do sale receipts on all devices. keep finding more and more to do with the app. would like to see reports on mobile devices.
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month.
. great app. very functional.
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
very disappointed. moving to a different invoicing product.
very easy and great!. i'm not a accountant but i found this app and the software great
crashing. updated to ios 13 and now the app keeps crashing after face id, please get this sorted as i can’t run my business
clumsy, error prone, price has doubled.. not a completely trash service, but it hasn’t gotten any better despite company promises. price has doubled since i initially joined. ipad app bugged, today i tried to enter an invoice payment, no joy. tried to leave service last year and the year before. exporting info was a nightmare, and impossible on mac, effectively leaving me held hostage. cancelling service at end of year as i’d rather try a different online accounting or simply go with a desktop version.
. nice...love this app a million times. please download.. very useful and helpful
needs some work. this app is good but needs more work. error message kept popping up while working in it. some tasks are missing like entering bills. can't find sign out button or switch to a different company.
. so watered down it's basically useless. better off waiting until you get to a computer if you're actually trying to accomplish anything.
. very nice program
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
for what do you need my number?. are you seriously? i have to make up an account with number? for what do you need this information? why u can’t make an app without stupid registration?
. very happy with the product and services, everything in one place
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
very helpful. i own a small company and this app makes it very easy to keep track of my customer information.
no employee section. this app contains nothing to help your employees, only the business manager. quick books could’ve at least added support for timesheets and such since they no longer allow you to save your timesheet in mobile browsers.
terrible app...... terrible app it does not work. since last update👿
qb online. app
owner. i bought my basic subscription through the apple store and now i want to upgrade to essentials has anyone done or knows how to do this
worthless!. until this app can sync with the desktop version of quickbooks, it is worthless to my business. i'm sorry i downloaded it. but i have already deleted it.
great for a busy contractor!. i can send invoices or check on my bids from the job site. very convenient!
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
crashes on launch. latest os installed, the app crashes when i try to open it. hope a fix comes soon!
ease of use app. loving to use app on phone writing invoices.
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
crashes on open. useful app until this update. it crashes on open, both on ipad and iphone. cannot do business this way...
great app. can see my transactions in real time.
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
. not nearly as useful as the desktop version very weak app. still needs tons of improvement
office manager. makes my job so much easier to do, invoicing on the go!!
no too bad. this app for the self employed version is pretty good. using the ipad is less so, mainly because it will not rotate into landscape view and the appearance of the interface is slightly blurry  not sharp like other apple apps. the features though, on the whole are pretty good.
. ripped off!!! they offer a 30 day free trial and a discounted $4.99 per month,which i paid, then after 1 month gets cancelled.
best accounting software. best investment made so far on quickbooks and the app just excels... this is really awesome :) big ups intuit
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
reduced feature set. previous version:the feature set of the web based app is not matched. (previous mentioned currency and time records). update: removed a lot of preexisting functionality and did not add any missing functions. much worse than before. cannot find a list of invoices due to a supplier. clicking on a particular supplier brings up only the address particulars.
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
missing functionality  registers updated. the app itself is pretty clean and easy to use. however it is missing some important functionality, namely registers. there is no access to your bank or credit card registers, or to check their respective balances... for a financial application, this is a major missing piece. here's hoping this will be added soon. update: this has been fixed. now waiting for making deposits...
impressive for mobile. i posted a bad review because of some bugs. i received an immediate response about upcoming updates and a week later it was fixed. i love that level of support. nice app too.
great app. i use apple products and it works great for us. get paid quick with credit cards or bank transfers.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
not free. free trial that gathers all personal info then you can try it doesn't link to real program !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
qb online is awesome. i was using qb the software was yrs. i changed over to online do to ease of everything. it's great everything syncs up after easy setup. love it
learning curve and then it's awesome.. takes some getting used to but i've now got it and it's actually very useful and easy to use. integration between my pc and iphone make it easy on the go and sitting at home. estimates, invoices & expenses all in one app.
stop downloading.. i have redone load company data every time i log on the app which can take hours, and essentially makes the apps convenience useless.
so useful.... i don't really use it like it's designed. i have 50 company trucks & 5 semi trucks to keep track of at our repair shop. this allows me to document everything. each vehicle as a customer with year & type always easy to find. each invoice acts as a repair, allows me to document every detail and track costs. luv this app! well worth the subscription fee.
love it!. why have i wasted time on quickbooks when i could have been using the online version! so much easier to use.
. worst billing app i ever had.. they give false promises before subscribtion. once the customer transfered money. no body will respond for our problems
best app. this made my life simpler!!!
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
. i use to love quickbooks but now it's not working anymore. please fix immediately because my whole business is run on this app... are you gonna fix this?
excellent app. ease the booking... awesome
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
. good only good for invoicing. no way of viewing financial reports via this app.
. very graet app
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
mobile app. you cannot check your inventory or edit invoices from the mobile app.
convenient app!. good app, just wish it would migrate previous category info for existing payees. it would be 5 stars then.
i looking. hai friends my name is navas abdulla i'm looking some software live sales report ..in store sales promotions company ..any one can to suggest any live sales, report software for sales promoters www.qmpromotions.com it's my website qmpromotions@gmail.com
not a good app. too many bugs.
recommend for one stop booking & accounting. i tried many softwares for accounting , the only reason i choose this platform because of its graphics & designs , the dashboard itself give you a ray of positivity , they design the dashboard and entire platform graphics in future aspect. apart from it there customer service is also and helpful. cheers !! ashutosh
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
. no option to cancel subscription! don't subscribe!
great application. very handy for revenue and business expenses.
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
. i attempted to open an account and a symbol is required to create a password. my 3 bank accounts don't even require a symbol. i just reset all of my accounts with a new password. i'm not changing this password to please quickbooks.
. excellent way to utilize your phone to help keep track of your expenses!
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
does not connect to my bank. it connected to my bank (bank united) the first day and has not worked correctly since. i waited on hold for 25min and no help. was told i would receive an email with the solution...no email. not very happy with this product for my first week of using.
. great app. so easy to add quick receipts and prepare invoices instantly. great for the bookkeeper too and helps keep their fees down also.
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
problems. what my bookkeeper is finding is payments being applied to the wrong invoices. it’s really messed things up. from the checks being deposited from my bank. also, for some reason my quickbooks is duplicating invoices. i will have to erase the app and download again.
prestige. this app is awesome! i work on my books as well as my clients. i'm surprise that i can do all from my phone! mrs. jordan
. pos app!
date range. how do i change the date range on the dashboard?
. my experience with qb has been great. its fast easy to operate .
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
. this app sucks. it has stopped working and often displays incorrect information. it's super annoying. only the desktop works.
the best way to manage business. i love it and i can control how i ran the business easy and fast way to keep track of my expenses and income
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
assholes team. if your app doesn't work in india, why did you collect basic data ? this app is just a trap to collect your mobile number, mail id and other basic details.
great app. it is what it is. it an app. it won't have all the features of a computer and you should not expect it to. does exactly what i need it to in the field.
small business owner. it's fantastic and professional for service contracting for management, but the fact that the crew in the field still use paper carbons to submit & clients want paper makes this a major problem. if the client doesn't give an email, or the field crew doesn't get the right info, i end up spending extra hours trying to figure it out...
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
. i truly love quickbooks although... they could improve on the mobile app as i find that it lags sometimes and takes awhile to open when you click on the app.
. the app is great when it works! it took 3 times of deleting and reinstalling to get it to work again. but its working perfctly again.
. this is not the full quick book experince togo, maybe if you only sell 5 products and dont need to go through and verify invoices. for me this is usless, full features or no go.
. good program overall, just wish i could run both my companies on it like i did on the quickbooks pro software without having to pay for an all new license.
. i'm getting an error code when i try to click on mileage trips and assign them business or personal. works on desktop but not in phone. other than that it's easy to assign categories for transactions and separate business from personal.
limited. for alot of the functionality of qbo you need to use the web app anyway so i would not bother with this app.
easy to use. great app! gives me most things i need to know on the go. however, i wish it would show me revenueexpense charts.
keeps crashing. i can't do anything with the app. every time i try to open it, it closes out about 5 seconds later. worked great until the last update.
can't view customized reports. nice app. not very useful for tracking your business through reports that you have setup using quick books online. what's the point of having your company books in your hand if you can't track the information you need?
access. this app is great. it is so nice to be out in the field looking at a project and make an estimate right then and there while things are fresh in your mind. not to mention for the quick service call we are able to make our invoice right there and present it when we are complete with the work. aloha po'okela lawn service kailua, hawaii
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
. naughty. doesn't tell you untill you've down loaded and set up it's only a free trial. now looking through it i can't find anywhere to delete to make sure i'm not charged.
very happy. i changed from myob to intuit and my only complant is i wish i did it years ago.
. great app except one thing... why is intuit nickel and dimming us for tools and apps. i can understand pay extra for using the payroll feature in the actual program but paying for an app is stupid. if they made this app free i would be will to bet sales for software and online versions would increase more than enough to pay for the app development and running costs. other than that, great app.
my review. when i put in my login details it says 'error' and that's just about it. it won't let me on
. great so far. how do i upgrade my subscription to essentials?
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
great app. quickbooks online works really well, fits my needs as an independent consultant. the mobile app is great for keeping me current on the fly.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
great app when it works.... after update to ios 13 as well as the latest version of the qbo app, i cannot access supplier information. on top of that, i am unable to save expenses that i am trying to enter too. there goes the productivity. qbo team really need to be better at this!
email is my only complaint i don't like my emails coming from into it i want to choose my own email so my customers can respond please fix this. respond it's when i'm sending invoices or estimates
. needs something fix sales tax to enable for existing customers!
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
really great :). really great software package. requires some dedicated learning for someone with no accounting  bookkeeping background  but functionality and power of the software are fantastic. very happy with quickbooks. thanks :)
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
crashes. keeps crashing. can't use app at all.
. very easy to use mobile app means i can invoice quickly!
same as other free app. wave does the same and it's free... once it's finish my period i am out.
needs some work. this app is good but needs more work. error message kept popping up while working in it. some tasks are missing like entering bills. can't find sign out button or switch to a different company.
great software all round. quickbooks is easy to use and manage. software and app work easily together. makes small businesses life simpler. love being able to use app to do expenses and invoicing on the go.
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue
happy customer. i love this app.can do my invoices everywhere on my mobile or tablet.
yep. great app...appart from the lack of multi currency function...and would be great if we could easily switch company as on the web
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
great software for small business.. only complaint is that i'm always greeted by a pop up, asking me to rate the app, which i grow weary of, so here i am.
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
. incredibly buggy, takes forever to open and crashes on every action. cannot move from xero to quickbooks while the apps remains this bad.
quickbooks. great app for on the go
no pdf attachment. 3 stars as the app only able to upload photo of the invoice, not other format. you need to understand that pdf is much small in size and more practical for mobile upload. as for photo, it is at least 3m nowadays and it took almost 1 min or 2 to finish the upload.please look into it in next upgrade
. it's doesn't work in india
very nice app. very easy to use and make my all estimates and invoices very smooth and keep the updates very soon
i use it with all my clients!. having a business solutions & consulting biz for years there have been times i've lost notes or even lost billable time. having the ease of this program not only resolves that, but it also runs easily in multiple platforms including my preferred operating system utilizing a linux distribution.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
keeps getting better. i've had this app since its first release. i can finally rely on the phone  ipad app without needing to boot up my computer  including accurate profit and loss accounts and easy invoicing. the new bank reconciliation for the app works perfectly and is a very welcome addition for my business. i look forward to international currencies being supported in a future release.
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
poor. this app makes very poor use of the screen real estate of phablet style phones and even worse on ipads. they also removed the comma from the keyboard, so adding additional email addresses to a customer is impossible. generally a poor design, this app is years behind where i should be.
so easy to use!. i really like the flexibility of this app. i found it easy to set up and get started with only a small learning curve. i have the ability to use this app on the go with whichever device i have available; using my phone, tablet or laptop it really makes it the perfect software to run my very busy business and life. the fact that it's online and i can access it anytime anywhere is awesome!
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
needs work. this won't stay up to date with online or desktop app and i regularly get error messages. this is frustrating and useless.
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app and also purchase invoice with itemised discounts option should provided in app
. found a better app for my needs
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
. great app. it has been essential to the daily operation of my business. thanks quickbooks
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
. great for on the go, syncs with pc version, keeps my business going as long as there's wifi or cel service, since i work in places with spotty coverage. being able to email invoices and changes on the spot is very helpful.
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
. i haven't been able to update a draft invoice via mobile in over 2 years and it's been a known issue? instead of adding new reports all the time, work on the basics please.
good app. nice to have this access on the go. works fine for reviewing status and basic functions.
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
. update sucks
. as an accountant it is a handy app to have installed on your phone.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
. i haven't been able to update a draft invoice via mobile in over 2 years and it's been a known issue? instead of adding new reports all the time, work on the basics please.
easy. great app that is so simple to navigate, and dead easy for business novices. well designed.
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
useless app. mileage tracking is grossly inaccurate, way too many inadequacies and limitations on the invoicing and accounting features. this app is a joke. i tried it for several months and have lost money as a result of it's shortcomings. the positive reviews here must be fake. do your research and search the web for accurate reviews. i recommend everlance as a better option.
great tool for self employed small business owners. easy to use and easy to navigate
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
can not do custom invoice numbers. the app can not do custom invoice numbers. i have had the app for two months and paying the monthly fees and have not been able to send out my first proper invoice. i have asked support and they come back with instructions to go to certain settings that do not exist on the app.
accounting made simple!. love it,love it.love it!!!!!
. would be nice to be able to record deposits through the app. the whole reason i have this app is so i don't have to go onto a pc. also, an option for digital payment, ie paypal venmo etc.
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
all my financials in my pocket.. i use it everyday to keep up with invoices and payments. and i plan to use it internationally when we move overseas to keep my finger on the pulse of our transactions.
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
overdue but great! gorgeous!. this app is way, way overdue, but at least they got it right the first time around. no it doesn't do everything the website does, but nailed, adding buttons (functionality) is the easy part. it's definitely one of the best looking apps on my ipad.
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
crashes on launch. latest os installed, the app crashes when i try to open it. hope a fix comes soon!
great. love this app. some glitches but overall great.
a solid program. i like the idea of this application being online because many of my accounts can be updated asap.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
love it. huge time saver to photo and input expenses. i can't imagine my life without it.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
useless. this app is useless because if you have an online account with mac or pc you cannot use this app on your ipad! save your time, don't download it.
. this is a good app for my electrical business
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
. this mobile app now wont update banking. which is no good for a mobile business without running laptops.
great app. simplifies my paperwork, haven't noticed any bugs yet.
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
"dissapointed. i was hoping for more. if the app has issues logging into a bank account, ect. it gives you an error code that you have to log onto there website to walk you through what it ""might"" be, then you have to go back and forth, try different things to fix it....ahhhh. you get my point😒"
. excellent app. crazy versatile. love that they supply a basic reader free of charge. lots of ways to accept payment. input expenses so you can write them off for taxes. nice. stoked to use it.
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
. use this app in desperate situations. features are limited. i cannot record deposits via this app.
best addition for any business on the go!. the free trial was amazing. my favorite part is having the ability to send invoices. while setting up my merchant services, customer support was kind and easy to work with. now it's easier to bill my clients from my phone. i track everything. get the quickbooks app. you won't regret it!
latest version is a disaster. face recognition does not work at all. you have to sign in every time you open the app and often get kicked out especially when switching between companies. colossal waste of time.
touch id is pointless. needs work!. the new update was supposed to fix the touch id issue. you can log in via touch id. however if you kill the app or restart your phone, you need to log back in using your password. what is the point? i want to log in via touch id everytime. that's what it's there for.
easy to use. great app. very happy with it
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
not able to enter bills. i cannot on this app nor the mobile site enter bills or purchase orders!! its very bad because now payments cannot be entered from my asus padlaptop please update this asap!!!!!
. great app
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
great support but app is flawed. i have several companies setup on one login. this was done by qb themselves but it keeps crashing, stalling or telling me there is a fault. also don't choose 'other' as business type as list of income and expenditure categories is massively reduced and you will have to add the ones you want manually. customer service is excellent but i shouldn't need to know this!
couldn't be more useful. i should have been using this a long time ago. now i can keep up on the go. replaced my word search game when it comes to killing time, and the best part is i'm productive.
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
. with the new update my other user can't track miles when i rely on him to do it, completely useless update that changed the user settings.
love it!. quite user friendly. i love it. if i had formal training i think i'd be a pro with it!
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
"good but not perfect.. a feature is missing that you get on the website for example, search i can't search invoices in the app through ""memo"". why!!!!??? please fix or add a ""memo"" search option, please!!!"
contractor. love this app
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
qb app. not useful as it could be as you can't enter a bill! not being able to enter a bill makes it useless to work from an ipad or tablet device.
great bit of kit. value for money!! 👍😬. we use qb on the desktop, ipad and phone. highly recommend it !!
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
useless for mobile access. doesn't have any of the features you would expect from a mobile app. if you want to do anything other than create a invoice or view transactions you put in from your desktop, its a waste of time. no balances, no accounts, nothing useful at all.
electrician. this is app for business
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
please: give us delayed charge already!. a new update, and still no delayed charge feature. how many times do we have to ask? for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
effective. we love the fact that our company can work together from distant  separate computers. we really appreciate that quickbooks continues to upgrade and modify their program.the initial ( 4years ago drove our bookkeeper a little crazy) but each update makes sense and increases speed of system.
nice, but they increased price a lot!. i like the app but am concerned with how much they just increased price for my service.
pretty useless. very slow and painful to use, doesn’t let you bank any payments etc. probably only useful for those who wish to produce very basic invoices
. it's really nice to be able to do all of my businesses invoicing and filing on my phone. don't particularly like the ui on the mobile though.
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
can not save estimates. i'm able to imput items for estimates but error message pops up when i try to save.
great app for independent contractors. qb helps me stay on top of my invoices and keeps me organized.
no good color and texture of sreen. it hard to seen no c olor in photos
. can no longer open app, error returned from client
. awesome app makes invoicing and tracking payments easy
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
. this is the absolute worst application. my account has never reconciled. cancelled the subscription. it's worthless.
does what i need. doesn't do s lot, but does exactly what i need in the field.
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
. worst app ever. at best there is a 30 second lag when opening the app, at worst it freezes my phone up and i have to restart the whole phone. the app doesn't display most of my customer transactions. awful, ill be finding a new cloud based accounting service.
good app. easy to use
need other option. need an option for employees that travel to do trip expense that import as a bundle. i use pro premier 2015
. kind of a rip off, squares a lot better allows the same things and you don't have to pay a monthly cost. and you don't have to pay for customer support for square. could be for other people just not for me.
. great app, much easier to invoice customers.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
great app. i use this everyday for my landscape business. couldn't do it without it. thanks!
. i installed it on my cellphone but wasn't installed because of insufficient storage. so what i did was to delete some apps on my phone. when i tried to install it again to the phone it won't work because the said phone now cannot be access because it's now not highlighted in this quickbook apps
bad customer service. worked for a month then disconnected from my bank, so email sent, didn’t get a reply for 2 days!!!! emailed again another 3 days later i get a reply, problem with bank couldn’t be sorted so i downloaded xero, absolute pleasure to use.dont use quickbooks!!!!!!!!
. good app
. have not upgraded since 2006, this app is great. i am not tied to the office for alot of tasks that used to only be done in the evening.
. not updating fields.
superb app. i'm an electrician and run my entire business on this app it's makes my life so easy :)
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
lowered rating. gave it 4 stars last year. since then it is completely unreliable and almost useless.
. the perfect accounting software for people on the go.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
new app is great!. the new app is super user friendly and versatile. it’s easier to use quickbooks from my phone than it is from my pc now. vast improvement over the previous versions.
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
app doesn’t work on ios 11. don’t waist time
highly recommend for startups. qbo does everything that i need it to. it is a great dashboard to see where i am at, with the ability to add details to all of my transactions.
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
. app will not connect. says experiencing technical difficulties. this has been happening for a week.
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
hideous to use on smartphones. before accessing, must always get email code, and switching screens hides quickbooks application. then, can't access checking account balances. very typical of a quickbooks experience.
love this product. i've been using qb for years. every year it get better than the year before. i won't use any other accounting software.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
waste of time. crashes at least 50% of the time i try to enter an expense while on the go
. constantly updating features great app! they keep adding features that makes it easier to use.
. best feature, snap a pic of receipts, log em immediately, drop the actual receipt in a shoebox, & forget about it!!! you can see if anyone paid instantly on your phone, send an invoice change, i mean its the fastest accounting i've ever done in 20yrs!
error. error showing while signing in
great for in the field. love the app. it would be even better if you could use the reoccurring invoice list from the app.
efficient. does all the work, and reminds me to collect on overdue invoices. i love it! not very expensive either!
app as of lately. every time  every single time  i open app, it tells me it must log out because it’s running critical updates. it worked fine until a week ago. not sure if it’s related to apple software but it’s getting old.
. quickbooks makes doing business easy!! the app compliments the desk top program!!
enables my business.... ...to run smooth and accurately from monthtomonth, yeartoyear. managing multiple clients and accounts would be a nightmare without quickbooks.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
. great app but...... love this app. my only request is that they add the ability to do banking like recording deposits.
awesome. love this app... i'm about to do a lot of work from my phone.
. not for indian. can register as i am from india
the best business app ever!. i have been in business for nine years and have been using quickbooks desktop. i am now using the online and it is great so happy that i made the switch. works well with ipad and can do my work right on the site! thanks for the great work! ray's home improvement,llc
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
app ruined. this is getting old. the app seems to be unusable every time an update heads out way. my invoices are showing old data, are not updating to show payments and do not match what is correctly shown in the real online desktop service. please fix , and stop updating prior to testing
pretty useful!. i can add my expenses and match them later and now they even. updated the web internet so i can use it on my tablet and it's become super helpful! thanks quickbooks! i think what's they update it to where you can do all the thing you can on the tablet web interface that you can do on the computer it's going to be top notch
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
. doesnt work!!!!
great app. helps me stay on top of my billing.
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
makes handling my business easier.. enjoy the invoice and payment features and reports, plus the app. makes my life much easier.
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
great app. great app. gives me complete flexibility while operating my small business!
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
simplicity and ease. i am new to quickbooks online but absolutely love how simple the app is. it creates time and space in my personal life.
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
. major issues with app and desktop versions. back and forth calls to solve the issues. finally gave up and cancled. on the plus side, customer support on the phone was polite. however, the product itself isn't worth the trouble. this will be the third time i have called in asking about my refund, its been almost 2 months... still waiting.
. quickbooks online has been an invaluable management tool for my small business. i give professional estimates for services & am able to create invoices, receive payment, & track income, expenses, etc.
some what happy. quick book is useful however, it's use is not as user friendly as it could be. the extra time it takes for me to have to identify items and upload others takes up more than i care to.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
no major complaints thus far. pretty convenient to do on the phone. i guess it's worth the subscription fee.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
. quick books online asking me to update app through website .... will not open. says to email you the results or error and someone will get back to me.... not yet been 5 days
amazing app. everything in one
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
doesnt seem to work on lg g4. cant even log in to the app.raised it with quickbooks support over a month and we still cant seem to get it working
. easy to use and simple to edit
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
great for handyman businesses. qb is great for me! i run a handyman business and my office is at my clients place or in my truck. i can sent estimatesinvoices while i am on site. it so nice because i use my tablet or phone when i’m on the road and when i’m home i can use qb on my computer and everything is automatically updated
bitch ur fucked. all over culiacan and the net
". just signed up. you get a 24hr trial and then it asks you to spend $7.99mo with a 30% off discount (not sure if that is included, or what). so much for a ""free"" app."
loving it. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
doesn't have a bank option. they could do much better though it's good
. very slow app
great app. convenient, reliable. constantly being improved. keep up the good work!
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
business owner. it's much easier than desktop version
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
. happy to be able to bookkeeping on the go. use my time waiting dr offices etc classifying banking transactions and miles. loaves the new reciept capture. hoping the newest update lets me do bank deposits via the app. wish the reciept and banking input allowed for inventory line items like their desktop version i used before converting to online.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
trouble with ipad app. hello, i have the app in my iphone and it works great, but i have downloaded the app in the ipad and it tells me: looks like your account doesn’t include access to the quickbooks online mobile app... what i need to do to have access?. please advice! thanks
welshman. love it. simple for me to send estimates & invoices from the field.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
very unintuitive. is hard to tell which expenses are finalized which ones aren't. it's just not a very friendly interface.
mr. a very practical application with absolutely brilliant back up support and service !!!
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
. working great. the app makes it easy for me to write receipts and invoices quickly from the field and my clients like having an emailed copy of everything i do.
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
great app. works well
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
. scammers!!!! worst mistake you can make! this company is a bunch of scammers. i used this service for about a week and found that i can't stand it, so i canceled over a year ago. my credit card still gets charged 40 bucks every month. i've got my credit card company involved and everything. this company sucks!!!
love it!. took me a while to get confident using it as i was used to doing things manually but now i love it. and especially love the app. don't know how i managed before!
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
great app !!!. very easy to use and understand.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
. if i could give it a half star i would. i have a customer who paid me a week ago through my invoice and it still hasn't reached my account how can i run my business if my money wont be put into my account?
. great app to start your own bussines!
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
crap!. can't create an invoice in the app that has cis? really? why not? so i can't do my invoices on the go?! rubbish app rubbish system! use another programme!
access to every thing now. great app
enables my business.... ...to run smooth and accurately from monthtomonth, yeartoyear. managing multiple clients and accounts would be a nightmare without quickbooks.
. changed phone (same number) and have been unable to log into the app since 👎
amazing. this app is great men, u should try it...
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
. so slow to picture receipts and save as a note!!! just scanning 6 invoices took about 20 minutes. nightmare.
. great app. i wish it could link to the desk top version. i use it primarily for invoicing on the go but the bookkeeper uses the desk top version.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
loving this app. it's able to do everything i need it to do. after searching for so long and going through so many sub par apps it was such a relief to find this one!
app crashing ios13. app is crashing in io13
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
. i love this new app
. i have been experiencing some trouble when doing the banking reconciliation function. every other app works fine, and even quickbooks is okay until i use the banking feature. updated everything and rebooted phone, still very slow. using an lg v10
. the app offers no simple means to cancel your account should you wish to do so. their help desk also seems eager to push you off on to other, equally unhelpful venues. they also informed me that once i manage to cancel my account (if even possible) they will continue to hold on to my personal information, defeating the point of cancelling an account.
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up! one more star for a stronger search engine, can't find invoices by number or customers by address
. one day it did not load. otherwise. great mobile app.
clumsy, error prone, price has doubled.. not a completely trash service, but it hasn’t gotten any better despite company promises. price has doubled since i initially joined. ipad app bugged, today i tried to enter an invoice payment, no joy. tried to leave service last year and the year before. exporting info was a nightmare, and impossible on mac, effectively leaving me held hostage. cancelling service at end of year as i’d rather try a different online accounting or simply go with a desktop version.
. a great awesome business app lets you control your finances and send off invoices
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
getting frustrated. i hate that the computer version keeps crashing. the app is nice but doesn't have all the features of the web version (or if they are there i haven't found them yet!)
good but could be better. i mainly use browser based interface while this android app syncs well to give me a quick overview when i'm out and around. but i do miss the features like overview money bar and bank feed. hope these can be added in the near future. from a qboa australia user.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
monthly service. forced to use a monthly service that is way overpriced for my usage and needs
quick books app. this is a very handy app to have snap shot of business activities
app as of lately. every time  every single time  i open app, it tells me it must log out because it’s running critical updates. it worked fine until a week ago. not sure if it’s related to apple software but it’s getting old.
generally does not work. if they generally updated everything they might needful go back a step or two. won't even open on the ipad anymore. crashes immediately.
great app. easy to use when on the go.
👌🏼. not a bad app
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
. very good app!
"very convince. i wish i could you the ""classes"" functionality from my phone though... i just upgrade my online account today and was super excited about that functionality... but it appears not to be available on my phone... which means i can scan my receipts and enter my expenses. but still have to login to assign a class... which is repetition. .."
not accurate. even after the most recent update the app still dose not accurately reflect my qbo account. all information on vended and clients are not up to date. this had been an ongoing issue for more than a year now. i keep hoping with every update this will be correct, but nothing yet.
paid for itself in one hour. after a long, frustrating search for a robust but simpletouse accounting platform for my growing fitness business, i came across quickbooks and have been exuberant ever since. my invoices go out on time, expenses go in live, and it even tracks my inventory. paid for itself in the first hour. highly recommend.
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
can’t attach existing photo with ios13. with ios 13 you cannot upload an existing photo to a new expense. when you select a photo, the app freezes and there’s no button to accept the photo.
so far so good.. love the app. i think it's great any time i can give an estimate, invoice on the road. thanks.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
. this app is perfect for our small business.
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
crashes on ipad3. i have never had a problem with the quickbooks app until this update. it crashes and will not open on my ipad 3.
awesome..... this app is awesome...
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
"soooo slow. i have been using this app for about three years , and it was very functional and useful, but now, almost every time i open it, it says ""downloading data,"" and stays there... for 35 minutes doesnt matter whether my phone is on wifi or cell coverage. i hope they fix this bug."
amazing app, but few things need to be improved.. very good app, but needs few things like the web version. if thats added then its the best app for start up businesses.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
. superb app
awesome. love this app... i'm about to do a lot of work from my phone.
very poor support and feature. features are basic and they won’t let you unlock the others with poor support. don’t use
been perfect for my business. qb has helped keep me organized and professional while growing my agency. expect for minor tech glitches which are minor inconvenience it's been a perfect tool!
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
no longer works properly. since latest update i can no longer do anything in the banking section. i can’t accept or change any transactions.
business owner. this app has all the features i need to run a small but quickly growing business. easy to navigate.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
cancelar assinatura. fiz uma pergunta sobre cancelar assinatura e responderam algo na com nada. será que vocês podem responder como cancelo a assinatura, pois não utilizarei o app? aguardo um retorno obrigado
pedro valdes,ea. very good for accountant, and clients. less time for both.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
". does not sync to account. on the home screen it shows i have invoices that are overdue from customers, but when you click on it, it says ""congratulations, no overdue invoices."" useless app"
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
. quickbooks it's been awesome for my business. i can send estimates and get all my receipts taking care at one app. i highly recommend quickbooks to anyone who has a business.
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
this app is worthless. literally none of the things i routinely do with quickbooks is possible with this app.
. awesome app!
. app doesnt start until i hit link 4 ot 5 times
not good. app and site are actually kind of bad. slow to load. not enough options. will try xero soon
it just made my business easy. thanks qb and my brother mohit. a very good app for every startup and and firm.
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
. can no longer open app, error returned from client
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
ios 11 not ready? lot of bugs and crashes. every time i’m make a new invoice it crashes and take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
fantastic application. i love this app. it let's me manage my expenses and easily invoice on the go. great tool!
. great app except one thing... why is intuit nickel and dimming us for tools and apps. i can understand pay extra for using the payroll feature in the actual program but paying for an app is stupid. if they made this app free i would be will to bet sales for software and online versions would increase more than enough to pay for the app development and running costs. other than that, great app.
impossible to print packing slip from app?. i would give quickbooks a 5 if it wasn’t so dang hard to print a packing slip from my phone either through the app or quickbooks online. ugh.
friendly app. looking for the app to start your business look no further then this. i've started to use it and it's very easy to use.
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
sync. why is the app taking forever to sync and most of the time says unable to sync? every week i am having to delete the app and start over for all of the files to download. refreshing within the app does nothing. with all of this said, i love the desktop version.
. excellent app
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. 1.3.20 still hate it no ""billable button"". zero stars"
. great app for small business owners that are always on the go..
. my issue has been partially resolved. i would give them 4 stars if the process wasn't so difficult.
. stupid app crashs more often as than works
convenient. can enter sales receipts and expenses into quick books away from the office. that's a useful add on to their online program.
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
. was working awesome until last update. now won't log in. just has that loading thing come up forever
. very handy
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
great app love it !!!. makes my work so much easier
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
not happy with this. i've used quickbooks for years and have several corporations that i handle on the program. i'm also computer literate and have been a quickbooks tester in the past i'm not happy that it took me a whole day to download and set up payroll and still haven't figured out how to print reports for my customers or check for that matter
. it is easy enough to use, however guidance from an accountant opens up more doors.
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
don't bother. been using qb desktop for years. disapointed in the sasmobile version. mobile app is slow and frequently fails to load at all. not much functionality at all besides creating invoices. checking account balances or customer ar is not worth the bother on mobile app. this is an ok solution. i bet there are better options available than qb mobile app.
never disappointed. best accounting software available!
. please add support for whattsup business app
doesn’t let you do self assessment tax. this app only does my business tax return, and whilst it doesn’t explicitly promise more, because it doesn’t let me do my self assessment (buy to let) it means i still need another app to do this. and an account on top. being such a major tax app, the fact it can’t deal with all my tax matters is a major fail.
business owner. made my life easier
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
terrible wont setup after 3weeks. don’t even waste your time with this. they keep giving you barriers to setting up payroll and when you meet the criteria they inputting errors in your account. the end result is you paying for a service you’ll never receive
. great app. easy to use
would like to see. new user, so maybe i'm missing something, but there should be a way to create an expense report and bill it to a customer.
latest update is garbage. update: 1620 still a garbage app even after multiple emails back and forth with quickbooks development team and now it’s been weeks since i heard from them the app still don’t work even after new updates app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
nightmare to dream app. might help save a lot of angst between my wife and i when it comes to invoicing, collecting, and tracking. looks very promising, invoiced thousands with it last night with relative ease on two macs, two samsung smartphones, and an asus laptop. updated fine across all devices. am curious about mileage tracking and auto populating from my google calendar.
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
app does not open. after the latest update, the app does not open. it has been a real inconvenience.
. great app for small businesses easy to record all ur reciepts
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
assholes team. if your app doesn't work in india, why did you collect basic data ? this app is just a trap to collect your mobile number, mail id and other basic details.
. great app
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
good on the go. it’s easy to make invoices on the spot for customers and receive payments. i still prefer sitting at a computer but this app really helps while i’m on the go!
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
. beware anyone cis don't use this use xero being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. i'm stuck till end of tax year then i'm off
qb online is great!. i love this application. intuit really did a fantastic job with both the online web access and the apps to support the service. i fully recommend it to anyone who asks me what is the best accounting package on the internet.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
excellent mobile app. hopefully they will integrate a few more features soon to make it complete.
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
where the banking. i want to accept transactions while i sit in bed, this app is far from useful without that capability, come on intuit, make the app complete. as is, a total let down!
. this app makes attaching pictures of paper receipts easy.
quickbooks phone app. so easy i can’t believe it.
. app crashes after login. reinstalled and still the same error. android using pixel 3. super annoying
. this app has made my life much easier while handling my business accounts!
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
. monthly charge. i'm sure the app works great, but there's no mention of a fee until they have your information.
. makes life easier for thse of us with mathmatical challenges and poor memories.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol.
. great for running a small business in my experience
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
needs work. it's better than before but still doesn't download recent transactions with the ap. must log in on the computer to keep updated. why is that? needs attention.
great compliment to qb online. been using qb for over 10 years. recently switched to online and added this app. amazing ease of use and highly functional.
we need an update for iphone x. we need an update for iphone x. in addition, we need the function to add cc recipient when sending out quotes or invoices. other than those 2 things, it is good.
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
. great app i love it
. usefull and effective. it needs improvement in its mobile features. creating delivery challan and entering gst details while adding new customers isn't available currently. hope to see this feature soon in the app
broken app. latest update broke it. app will no longer launch and immediately crashes. now looking at alternatives.
. great business program
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
"immediate session time out. immediately logs me out due to ""session time out"", rendering the app completely useless. 😒"
time saver. saves time to be able to categorize expenses from my phone.
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
why must the change the fonts. good software but the recent ui change is terrible. the colors are downgraded and the fonts look horrible...makes the product look cheap
great ap. great easy to use app really close to getting rid of my laptop entirely
. please add support for whattsup business app
function doesn't follow form.. 5 stars for functionality, subtract 4 stars because it's been 5 months and quickbooks still isn't optimized for iphone 6 or iphone 6 plus. the wasted space and bloated images are annoying; and the lack of willingness to adopt to new display resolutions makes me not want to invest in intuit products and services.
just what i needed. i run a small contractor business doing remodel work. the mobile app has been a godsend. i can track all my estimates, invoices & expenses in one place. helps me track clients that are late payers too (which sometimes happens). i like it. 100% worth the subscription
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
". loving being able to access and invoice on the go! can be slow but so can online. entering invoices on phone i have to hide the keyboard to go to next field  be good to have ""next"" button."
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
clumsy, error prone, price has doubled.. not a completely trash service, but it hasn’t gotten any better despite company promises. price has doubled since i initially joined. ipad app bugged, today i tried to enter an invoice payment, no joy. tried to leave service last year and the year before. exporting info was a nightmare, and impossible on mac, effectively leaving me held hostage. cancelling service at end of year as i’d rather try a different online accounting or simply go with a desktop version.
. ease of use with lots of support
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
waste of time. i paid for the app to get the discount, spent an afternoon inputting information and suddenly it wouldn’t save anything. logged out, rebooted, problem still existed. uninstalled app. on reinstall, the system didn’t recognize my login and i couldn’t access any of the work i input. apple has my $$$ though!
. not sure if emailing invoices work. so far real cool.
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
stop downloading.. i have redone load company data every time i log on the app which can take hours, and essentially makes the apps convenience useless.
great!. enjoy the app very much
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
good app. i like simple, this is efficient for my small busines, updates are making the app better. i can recomend it is supper easy to use.
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
easy to use from mobile phone.. i can do everything electronically from mobile device.
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
opens the closes. after the last update of quick books i can not access it on my ipad. there for it is costing me money. i hit the app it opens the closes right back. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it is the same thing. i have 3 jobs i did today that i could not take payment on because of this. please fix asap
i run my biz from the app!. i use qb constantly to invoice clients and log incoming checks. it's great for following up on past dues & creating invoices on the go.
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
login error. upgraded to an s7 and cannot login. i need the mobile app for my business!
much better after last update. this app came a long way, for canadians its now usable and competitive to the other services, it took a while but its very nice now.
i use it with all my clients!. having a business solutions & consulting biz for years there have been times i've lost notes or even lost billable time. having the ease of this program not only resolves that, but it also runs easily in multiple platforms including my preferred operating system utilizing a linux distribution.
ipad in the name?. really. can't use with mac? get out of apple app store. waste of time 😒😑
dispatcher. i can actually keep up with calls now with this mobile app
awesome. that's what i said in 2012. the app keeps getting better, now it's very soon to be 2017, and still the same review.. good app.
. doesn't actually show invoices or customers. features are mostly broken or sporadic. using the website is a much better option.
brilliant app. makes running a business a lot easier.
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
not so good. it keeps hanging up with an error message not connected to the internet. not very useful for business.
. easy to use. great app
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
brilliant. brilliant app. so happy that i've migrated over to quick books.
. please add support for whattsup business app
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
. very nice.
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
disappointed. needs touch id for login, and bugs fixed for ios 8.
amazing!. so useful for keeping our businesses books current!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
. it's great being able to update invoices on site with customers right there to make sure they understand charges and such!
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
. wonderful excellent program. does wonderful for my small business
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
"mostly useful. i like having access to my business via my smartphone, however not all features are available (reports) and some calculations don't seem to work properly. after adding payment for clients, the invoices entered afterward are not automatically attached to said payment  even though the overall balance on the account is recalculated. the invoices sit and show as ""unpaid"" even though the account balance is at zero."
easy. useful
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
“critical updates”. face id does not work. every time i try it tells me there are critical updates and i need to log in again. there are no updates, and it tells me this every single time.
. this app is very useful for preparing and sending quotes and invoices on the go. so if i'm out of the office for the day, i can get work done.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. app is not opening. i have so much data in it please fix the issue
. awesome app
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wated almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
. good app
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
worst user experience. app is made of complex processes..i they are more focused on collecting data than providing service..uninstalled within 3 minutes
best accountant i’ve used.. seriously helped me narrow down how many hats my small business required me to wear. wish i done it sooner.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
. this app really is useless. i'm having to manually input all of my banking transactions because it never feeds in the real time info as it should. the layout is counter intuitive and frustrating to use. it's like they've made the app but never done any testing or had any feedback on how they can improve it and make it user friendly. my books are an incoherent mess at the moment, this app is supposed to make things easier but it's awful.
best app ever. just wanted to thank the development team for helping me to manage my business easier with this app.
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
excellent. intuit quick books is an extremely important account program which my business is built around, and the application is the cherry on top, enabling me to complete accounting on the go. absolutely excellent application.
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
can't view customized reports. nice app. not very useful for tracking your business through reports that you have setup using quick books online. what's the point of having your company books in your hand if you can't track the information you need?
. very useful if you travel
. easy to create an invoice, a little difficult to look a customer's information via the phone app.
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
great app. i haven't learnt all the features yet. but, it's worth every penny.
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
crashes!. just crashes every time on ios 13
awesome!. fantastic app. as a freelancer i am often away from my office. being able to create estimates and have my clients sign them on the spot has been great. and being able to send invoices from anywhere has absolutely changed my life! love it.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
. intuit sucks! scamming company ran by non english speaking reps. bought simple start 2007 for 125.00 with online access ,etc. in 2010 they ended all support for this software. that is shady. they promise you all these free services and then years later a foreigner informs you that all support has ended. to better serve there newer products. they suck.
new and improved. i waited a long time to change over to the online version per the advice of my accountant. it was worth the wait. it's a much better version and easier than the regular version of qb
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
flawed. i am going to reinstall the old app. the new app will not allow me to add a customer from my phone's contact list.
. easy to work with, fast, and email integrated for invoicing is smooth. wish i had more control over forms to make look like mine. but great app really.
. would love to be able to access payroll on the app
broken. for the last two weeks every time i log in it tells me i have no online company.
. wish i understood it better . great software . easy to use. wish i was computer and book keeping smarter.
quickbook. on trial will notify later
support?? wats that??. if you are a person that will ever be involved in actually doing business in the real world, don't waste your time on this. if you ever need an answer at the speed of business in the real world, don't waste your time. you're not worth the expense. actual rating is 5, but the scale won't let me show the truth.
five stars!. has helped out tremendously when it comes to my business. it makes it so much easier to use then the paper receipt books. it helps me stay organized and keeps me updated to the second. thanks quickbooks!
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
. utter garbage. i use the online version daily, but the app barely functions, is laid out differently, and doesn't have any of the major features that i use online on a regular basis.
works great. really like the functionality of the app. having it available no matter what device i want to use is a real time saver.
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
cannot sign in with new update. i can’t sign in. keeps telling me my information is wrong even after resetting the password.
. the best accounting app for beginners
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
"is anyone home?. i give this app one star because it doesn't let you select zero stars! all i've gotten for three days is an endless loop telling me that""to use this app you need quickbooks online"". no kidding? i'd love to find some of the application problems some of you are complaining about. at least you can turn yours on!"
. great for my needs to do estimates and invoices in the field.
just like the web version. the new updates are great. it's just like the web version minus tax lodgements which is possibly due to regional differences. the only gripe i have is the lack of keyboard integration which means you will need to use the touch screen but it's an ipad app so can't really complain there.
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
. i installed it on my cellphone but wasn't installed because of insufficient storage. so what i did was to delete some apps on my phone. when i tried to install it again to the phone it won't work because the said phone now cannot be access because it's now not highlighted in this quickbook apps
"too many missing features. can't add time entries, even simple ones, have to pay (a lot) for a third party app. not acceptable for a single user company that doesn't sell products, only time that needs to be tracked. can't view current ""sales"" status of unbilled items. can't email myself receipts and have them automatically entered as expenses bank transactions that i've excluded keep showing up. again and again. i'd like to configure away unused modulesfunctions from the menu"
hands down makes your business easier!. i've used qb for years. and and i've come and go thinking i'll find something easier. today's version of qb particularly with the mobile app hands down makes it so easy for me to track everything i do in my business. worth every penny you spend ... and oh ya ... it's a write off!
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
. baixei o app porém, a propaganda e 13,99 nos primeiros 12 meses, quando vou comprar o valor passa a ser de 48,99, gostaria de saber k por que? propaganda enganosa de valor realmente ou é erro no app?
effective. efficient. essential.. began using quickbooks at my brothers recommendation. it unified our estimating and invoicing process and surpassed expectations with all the numerous functions. it will quickly becoming your single source accounting software. to add on to this review qb has become vital to our growth and receivables are paid timely. we have recently switched from square to using qbo's merchant services and have had a seamless process. fincite group
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
business owner. this is a great product ! i don't know how i would keep my business organized without it. also customer services is awesome. this is a must have app!!!!
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
crash. latest update causes app to crash on loading.
. this app makes my life so much easier
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
literally crashes every time i try to enter a sale.. great for tracking expenses but useless for processing and tracking sales. very disappointed.
so helpful. i love this app seriously. it's organized my work flow life so much!
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
. info lost. i was using the service for my business last year and started in march. in november the app crashed. when it did all my saved receipts mileage and info was lost. i can't even login any longer. when i called they said there is no support for the app except online. so i cant even speak to a rep. so all my info gone and i'm still being charged for a year and a half now for a service that never existed.
nice app. works better than the online version
. great software. i think very soon, it will change the way people maintain books
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
. quick books online is perfect for a small business owner like myself. i can have a professional bookkeeping,payroll, and tax service with also being able to provide estimates and invoices out in the field. its perfect!! thanks so much much quick books. trey blocker blocket tree service
good app for business owners. i think the app does a good job with tracking expenses and billing. as a whole i think there may be better programs out there. do you research before signing up.
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
. i have this quick books and pay outrageous monthly for the worst service specially the mobile app. have called them so many times but all they care about is to collect. just waste of time and no help. i wish i could take my customer list and go to another co. does anyone know any co. better?
love it. this app is very helpful for the business side of my lawn care business.
. i am with digital account
. i am a quckbooks junky, but i have to agree with the comments. this app needs to link to quickbooks. it is useless. i love everything else qb does. i've used them for over 11 years. i really can't praise this company enough. super excited about the app for integrating affinity live!!!! just synced it.
. it is really user friendly.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
. the app is unusable and highly inferior to the web interface. when you create an invoice, it always defaults to retail invoice without the facility to change to tax invoice, so i'm forced to use the web interface for invoicing. suppliers activity always shows a blank page so again need web interface to view suppliers balance, expenses etc. can't you people make a decent app ?
. love the invoice and quote features...still trying to get the hang of bank reconciliations.
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
great but unreliable. a five star app with one star reliability. half the time it doesn't refresh, or your data is unaccessible, or the server can't be contacted, or you are logged out. when working it is fantastic, but the most infuriating app for business i have ever used.
a good portable quickbooks app. the app has most of the important features, is easy to use, and is certainly a better option than trying to use the quickbooks online on an iphone. it is not a complete substitute as there are several features not available on the app,but it does allow recording time and expenses while on the road and even allows checking on and updating bank balances.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
great enhancements. i can now create or edit invoices and send them with preview to my tenants. fantastic upgrade.
le hacen falta mas herramientas. le hacen falta mas herramientas.
not reliable. is not reliable. not a replacement for desktop app or web based qb online. different icons, different navigation, missing tools reports and features. data does not reliably import into app from accounts.
. great app, very helpful. has a few glitches that can be frustrating.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
. why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
works pretty good. latest update works pretty good. still do 90% of work on desktop but it had been useful to have access when i need it
good. quite intuitive, would be nice to have an offline mode  create new customer, new estimate or invoice that could synchronize when reconnected to internet. i work out of coverage on many remote camps. aside from that, solid!
pretty but not functional. it's bizarre how the graphics continue to be improved but the functionality doesn't. i've been trying to use this app for years but the features i need on the go are missing such as timekeeping. mostly this app seems to work a lot like you would imagine quicken mobile to work, by being able to look up past banking transactions. but i can do that on my banking apps for free already.
great app for small business. simple easy to set up and use on the road.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
i need this app. i really need to use this app. but everytime i try to create an account it says connection error. i have been sending multiple emails about the same for the past month and no reply. five stars if you fix this problem
very good app. excellent app
. good basic accounting app but widgets don't seem to work
how did they not see this coming?. quickbooks is currently not working on any update from apple. doesn't work in ios 10, doesn't work on safari 10 on the mac, can't download the mac app! business has been crippled for days. a business app like this needs far better reliability!
it’s great. although this program works incredibly well and i’m happy to of used it for the past two years… i would love to do an annual subscription, pay my payment once a year and carryon.
nice but crashes. i like the app other than the fact that after a few minutes of work it crashes. it reliably crashes. helpfully they fix it soon, it's frustrating to have to log back in every time.
. worst customer service ever they do the exact opposite of customer service, whatever it would be the answer will always be no, we can't, we won't, it's the policy
gets the job done!. i can make transaction entries on the move. i really enjoy this app.
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
crap. this app is a piece of crap my dad got it on our computer.when u scroll it goes the opposite way and there is also a bunch of other crap. i would. it recommend getting this
happy customer. best small business software ever. qbs has made my life so much better and my books are much more accurate🤗. thank you for a user friendly accounting service.
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
export. does everything i need it to do but can't export your data on a mac. also crashes in ios 11 beta but not holding that against them since i'm using beta version of ios. works find on my phone using ios 10
president. this is a great app to use wherever you are. it actually works better on my ipad better than my computer in my office. i completely recommend this app and quick books for any small business owner. love it!!!
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
still can’t attach a receipt. even after the most recent update, i still can’t attach a photo of a receipt. i can select the photo from my library, but the save button has been missing since the last ios update.
couldn't ask for more!. everything you need, intuitive and great access with mobile apps!
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
easy to use. this app is so quick and easy. my business is on the go all of the time and it makes estimates and invoicing so quick and easy.
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
. quick & easy, and i do everything from my phone. i love that my accountant has independent access to the latest information, and i don't ever worry about loosing data.
for phone. could be easier to use if it was more like the pc edition
. subscribed at the top tier quickbooks subscription, but i cannot check my inventory on the mobile app. i cannot express how sad i am, that should the first feature to ever be implemented but its just not there.
. so far it's been a good app. admittedly the pc version is better and slightly more user friendly but it does seem to be updates regularly and is getting better all the time.
in sync. i would give it a 5 if the ipad and android versions were synced faster and had the same features.
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
. very useful app
. good basic accounting app but widgets don't seem to work
doesn’t work with ios 13. keeps knocking me out.
productivity. love all the intuit products. helps run my business professionally. been able to do my own scorp taxes and payroll for a couple years now. saving me thousands over a cpa and payroll company like in previous years. business owner now for 26 years
. what i don't like about quick book is that when u use your phone to record a payment. you have to use the computer to move the cash from undeposited cash to cash in hand. but it is a good accounting software. and i love it
. can not login
great for small business owners.. awesome app. very convenient and keeps the finances and work orders organized. takes some trial and error but well worth the effort to learn this system. you tube has many instructional videos on how to expedite learning this program. price is reasonable for what you get. don't hesitate to get it. if anything you will learn something.
. i have already paid for this software and it would be great if this came free as it does with my security and vendors software. it is not worth $9.99 a month when i still have issues with it.
no good. this app only works if you have the online account version
. its perfect for a small or big buisness. the quickbook invoicing is programed so user friendly its incredible how fast i can do an estimate, load all my documents, upload pictures, email directly to your customer and have them sign the screen right on your cell phone. not to mention its doing your bookkeeping at the same time. i absolutely love it!
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
. similar issues as gillian, dashboard blank, constant error messages on mobile. i also ended up accidentally reinstalling a slightly different version and was paying double!! i didn't realize there were two very similar apps!! i also uninstalled reinstalled and it didn't fix issue. i am currently trying to figure out how to recover all the expenses and photo's of receipts for the tax season.
great company. starting up a new business has been a confusing journey. quickbooks has helped me get through a lot of the pain of how to take payments and handle expenses and such. would definitely recommend.
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
buggy. app has been very buggy. for a few months i lost the ability to add expenses and not every time i click on home the app closes. using brand new iphone 7.
great helpful app. i use sever times a week when on the go
. keeps logging me out otherwise really nice app
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
. its ok. but yet to improve to being a user friendly.
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
buggy. app has been very buggy. for a few months i lost the ability to add expenses and not every time i click on home the app closes. using brand new iphone 7.
managing partner at green mesa capital, llc. a very useful app. i can do everything i want through this app. in addition, the app has features the browser does not have, like the expense receipt capture.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
. since last week couldn't login on android or web application. . tried out ignito mode, different browsers., clearing cache even did not worked out. what's the problem guys?
happy. so far so good, but needed my accountant to help me make head n tails of it. i'm a worrier and was concerned about the financial side of my business. now i'm happy. taken the stress away.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
. the online version aaks you to download the app, which doesnt do half the stuff the online version can do. 🤷
great app.. will help me tract expenses!!
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
"buggy, rough, glitchy. frequently disconnectswon't sync to my companies data. frequently ""has trouble emailing this form"" when i try to send clients invoices. frequently is unable to save invoices. using 4g lte network and wifi with same results. says i'm offline when connected to wifi and network. only way to solve problems is seemingly to uninstall and reinstall app. update: now app frequently won't create pdf's that i can then print out. absolutely horrible for mobile business convenience."
amazing, powerfull and simple. switched from sageone and wow, for the same price i get a much better mobile app, that actually do more, and is very simple to use. and the last update made it even better with the overall view.
. worthless program. i am a quickbooks pro advisor and user for 20 years. this just does not work well and there are better applications out there.
. terrible customer service plinky plonky app. i have now moved everything over to xero which is much better
best ap and program for home business. i trailed several other programs before quickbooks. it allows me to split an expense between personal and business which others wouldn't. the ap is easy to use and love that i can take a photo of the receipt. no more loosing receiptshaving them fade etc.
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
. this app doesn't allow me to sign in, so it's been useless.
limited to the essentials. great app!
". latest update to my pixel made the app very laggy, and the ""feedback"" popup appeared again after i submitted it the first time! however, rebooting the app seemed to fix."
. was working awesome until last update. now won't log in. just has that loading thing come up forever
progress billing & payroll. those two items alone differentiate this on line accounting software from all the others. their tech support is always helpful. progress billing is done through projects, it’s getting better, the use ability is getting better. this also allows project costing. 
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
it's scam don't download 19.99 per month they took from my account. i just did download almost 8 month ago this app they took from my account almost 19.99 per month after cancel also they are robbing very bad don't download at all even no customer service to help you to talk also bad bad super bad
quick books app. this app is really good, can do nearly everything i need from the phone.
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
pretty good. limited invoice customisation is annoying but otherwise pretty good. app works great.
no pdf attachment. 3 stars as the app only able to upload photo of the invoice, not other format. you need to understand that pdf is much small in size and more practical for mobile upload. as for photo, it is at least 3m nowadays and it took almost 1 min or 2 to finish the upload.please look into it in next upgrade
. lacks functionality and still cannot access by bank account to reconcile. cannot recommend this app. avoid.
amazing. i haven't seen smart accounting software like this 👍🏼
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
the worst app ever. this app is the worst app i have ever used. takes too long to update data .... and sync hardly ever works... does not have overview screen where it shows balances on accounts... no option to sort list differently... showing the oldest payments, open invoices on top... no option to change sorting methods... too many things to list...
great app. very easy to use voice to text is amazing can't believe i hadn't done this sooner.
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
glitchy and they keep raising prices. constantly crashing, both the ios app and the mac version. and they just raised the price to $60month. not worth it.
. this app is honestly magnificent. it helps me balance my checkbook. helps me track expenses and send invoices. it's honestly a must.
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
awsome. very good program has helped me a lot.
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
all but useless. response time simply toooooo slow. customer would have to wait 5 mins for data.
excellent. my first time using accounting software this is the easiest i've tried love it
downloading the app. downloading was easy
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
. this app works perfectly for making and sending invoices, addingediting new items, reviewing bills, etc. i haven't figured out how to download an invoice as a packing slip...sometimes i need that function, so have to go to my computer.
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
logs me off all the time. every single day this app automatically logs me out, displays a message that there’s been a critical update, and that i need to log in again. even worse it requires you to actually enter the password rather than allowing face id authentication.
new to qb on line. brilliant package but did need support on getting the data i migrated over sorted. but worth the monthly charges. great job quick books.
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
useless keeps crashing.. totally useless, cannot open as it keeps crashing, one of the key reasons of subscribing to online quickbooks will be cancelling tomorrow and going elsewhere.
easy and efficient!. the app serves perfectly to capture transactions on the go, snap a pic and enter amount and accounts then review later if needed on a computer. simple, some people expect this to be fully functional for some reason; if you need a fully functional program then you really should have the appropriate expenses towards computers and software anyways. this app makes the book keeping process easy as cake for clients and the accountant.
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
crashes on open. useful app until this update. it crashes on open, both on ipad and iphone. cannot do business this way...
. great accounting for reasonable price... fairly user friendly
keeps crashing. i can't do anything with the app. every time i try to open it, it closes out about 5 seconds later. worked great until the last update.
crash books pro. this terrific app asks you every few minutes to rate their program knowing that you want to tell the world how you can't send out an invoice without the app crashing. *update* i am having more issues with the app then ever. i can only assume quickbooks is either more useless then i thought. or they are retaliating for my review of their product. i have never had any program work this bad and i have worked it.
new user. will be happy to see how useful this is for my company.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
great app but not perfect yet. if they add more customization to this app like adding letterhead to purchase order and provide educational videos on every topic it would make a best app ever.
quickbooks. it's an alright app. can be too difficult. but there aren't many other options.
too many errors to count. i’ve been using mint for years and love it. this software on the other hand is terrible. save yourself the frustration and use anything else.
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
poor quality. poor quality. inconsistent design. loads of bugs. none of the bank feed transaction reconciliationapproval features have worked for at least the last three app updates. expensive rubbish.
very nice.. very helpful considering that is cloud app. i work with it everywhere a go.
. why this app is not in french ???
"rubbish. ""run your entire business""  what a joke. this app is pretty useless to do anything. quickbooks is already hard to use and this just doesn't help."
. i have just started my own small business and this programapp is great and easy too use
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
. love my quickbooks online, but this app lacks the one feature i need. i'm an attorney and want to be able to add single time activities. it's often when i am out and about that i need to capture some time, and this app would make all the difference.
disappointed. i work a lot with the browser version of qbo which is really excellent. unfortunately, the ipad version is far from good... when we talk about cloudconnected application, i expect to have the same functionalities whatever is the system used. wrong design...
great for small business. i decided to use quickbook for my small busy because i wanted something better than excel. i glad i did. this is a great way to keep a business going.
great app!. just need the ability to take a photo of a receipt and upload it and then it'll be 5 stars (i understand this is something that the online application is lacking as well)
was an excellent app but...... never had a problem up to a month ago. upgraded my phone to galaxy s7 and now app does not work. this glitch needs to be fixed asap. i rely on this as i'm out in the feild daily.
. useful!
. you should make the interface exactly the same as the desktop version. we don't mind paying more for online, knowing that we constantly get updates, and logon capabilityfrom any computer and can have the online backups. but having the desktop vs online being totally different and opposite from eachother is annoying. i will give 5 stars when this changes.
. quickbooks technical support is very bad and technical support dont know about how to customised form of bill and showing in their theam but donot show in my bill how to solve it thay don't know ..... and my network speed is 5mbps but opening quick books need time 10  20 minutes to open ... i don't recommend any one for supscription or purchase .... this is a overall very slow software
makes it easy. so glad i decided to go with quickbooks, update daily to keep track of expenses and sales. fantastic for my business.
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
needs work ipad version. limited reports, restrictions on creating categories. simple things like always upper case in the state box, locks up when doing a quote  have to save often on ipad.
professional cleaning. quickbooks makes my company easy to run. the app is just the cherry on top.
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
locks up. cannot load company data. does not work since app update.
. love it, can do most things on my phone too, really useful for a tradesman
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
app not working  version 4.3.3. app not able to connect. consistently showing ‘temporary unavailable'
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
. i messaged support about my subscription it was not what i wanted. i cancelled the account last month and was still billed and on the subscription. would like a refund on my card
. handy to create invoices on the spot and email to clients.
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
. does not work on my pixel phone. sucks i have to pay the same rate as everyone else but can't get all the benefits. update...the email address intuit gave me to email does not work...shocker.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
. can't upload receipt photos even when fully up to date
. this app is great. i can do everything from my phone. i'm can update at any moment and keep an eye on clients who are running late on payments.
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
poor quality. poor quality. inconsistent design. loads of bugs. none of the bank feed transaction reconciliationapproval features have worked for at least the last three app updates. expensive rubbish.
intuitive and very useful!. i'm surprised at how easy this app is to use and how much functionality it has. i'm able to do pretty much all of my typical day to day tasks within this app. it's extremely useful to be able to quickly put together an estimate for a client from my phone or categorize a transaction. intuit, you've done a great job here!
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
. use this app in desperate situations. features are limited. i cannot record deposits via this app.
a j rooter. it's an easy program to use makes life a lot less aggravating when you can do your work on the road
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
error. the app is not letting me sign in! it keeps saying error!
. this app is awesome!!!
. cant add expenses or clients to qb through my smart phone
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
. great app
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
simply doesn't work. my companies all use qb online. i access it via browser almost daily. this app routes me to an advertisement to switch to qb online, even if i use the admin credentials. i'll assume it's something with all of my accounts and not a shameless advertising plug.
. this app is a huge help. can't run my business without it.
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
weak iphone app, no customer service. really weak app, no customer service. after trying to contact qb customer service, i got no response from anybody at qb. after paying big monthly fees $ i'm switching back to invoice2go, where i got great customer service and my feedbacks were used in improvements.
retired. this new online version is the best so far. user friendly, everything you want to know is right in front of you when you sign in. easy to navigate
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
. great app. for business on the go. love doing invoices com my smart phone.
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
. keeps stopping mileage tracking, gives me message about battery optimisation....... now my phone is on 247 so unless the fairies are messing with my phone when i'm asleep there is a problem! getting answers from qb is nigh on impossible!
great app!. this app great. helps me stay organized
no bills. has great functions except cannot enter billsinvoices from vendors.
. as stated on my previous review,, i have tried every method including the ones quickbooks suggest and i still cannot find an unsubscribe button anywhere, this is very frustrating and ironic in the fact this app is ment to save you time, i spent half a day trying to unsubscribe to this with still no joy , last result to phone the number which does not work over a weekend.
works well but can’t see inventory level in app. would be helpful if i could check inventory levels without going to web, other than that pretty handy app
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
incredible. totally simplified my accounting.. i switched from sage to qbo and have not looked back. easy to setup and learn. can send invoices from my phone in seconds. i recommend it to everyone i know!!
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
. why can't i login
wish you integrated with monzo. my life would be complete!
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
quickbooks. i like that everything is so easy to see and that i can reconcile for a phone app it's great!!
. my subscription was canceled and i have not been able to restore it.
. app crashes every time i try to go into banking section. have kept giving it a go over last 12 months as desktoponline versions are brilliant but mobile version still crashes
. great app
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
ouch. does not have my bank listed. does me no good. been paying for 1 year now. and i see no where how to stop subscribing. cost me over $10.00 a month.
office portability. i can post info on the fly, keeping my books up to date, even up to the minute. my clients can get estimates instantly when asking for them. my bookkeeper can see what's going on with me right now.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
. app banking does not work on android pixel 3. crashes as its loading transactions. i called quickbooks and got the runaround, didnt take my issue seriously. stuck using computer
on job usage. so easy to access invoices and job costing on the job site so easy to make my life easier
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
great software. i have come to really like quick books online. quoting, invoicing, reports and my personal favourite... it links with your bank account to automate expense inputs. you set the rules once and the next time a similar transaction appears in your linked bank account it automatically categorises the transaction for you, just hit 'add'. saves me so much time and effort and to me it's fast becoming a business tool i simply wouldn't be without.
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
. i like the app in general. please add inventory on your next update. it will be more useful on our comoany while using android.
some what happy. quick book is useful however, it's use is not as user friendly as it could be. the extra time it takes for me to have to identify items and upload others takes up more than i care to.
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
. no problems... works as advertised. no crashes.
. i was scared to switch from spreadsheets to quickbooks because i thought it would be hard to use. it's not. it makes everything easier. it also made me realize my spreadsheets were way off. a good investment for small business owners.
don’t buy on apple!. if you subscribe through apple and then want to migrate to your business account, your data can’t be kept. you have to create a new company and re enter all your data!
love the app. honestly this is the best app around, does it all with ease. i run my whole business through this app off my phone and tablet. never once had a problem.
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
messrs. great app, makes life for an accountant easy
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
. great app makes things easier
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
ios 13; don’t do it!. if you need this app to work correctly do not upgrade to ios 13 yet! many bugs... my worst bug: can’t look at any customer info anymore, does not work. yes i uninstalled and reinstalled...
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
signed out automatically. every time i launch the app it signs me out and i have to log in over and over. please fix this issue. it is annoying.
. great app, must have for business owners and organized individuals!
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
great app but missing some things. i think this is a great start to the quickbooks app! it is clean looking and well organized. you are able to enter in or download transactions, refer to client information and many other things. my only complaint is that you cannot reconcile any accounts in the app. i would love to be able to reconcile. it would get 5 stars from me if the app could do that.
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
small business owner. i have been skeptical about leaving all my business information in an external server, thinking that one day, the software seller is not longer in business. intuit has given me that confidence and now i am very excited with services i have received so far. the program is easy to set up and easy to use. very friendly menus. you can use as many functions you wish. is good even for those who have little experience keeping track of business.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
nexus 6p problems. still does not work on nexus 6. i'm trying to run a business this app use to make me efficient. now it sucks that i can no longer log in to upload receipts. i would give it zero if i could.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
frustrated. very difficult to make adjustments and when receiving a payment i have not found a way to receive cash as will as a card on the same invoice. frustrated
quick books. i love it makes my business operations so much easier!
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
phoned in. this could be such a cool extension, but like a lot of qb online, it feels a bit phoned in.  expenses show without account coding  what's the point?  report viewing is limited  dashboard is not customizable
easy to use.. i love the email feature, and digital signature..works well easy to use.
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
". sucks!!! i've tried 8 times to sign up for the free trial & an ""error"" always pops out... :p"
. great smb accounting software. use it for my company and have had no issues at all. customer support is responsive as well.
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
never has worked on my s7 edge. i loved this app when it worked with my htc. since i switched to this phone, it keeps giving me an error message and despite talking with support multiple times, nothing has been done to resolve this. i have uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times and it has not resolved the problem. i have seen similar issues reported with this phone.
this app is awesome!. very easy to use and very helpful for my small business!
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
works well but sometime updates break it so update with caution.. about every 6th update seems to have an error. overall its great.
. please provide bluetooth printer print option for receipt print
. very frustrating app to use. as an employee i am required to log my daily hours using quickbooks, the app however won't let me even login to it. i go to login and it gives me a message telling me that i am trying to use an u supported role and it will be fixed in future updates. i have to go through the website which the mobile version is not great to use.
. good app
. pos app!
simply doesn't work. my companies all use qb online. i access it via browser almost daily. this app routes me to an advertisement to switch to qb online, even if i use the admin credentials. i'll assume it's something with all of my accounts and not a shameless advertising plug.
. i initially had some issues with quickbooks, but they've since improved quite a bit. i love it! it's the most efficient way for me to send invoices and collect payments.
. i can access our company online account quickly. its easy for me to create an invoice away from the office. the app limits financial access, but works for what i need when i am a hurry.
disappointed. just dont think its up to the invoicing apps others are. need to be able to add pdf attachments from the app. others can.
love it. best app ever
. not worth the cost but it does track expenses.
crashes. keeps crashing. can't use app at all.
awesome. can't imagine running my business without this app. total complete solution for mobile businesses like mine. my accounting is done so much quicker, and i love being able to see all client info from the phone. thank you, thank you and thank you!!
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
. i should have made a better effort organizing my information before i put into quickbooks program is great! just garbage in garbage out.
happy customer. i love this app.can do my invoices everywhere on my mobile or tablet.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
how bad????. i would love to write a review, but as i've been trying to get this app to log in to my online account for 5 months now it's going to be a little difficult. but not as difficult as trying to get any customer support for this app. i could write a whole book on how impossible that is. so so disappointed. no help with this problem what so ever. frustrated!!!!!
great starter app. i wouldn't want to use this app all the time as is is a little annoying. does what it says on the tin, great as a starter accountancy tool.
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
tax ratescounties are incorrect. when i create an invoice from this app, it doesn’t select the correct county even when i manually change it. it causes it to transfer back to desktop version as the wrong county when saved and will not account for that county. please fix
makes me look like a pro!. i'm just a dude that runs a small business. i'm good at what i do, but i'm not an accountant or bookkeeper. quickbooks online let's me do what i'm good at and not worry about the details.
great app! but quickly falling behind the ios version. our business purchased nexus 7 4g as it is much more cost effective and portable than an ipad mini. i recently looked at the ios capabilities in accessing my quickbooks data, i was very surprised to see so many more options. signature capture. scan a credit card from within the app etc etc. all of these feature are not on the android version but on ios. :(
poor need lots of work. this app is terrible on the ios and android. i’m using it on both and it has tooo many bugs...
. great app
efficient. does all the work, and reminds me to collect on overdue invoices. i love it! not very expensive either!
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
expenses are easy to track. simple way to track expenses when out and about
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
great but.......... i want to not be bothered with pop ups asking me to rate the app. this is a tool to use for business. i don’t want ads and pop ups continually having to be closed in order to work
. this app made me feel more in control of my own books
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
will not export from pro to online. after 4 days working with quickbooks support they were not able to merge my company files over. very disappointed!
great app. i actually love this thing. it's pretty easy to use once you come to understand some of the functions. daunting at first but learning curve isn't too steep. helped me make sense of my numbers.
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
verging on useless. download it but don’t expect to get much out of it. how a multibillion dollar company can produce a product so lacking in functionality boggles the mind. it’s almost as if intuit is intentionally trying to offend its customers.
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
good product for on the go bookkeeping.. i have more than a few clients i do bookkeeping for. this apple ap does a good job of keeping up with their books. the bank feed is by far better than the desktop version and it can be done on my iphone. i moved my company books from the desktop to qbo so i can invoice on the go instead of waiting to get back to my office.
not very user friendly.. not very user friendly. have to open the app twice every time i use it. it says critical updates required log out and log in to refresh. every. single. time. i . open. the. app. i’ve tried deleting and reinstalling multiple times. when entering receipts it could have a search box at the top of vendor list do you don’t have to ask to search every time.
can't download. when i try to download the app, it gives me error 492. i just signed up for qb online and can't use on phone.
mr david prince. great app. i use it all the time on my phone and tablet.it works seamlessly with qbo. invoicing, receipts, checking my account, giving it to my bookeeper all easy and on the go. i couldn't do without it now.
. i've just started using qb and i'm very impressed. i was using xero and truelly,it has been horrendous. qb all the way. so user friendly.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
qb app !!!. love the app ! now with the new update i can log in with touch id :))) how fan, and saving much time.
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
never ending price increases. standard tech bait and switch. used it for a number of years but the price just went up to far. they get you with a low initial rate and hook you once all you data is with them.
does what it should. i have being using it for a year and it really does what it should. i get my banking done and it thing is great when exporting to my account.
. game changer! i've only had it downloaded for 5 minutes and i love it! i will change this review, if any hiccups change my mind, after further use.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
. works great and simple to use
. reliable app however does not have all the features, available in the product range
bug. current iphone version doesn’t let me enter expenses. every time i try, i get an “error: please choose a template before saving.” huh?
thanks intuit. i can create invoices at the job and get paid on the spot. ..no problems so far.
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
waste of resources. so you have just put out an update saying how exciting that you have changed the layout and fonts... big whoop!! how about getting the program right first. as in the features that the web version do. bundled items can’t be seen or edited in the app you have to log into the web interface. etc etc. posting a premium rate per month yet you can’t add basic features. priority people!! oh wow a new font .... pfffft! :(
quickbook app. quick and easy
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
doesn’t let you do self assessment tax. this app only does my business tax return, and whilst it doesn’t explicitly promise more, because it doesn’t let me do my self assessment (buy to let) it means i still need another app to do this. and an account on top. being such a major tax app, the fact it can’t deal with all my tax matters is a major fail.
. good software
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line.
missing features. missing bills (that you print cheques and pay later). missing payroll. this would be fine except they're raising the price on everyone in a few months.
excellent online software. i love this system made my job a lot easier my phone is my office
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
useless. paid for the app a few days ago never used it and now they are saying i can't get my money back! maybe if i had had it for half a month then i could understand but not just a few days!!! i never had a user id because i never used or even opened the app!!!
good app.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
hopeless. ever since my accountant asked to use it, the app is never able to retrieve any data keeps giving a message to say ‘unable to retrieve data’. what’s the point of the app if i can’t see the dashboard and data when i need to?
hostetler's construction llc. i love to be able to estimate from where ever i'm at without the computer , call customers from the quickbooks contacts . rexieve payments . all the time people want to know how or what i had quoted ,,, and its always at my fingertips ....
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
. great app, makes accounting easy!
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
"dissapointed. i was hoping for more. if the app has issues logging into a bank account, ect. it gives you an error code that you have to log onto there website to walk you through what it ""might"" be, then you have to go back and forth, try different things to fix it....ahhhh. you get my point😒"
. very handy for on the go small business tasks
excellent app. i cannot tell you how much time i'm saving now. i wish i had changed to online years ago.
. why does it keep saying that there is technical difficulties in using the app? even before prior update, it had this issue. no issue with the ios app though
. good app
. this app works great on my computer but will not allow you to accept deposits on a mobile device.
getting too flaky. i’ve been a subscriber for about 2 years now but am now randomly getting locked out of the app where it thinks i don’t have a subscription! i’ve reported the issue , it always gets resolved but then returns ! went to do my accounts and quotes this weekend and guess what .... i’m locked out ... again! is that acceptable for a business app ! definitely not.
. absolutly a must have for any biz owner. really an easy & amazing app. takes your company to the next level with ease.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
transactions not showing up. was good now horrible. last 2 entered don't show up but when i enter it shows duplicate
simple. très facile à utiliser
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
great app. this app is a great supplement to the mac version very very helpful
. we went from pro 2012 to the online version it easy and the android app works very well i can now run my business from under a fishing brolly if i want a day out,! updated, one thing that needs looking at is a ' restore' point i made a mistake and deleted a file with no back up available! can we have a back up please?
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. 1.3.20 still hate it no ""billable button"". zero stars"
. love the qbo app for small businesses. so much that can be done quickly.
working fine but add more features. also revise ui designs in app.
useless app. hard and bad wrote app. can't use many of the functions of regular online version.
great. helps me track all of my business needs from estimates and invoicing to financing. great app!
. app looks great.
. error with signing up. can't sign up so i'll uninstall.
auto service. makes my invoicing a lot quicker and easier to get taken care of.
not very user friendly.. not very user friendly. have to open the app twice every time i use it. it says critical updates required log out and log in to refresh. every. single. time. i . open. the. app. i’ve tried deleting and reinstalling multiple times. when entering receipts it could have a search box at the top of vendor list do you don’t have to ask to search every time.
. keeps stopping mileage tracking, gives me message about battery optimisation....... now my phone is on 247 so unless the fairies are messing with my phone when i'm asleep there is a problem! getting answers from qb is nigh on impossible!
great software. thanks
. missing cpl of features like cheque writing, arap reports in mobile app.
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
. convenient app. helps me keep up with my accounts.
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
not very good. this app dose not work with samsung galaxy s 6 or 6 edged, iv phone over 6 time now and just keep getting fobbed off , i don't even think thinking quickbooks technical support know wat they are doing i'm just left in the dark
nice work. each revision makes the app even better. i did not appreciate the price increase but if the service continues to improve then it is valuable to my organization.
attach photos. it would be nice to attach photos with emailed invoices, and a record of when invoices are sent to customers.
app doesn't work at all. after attempting to log in several times the app crashes every time. i cannot rely on it for work so it's useless.
. nice to have everything on my phone. the app works very well.
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
mixed bag and ball and chain. a great improvement over the years but the system breaks down at the worst times. today(friday) could not access any of the program for 4 hours. no invoices. no purchase orders. yikes!! when it works, it works well.
great app. even better than the desktop version.
co owner. we opened a small furniture and decor store. we use quickbooks online with few problems, however the go payments part was terrible. on our opening day it couldn't process 5 credit card transactions and has been sporadic ever since. we bought a new i pad hoping the faster processor would help wrong.
. i've been using quickbooks for a few years. it's been great. but lately i haven't been able to access old invoices or quotes. very inconvenient for past work that we've done. now i'm having a huge issue with latest data not syncing to my device and can't even get into my account. things should be getting better not worse. i've consulted with customer service which hasn't helped either.
. love this app!! so simple and extremely convenient.
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
. rubbish app as never let's me update my bank transactions. i go to refresh and it simply comes up saying none and all up to date when it's not. makes the app unusable for me.
. easy entry method. looking 4ward2 sending out invoices and payment methods.
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
. takes way to long to update between quick books online.
quick and easy. had a few teething issues getting used to the system, but i fund it easier to work and the app makes it easy to take shots of receipts to add electronic records
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
awesome. great app for the ipad. i hate complicated software a to tract my work. this ones the most user friendly app i've come across. great recommendation. 5*****'s
. i installed it on my cellphone but wasn't installed because of insufficient storage. so what i did was to delete some apps on my phone. when i tried to install it again to the phone it won't work because the said phone now cannot be access because it's now not highlighted in this quickbook apps
the cost is not free. it tells you it free but when you go in to create a online account it states it is $9.99 a month which you can buy a program cheaper then that
. using it for years no problems
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
more details... really.. i'm sick of the standard review response... send more details. i haven't even downloaded this yet. but i get the message: login problems. what's so hard about that.
. loving quickbooks! so easy doing invoices and tracking payments etc. would recommend this to any business owner.
. excellent app to get into your data on the road. i understand more functionality would be useful but being able to raise & query jobs and send out estimates & invoices 'in the wild' on my mobile phone is a real asset.
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes. in response to the developer: it seems i have to reinstall it every day just to get it work. i have been doing this fix for a long time and it still does not resolve the locking up or crashing problem.
nice app that works well!!. works well, well thought out and presented. helps me day to day for sure!!
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
no mileage tracking. false advertising. the mileage tracking screen shot is from the self employed app, not the small business app
intuit quick books online. rad app! it performs quick calcs with the tap of a finger even better than the online version. nicely done!
doesn’t work with ios13. just updated ios 13 app doesn’t load. even after deleting and readding.
"pure garbage. i've had several issues with accessing features and each time their ""solution"" was to create a new account and start over because they couldn't fix it. and now they are raising the monthly price, yet again. i'm done with qb online. seriously, save your money and use the desktop version with your own remote access."
great app. the app does everything i need on the run. thanks
search. the search feature needs improvement. can only search by customer info. can’t seem to search for an invoice by keywords that are in the invoice.
customer service and functions. you can be completely locked out upon renewal of your subscription. it has locked me out of entering for the last six days. tech support has been pretty useless at fixing it. with all the other flaws the online program has, avoid with every thing you have. you get no back up, high incompatibility, and many accountants hate it. your emailed invoice has a habit of hitting the spam bin,it isn't even compatible with other intuit products. avoid avoid avoid
good app. good app, lacking functionality but this will improve in time.
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go but would love to have the actual versus budget comparison on the dashboard instead of having to bring up a report.
. awful customer service
great app. extremely easy to use and has made doing my accounts a much easier and enjoyable experience! would highly recommend!
missing functionality  registers updated. the app itself is pretty clean and easy to use. however it is missing some important functionality, namely registers. there is no access to your bank or credit card registers, or to check their respective balances... for a financial application, this is a major missing piece. here's hoping this will be added soon. update: this has been fixed. now waiting for making deposits...
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
can't live without it. i don't know how i did business before this app. i love that i can access my company books anywhere. i love the way i can take a photo of the receipts for my expenses. thank you qb!
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
doesn't work. omg i'm so frustrated with this app...now it doesn't work at all on my note 5 i've report the error so many times and no reply
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
crashes almost immediately. running ios 12 and then 13 on an iphone 8. installed the app. put my login info in. accepted that no problem. then boom. app crashes and i’m back to my iphone home screen. rebooted my phone. deleted and reinstalled the app. makes no difference. still crashes. having this app was a big factor in my decision to run my business on quickbooks and now i’m reconsidering that before i get any deeper.
mr. great app!
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
"complete shit. developers can't seem to get it right.. going from version to version will cause problems logging in. might as well not offer as a mobile app, ""on the go"" my ass. i was told ""we're working on"" (for the past 6 times i inquired) then the last time ""too bad, use the web site for now""."
best bookkeeping and accounting software. quickbooks is the best bookkeeping and accounting software that is to be found. i highly recommend it!
a handy little companion but it wont replace the website. a number of features from the web portal are missing such as matching bank transactions but its ok to use simply to check your chart of accounts and to record expenses.
. you have priced me out. i'm going to find another program. $40 a month is ridiculous.
fantastic!!!. brilliant app. never even noticed the expenses bit so will have to fill this out for the year. absolutely brilliant. first class
better if had a progress invoice option.. almost complete, but not perfect. still missing progress invoices feature. i’m using 2 apps because i need that.
need ipad update. the ipad app should be as capable as the desktop version. when are we going to see this? iphone app is pretty stout but the ipad app needs update and soon.
very useful application. it really helps me stay up to the minute with my business goings on.
. don't waste your time with other apps
. extremely slow. no it not slow wifi no it's not the device note 10 it's just a slow app
great for my business. the app makes checking banking records and status of transfers easy. the app is also very intuitive. highly recommend.
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
. downloading problems and unresponsive customer service
great, easy to use quickbooks app. so many great features with this app, love it. so easy to use!
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
quite decent. works well for me so far.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
does very little. waste of time, minimal functions
quickbooks. super easy to use! i was able to backlog and bring my business up to speed with quickbooks within a few hours after downloading quickbooks! operating the app is fun and accessible!
clue live design. i'm a small business owner and pretty new on here too. since i have had quickbook payments i never receive any problem on the product via laptop, phone or ipad. i see the updates been give problem for others but it just work excellent for me.
problem with account.. website says i got android subscription. android says i dont. account about to expire and there isn't a easy or direct way to renew... guess it will be running out
ab online. great program. really ups the efficiency.
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
. great mobile billing app.
. i have already paid for this software and it would be great if this came free as it does with my security and vendors software. it is not worth $9.99 a month when i still have issues with it.
cumbersome. qb stinks on ice! i so miss the older versions! oh, qb online will not integrate into turbo tax! i would never use it again if i had a choice. i'm looking into sage. the menus are horrible it's so cumbersome to move from one screen to another. constantly hangs up and freezes!!!
brilliant app. quickbooks is an amazing app. i'm an electrician with a small business, so i need something quick and easy when i'm in the field. entering expenses and creating invoices is so easy on my tablet andor phone saving me hours per week. great work...i'm very impressed!
. qbo has been good for me. nothing really bad to say. thanks
crashes. constantly crashes and doesnt work as promised.
. top app easy to use.
a good portable quickbooks app. the app has most of the important features, is easy to use, and is certainly a better option than trying to use the quickbooks online on an iphone. it is not a complete substitute as there are several features not available on the app,but it does allow recording time and expenses while on the road and even allows checking on and updating bank balances.
. won't let me add bank accounts. app is useless.
cool app. really great app. gives access to everything you'd want to get to from your phone.
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
crashes when downloading. crashes when downloading after initial setup. have not been able to use app. disappointing.
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
newest update. loved the app until the newest update. now for some reason i can no longer receive payments from my phone. which is very frustrating. i have closed out the app, restarted my phone and still can't do it.
couldn't do it without this app. love this app. sooooo mobile friendly!
. very good, i am on trial not sure how much full experience will cost, i'll update when i can
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
. i use this app for my pest control business. it has some ups and downs but overall it's easy to use and a great product at a great price.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
very easy to use!. great tool and app!
. excellent app need to improve speed only.
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
good app. very detailed , im no pro @ accounting but i am teaching myself this app. its very in depth and i like it.
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
. i got this to sync with my online account and it doesn't. also it won't let me add a sales tax. and so what's the point if i hafta enter everything into separate accounts.
. super easy. auto mileage tracking.
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
excellent app. helpful reports and nice review of recent transactions to make sure operations are in tact.
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
". you broke the app!!! can't attach pdfs to invoices anymore!!! it litteraly worked yesterday, and today a ""new"" interface. make a deal with adobe and fix it now!!! update no your solution doesn't help. i already new i could do this on the desktop version. app is still broken and your proposed solution is just as useless as you have rendered your app. fix it"
. good app very nice and handy
good app for business owners. i think the app does a good job with tracking expenses and billing. as a whole i think there may be better programs out there. do you research before signing up.
"dissapointed. i was hoping for more. if the app has issues logging into a bank account, ect. it gives you an error code that you have to log onto there website to walk you through what it ""might"" be, then you have to go back and forth, try different things to fix it....ahhhh. you get my point😒"
"customer service is outstanding.. i'm a contractor, not a ""business man"" by any stretch. but, the qb staff have helped me many times to navigate and learn. kudos!"
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
poor. need to put password in every time i start can't write a service invoice and an amount
. easy to use accounting software
ok app. missing alot of important features
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
j'adore!!!. tout simplement super! l'application est facile à utiliser. très pratique de pouvoir faire des factures directement chez nos clients et pouvoir leur envoyer par courriel en direct!
doesn’t work with ios13. just updated ios 13 app doesn’t load. even after deleting and readding.
. issue with app was directed in app to call quickbooks online customer service. no solution after being on the phone for 2 hours, they ended up calling android and at&t to try and fix the issue, which made absolutely no sense to me and got us nowhere. customer service has no clue about anything app related including when the password reset does not send verification code. i ended up having a different company to resolve the issue for me. below instructions solved nothing.
great app!. i love the mobility of the app. it helps me stay on top of my bookkeeping work while i'm on the go. makes managing multiple businesses that much easier!
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
bad customer service and bad app. i’m use only one month is the most terrible app. never used this app
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
almost perfect. it would be perfect if there was an overview dashboard that showed outstanding invoices like the online dashboard.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck."
. best mobile financial app for a small businesses period
. good app, needs to have more functionality, less clicks to use and needs auto log in
. just awful. i never know if or when it will work properly. i've uninstalled and reinstalled, tried with and without wifi, this app has cost me a lot in time and money. i never know what it will screw up next and support has never once been helpful in solving issues
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks it makes tracking expenses easy as taking a picture and putting the irs info in.
downloading the app. downloading was easy
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
conevenient but lacks features. overall, good for checking basic things on the go, as well as some other basic functions. it is far from fully featured though. quickbooks online sees constant updates with new features lately, so it’s probably just a matter of time before the app catches up a bit.
garbage. do not use this app will create an accounting nightmare can’t export back to desktop or keep your data with out staying up with their monthly payments just junk
great app.. great app
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
app keeps crashing. even when i try to leave feedback the app crashes. no issues on desktop.
absolutely the best. very easy to use. tried different apps but none of them gave me results. i absolutely recommend it!
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile i am a paid version user and i am pc login all options are work properly but mobile apps issue i have made complete 4 tims in call center but agent ask me team work this issue
good app. it is very useful app. it does most everything i need it to do when on a job site. invoicing is a snap. it would be excellent if productservices would auto populate as typed rather than scrolling through a drop down list.
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
disappointed. do not download this app. i'm sorry i did. extremely flawed.
. love the ease of the software
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
. be warned easy to subscribe almost impossible to cancel subscription has been at it for hours it seems like an undertaking of several days will try again tomorrow.
perfect!!!. this software is perfect!!!!
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
crashes on ipad3. i have never had a problem with the quickbooks app until this update. it crashes and will not open on my ipad 3.
works great. this app gives me the functions i need from my phone.
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
. i use this app for my small business, and it's fantastic everything i need and then some. all in an affordable package,and it's simple to use also.
is ok. would like to see that an invoice has been sent to customer so i don't continue to add as i accumulate for that customer. would also like to see a statement with accumulative total and next invoice showing any outstanding amounts. but not bad app.
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
excellent. very useful and easy for my business in all its developments.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
cannot perform some basic banking.. after two years of waiting for the app to be capable of making deposits, it still cannot. that certainly seems like a very fundamental process.
so simple it hurts. a comprehensive yet easy to use accounting package...brilliant...
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
brilliant on note 4.. just updating my review... still awesome. ;) widget is particularly time saving. widget image needs to be higher resolution so it's a little clearer on my big screen though.
how to raise downloads by 10 times?. how to raise downloads by 10 times? service, daily installs can reach 3000+. ping me at skype& whatsapp:+8615282351612 facebook:aso888. every one can get a test promotion for 3 days now!
worth it could be improved. works well, my only complaint is different functions are available or not available depending on how you access quickbooks. can be a little frustrating when i need to send an account statement and have to do it from a pc as that option seems to be absent on iphone and ipad access. better than my other invoice options by far worth using for sure.
happy. works well. as intended. nice to be able to rectify transactions on the go.
time expense and mileage. great product. inconsistent functionality across desktop, iphone and ipad. for us professional service peeps can we have time expense and mileage please!
. i can't even login, there is some kind of bug.
ok. app ok
. what i don't like about quick book is that when u use your phone to record a payment. you have to use the computer to move the cash from undeposited cash to cash in hand. but it is a good accounting software. and i love it
very frustrating. i can't understand why quickbooks refuses to put time tracking in their mobile app. time tracking is weak at best on a desktop but excluding it on mobile makes no sense. as a graphic designer who only sells time, this is close to worthless.
great app!. awesome tool for your business. if you don’t have a background in basic accounting principals, get a bookkeeper to help you set it up. a great chart of accounts will make the reports super useful.
. would be nice to be able to record deposits through the app. the whole reason i have this app is so i don't have to go onto a pc. also, an option for digital payment, ie paypal venmo etc.
. horrible experience continues with indian counterpart. asked for refund twice they have sent transaction confirmations details till date money not credited even after mailing bank details and statements. customer care and refunds are two seperate teams with no interaction. had asked for refund in early dec 2018 now it is jan 2019. sales person and customer care representatives have smartly disappeared leaving customer hanging high and dry without refund and empty promises.
. very handy
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
. not nearly as useful as the desktop version very weak app. still needs tons of improvement
ease of use app. loving to use app on phone writing invoices.
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
. not able to login to app since one month now.
. i like the service and how quick invoices are sent to claims
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
not working after ios13 update. updated to apples latest software and this app stopped working
. really easy to use
co owner. we opened a small furniture and decor store. we use quickbooks online with few problems, however the go payments part was terrible. on our opening day it couldn't process 5 credit card transactions and has been sporadic ever since. we bought a new i pad hoping the faster processor would help wrong.
horrible. what a joke. all i want to do is be able to go to my online account. every time i try to do that it pops up to install this app. i did. now when i go in nothing looks the same or works the same. you would think i would be able to go online without this horrible app. i would give it zero stars if i could.
. so much more efficient as a web based app!
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
ipad in the name?. really. can't use with mac? get out of apple app store. waste of time 😒😑
go payment and expenses. needs expense entry and to integrate with go payment to get 5 stars. 61014  5 stars. thank you. great features. great app.
. current version leaves the expense input screen up after adding an expense. this can make you double entry as you're left with wondering if the first expense entry went through. otherwise seems stable.
clumsy, error prone, price has doubled.. not a completely trash service, but it hasn’t gotten any better despite company promises. price has doubled since i initially joined. ipad app bugged, today i tried to enter an invoice payment, no joy. tried to leave service last year and the year before. exporting info was a nightmare, and impossible on mac, effectively leaving me held hostage. cancelling service at end of year as i’d rather try a different online accounting or simply go with a desktop version.
. great app & software on the go.
can’t upload receipts. it’s incredibly ridiculous that you can’t upload receipts from anywhere but your photos app. what if you get emailed an invoice? nope can’t upload it!
. this app sucks and has for years! maybe if they charged us $1,000 a month then they could get it to work. maybe they just don't care enough to make it work. samsung galaxy s7 will not show entire history for past customers. mildly important!
great app. love this on the computer and really love the mobile app! it's great to be able to get things done anywhere.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
. i am unable to open the app passed the sign in page. just continually crashes right after logging in. poor app
the recent update fixed the problems!. this app seems to be back to normal! 😄 qb online works great for working on the field and being mobile! 😊
. awesome intuit continues to improve the app. i feel like i get more for my money.
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
great software all round. quickbooks is easy to use and manage. software and app work easily together. makes small businesses life simpler. love being able to use app to do expenses and invoicing on the go.
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
. if you even subscribe to their free trial, they will call you dozens of times in a day. its too much. every time a new number, so i can't get rid off. heavy spamming. जीना हराम कर रखा है यार तुम लोगों ने
. getting better with every release. still have to reinstall every so often. at&t galaxy s5. otherwise works perfectly 99.95% of the time.
not useful yet. it is okay to check open balances and receive payments, but other than that, there is little functionality. qboa continues to improve, so i expect this app will improve as well.
works good but. haven't been able to email invoices for over 2 months now.. what's up wit that??
. fantastic overall experience. easy and convenient to use
. i have already paid for this software and it would be great if this came free as it does with my security and vendors software. it is not worth $9.99 a month when i still have issues with it.
crash error crash error. quickbooks is a four outta five platform, this app is a one... signs me out and crashes more than once a day!
so very useful!. i run a dog walking business and basically manage my entire business with my s4, this app and a printer. so easy to set up and maintain. i am very happy with quickbooks and would definitely recommend to others.
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
handy and convenient.. i love this app. it is easy to use and always have it all at office when you go to do bookkeeping there. reports may be something to add so i could we what customer owe me. thx
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
. user for 2 years, samsung s8, app fails to load now. when it did work, it never showed historical customer transactions. never properly refreshed bank connections oh, you would have to go to the online portal and update first before you could use or see your transactions on this app. i'm pretty fed up at this point with this app, only thing i really wanted to do at this point was use the receipt scanning but i can't even do that now. uninstalled..
excellent. for someone who hates keeping receipts. this system is perfect, i simply photography my receipts, lose them as usual and still get to claim my expenses. no more awful receipts for me!!
for phone. could be easier to use if it was more like the pc edition
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck. *tried clearing data, same issue."
. this app works really good makes owning a service business simple. love that i can get done at a customers house and send an invoice
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
love the software. understanding that all software are more friendly on the actual computer than in the cell app, even though, the cell app is very helpful for invoices, estimates, reminders for payments “on the go” just to mention a couple of them. being an 8 years user from checkmark multiledger and payroll and making the transition to quickbooks is just a huge step forward and very efficient for my firm.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
incomplete and not easy to use. privacy settings are lacking as they previously were in the online version. to be useful, i need to be able to pass the ipad to a sales associate sioux giving them the amount of access they currently have (with the limited privacy settings). also, the login and password system is cumbersome meaning it isn't quick to open up the app to charge a customers card (faster to run it through the online version)
great app for managing every business finance needs. i love most of the features available, really great app and ecosystem. this is truly what every startup and business owners should have to manage their business finance. on the cloud and available to use at any time.
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
ridiculous omission. i can not believe that with all of the updates that you still can not create a purchase order with this app. ridiculous.
. works well. user friendly.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
. after this last update the app is worse, you can't see your last invoice or overdue invoices, you can't create new invoice or see your customer or create new customer.
small businesses best friend. if you have a small business this should be the first thing that you get. having this on your phone to do invoices on the spot is the only way to go.
. found a better app for my needs
. sucks
. love how easy it is to stay in track. easy to use and send invoices to my clients.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
crashes. the app just crashes as soon as it starts to load. don't waste your time downloading it.
. it's a great app
yes! it crashed. sept. 26 it crashed. customer service new nothing about it the 29th. i have a 5. are you forcing me to upgrade?
switching between companies. how come i cannot switch companies? cannot run p&l and balance sheet based on dates?
qb app. product has improved greatly since its first launch. still room for improvement. i wish you could add time activities like you can in the online version.
. great app. could do with some improvements which i'm sure will happen. my biggest problem is you can't update your banking transactions through the app, you have to use the website. if you click refresh, nothing ever happens. it's annoying to have to go to the website.
. how do i unsubscribe
. if you have to write off expenses for your business like meals, travel ect.....get this app now!!!! very simple and user friendly.
. i like the app, but i can't view all of the vendor bills and payments on the mobile app. i've tried multiple android and ios devices and just can't see the vendor bills and payments. i can see them online, but it would be nice to be able to view them in the app as well.
not free. this is a free trial, and that is what it should say. now it is going to take me 2 hours to get it removed off all of my devices! annoyed!
. great app ok
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
really needs an easier login. since the last update, logging in is a huge pain. touch id rarely works.fix this.
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses. all from my phone
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
"latest upgrade is a disgrace. i have never written a negative review of an upgrade, but the latest version of this app made a great app totally useless. you can no longer receive invoices or reconcile bank balances. do yourself a favor and delete the quickbooks app rather than ""upgrade."" the mobile website is more useful than the app."
. great app i love it
. i wish this was a completely free app.
way too limited. i can’t even use the app to see if a bill was processed. it only allows you to view check or ach transactions and deposits. checks processed through bill pay don resigister as activity.
awesome app. it's a womderful app, so versatile and functional
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
quickbooks renew account??. renewed my subscription for a year and i'm still locked out, every time i log in it keeps telling me to subscribe for 1 month i tried to go that way and it asked if i wanted to change my current year subscription? makes no sense.. wish some (tech support or program owner) fixes it i'm about to cancel it all..... wy small business owner
. this is a very user friendly app. i can modify and create estimatesinvoices on the fly! good work intuit!
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
doesn't support timesheet entry. i have an account through my employer that is only used to enter timesheet information. this works great through the quickbooks online website from my pc, but when i try to log in through the app it tells me that i do not have a quickbooks online subscription.
great. had some problems at first, but i was helped promptly and the problem was fixed immediately. great support team.
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
loopy. i tie to sign in and it returns me to sign in again. i even reset my password still doesn't work. it loops back ! crap
. simple to use and good value. love the app!
needs expenses  time functionality.. obvious missing functionality.
decent app. very limited features. needs to allow photo capture of customer checks. also needs deposit feature.
brilliant. i'm not great with keeping up with book work but this app makes it so easy that i actually want to put the time in and do it properly. a must have for small business
would be better if i could manage payroll on the app. i would love to be able to do up my company’s payroll on the fly if i’m out on a job site or on a business trip. please fix this
". this app is trash, has me very upset won't let me add a bank account just keeps saying ""hmm connection error"". this is bs i just signed up for this service and won't let me connect your app sucks and most likely will seek a refund. have tried wifi, mobile, what the funk, not quick in my opinion..."
. great app
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
unable to access my account. this app does not work. i am unable to access my account it just goes back to the splash screen.
alcatel one touch. great app for small business.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
. app isn't working. i keep getting an error message while it's loading.
. luv how easy and convenient thus app is!
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right.
great app!. i was using quickbooks pro desktop 2013 before going to online 2016. all i can say is wow! i never realized how much i was missing. reconciling expenses with automatic bank and credit card transaction downloads can be done on my phone anywhere and anytime. no need to log into bank and manually download. huge time saver. also keeps me up to date on my finances with great reporting built in and at my fingertips.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
waste of resources. so you have just put out an update saying how exciting that you have changed the layout and fonts... big whoop!! how about getting the program right first. as in the features that the web version do. bundled items can’t be seen or edited in the app you have to log into the web interface. etc etc. posting a premium rate per month yet you can’t add basic features. priority people!! oh wow a new font .... pfffft! :(
. takes some time to kearn but very good companion to the full cloud app for the laptop
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
. user for 2 years, samsung s8, app fails to load now. when it did work, it never showed historical customer transactions. never properly refreshed bank connections oh, you would have to go to the online portal and update first before you could use or see your transactions on this app. i'm pretty fed up at this point with this app, only thing i really wanted to do at this point was use the receipt scanning but i can't even do that now. uninstalled..
. excellent app can do more on the app on android then on the iphone. works great!!
. great with some improvements would be nice if invoice generated from app had the pay online link like the invoices i send from computer. is there a setting that i need to change to activate this feature?
payroll. it is worthless for me. uninstalled it as soon as it was installed. can't do payroll.
. my only complaint is if i'm writing or editing an invoice on the mobile app and want to put a discount i can't put a negative amount.
. as a quickbooks user anytime i'm in need of the app it's been brilliant. missing a few key features, but as i mainly stick to the web version it's fantastic when needed
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
pretty useful!. i can add my expenses and match them later and now they even. updated the web internet so i can use it on my tablet and it's become super helpful! thanks quickbooks! i think what's they update it to where you can do all the thing you can on the tablet web interface that you can do on the computer it's going to be top notch
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
not working properly after update #2. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. my books don't match from my phone to my computer. the pin still doesn't work, every time i edited an invoice it magically created a copy of an invoice that showed up 2 days later. now i have a ton of clean up to do in my books. it's time for me to find new accounting software.
very user friendly!. quick books makes life simple!
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
update problems. the app have now problems i recommend to check that i was using the app for 3 years but now is a disaster
portable. great app for running a business on the road. i wish it had progressive invoicing....but overall i am happy.
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
. so slow to picture receipts and save as a note!!! just scanning 6 invoices took about 20 minutes. nightmare.
excellent. great software
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
. not sure if this was resolved but in reviewing past expenses and invoices, it looks like 85% have disappeared. if i entered more than 1 expense on a single day, it kept 1. some days i entered 56 receipts if not more and now i'm redoing them all. switched to a bookkeeper this year so haven't used the app in 6+ months.
saves me 250month on payroll.. i can now run my corporation from my tablet, without an accountant. invoice on job site while on the clock instead of for free at home away from kids. also it’s 250 bucks a month cheaper for qb to do my payroll compared to my accountant to do quarterly sales tax reporting and weekly payroll for 1 5 employees...
. very useful software all customers use
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
nearly perfect. makes life so much easier having access to accounts on the go on all devices, shame you cant print statements on the ipad or via the iphone app
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
doesn't refresh data, data is inconsistent. doesn't refresh data, data is inconsistent
quickbooks a real sage beater!. having been a sage customer for over 15 years i wish i had discovered quick books sooner, why did i spend all that money on yearly updates when i didn’t need too. i absolutely would recommend quickbooks to everyone and i do! thanks for a great product guys 👍🏻
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
easy, quick & thorough!. love this online version! i've been using it for my business for over a year! we send out about 100 different invoices every month and it's great!
. very good program, other than the price has went up 3 times this year.........getting expensive.......started at $12 a month and now at $25
. looks good in theory... bit hard to use and not real keen on all the permissions....
randy. can i m merge my quick books pro info into this app
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
makes it all the easier. program runs excellent always active on me note 3 a couple of things id love to see added. purchase orders and file attachments to invoices this would perfect it for me.
needs expenses  time functionality.. obvious missing functionality.
. all the hype and there's no where or way to cancel a subscription.
. great business app
better improvement. app running better
". won't allow me to update ""company information"", so customer invoices and receipts show the wrong information displayed. not a way to run a business, only track p&l. disappointing."
very handy accounting app. this app is very useful to always have a snapshot of your business at your fingertips.
. still somewhat confusing.
avoid like the plague!. app doesn't work, says trial expired. customer support are unhelpful and have no idea when it will be fixed. we have a years worth of books on this and now we need to find new software  we've been in business for more than 26 years and have never known service like this. seriously, find another solution. this is not the software you are looking for.
one man show. this app helps tons: estimate and invoice from anywhere.
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
. really frustrated, do not buy this app through google, once you setup you account through good you can not upgrade you account or transfer it to a regular subscription. so i'm just stuck with what i have....
. super easy to use...love that we can use it on multiple divices. awesome program
doesn’t work with ios13. just updated ios 13 app doesn’t load. even after deleting and readding.
. the app has stopped working on my phone, i've been trying to log in for 2 weeks now and it constantly said the internet isn't connected, which it is. have sent an email via your contact details abs had no response regarding this issue.
. very good app handy
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
. i can't remember the last time i was this frustrated with an app andor company. more often than not, the app andor the website do not work. they sure don't have any issues with their autorenew and collecting money from users. they just can't figure out how to provide a product that works and customer service that can, or even wants to, help. think long and hard before choosing quickbooks for your business. i wish i had.
owner. 365 bookkeeping & payroll. absolutely love the qboa and the qbo mobile app. user friendly.
great app but sign in issues. wont let me sign in anymore keeps sayin error restart app.
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
. great app
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
. this is what happens when a company gets too large. first app worked fine and then suddenly refuses to connect to my bank. customer service is a joke. reps were unable to figure out why error 103 kept appearing. after two hours on the phone i was then told it is a systems issue that needs its own ticket. two days later an email arrives stating that the issue is resolved. guess what, it wasn't!! come up intuit! you can do better than this
easy. easy to use, and has all the features i need to run my lawn care business. i recommend it to everyone. my only issue was getting my subscription paid for. i worked it out by calling customer service and they were awesome.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
. free try option does not work. what's the fun of offering trial that doesn't work
from xero to quickbooks. i went from sage line 50 (blinkin' expensive but brilliant if your an accountant) to xero (very good for basic invoices but no estimate facilities on the app, no good for my job) to quickbooks online. easy to use. does what i need. reliable and relatively quick.
small business. way to complex and slow going to make a new invoice for a new customer on the fly
stopped working. worked great until about 1 week ago. now i can’t see income and expense charts. also can’t view and accept transactions. i’m using an iphone 7.
great for small businesses. easy to use and track expenses, and income so when you get ready to file your taxes you have everything you need at your fingertips.
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
can't enter bills. if i can't enter bills on the ipad version, the software is useless.
. it's a good app. i recommend that if you're a small business or a freelancer, you may install quickbooks online...
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
very useful, ios 13 login issue however. as the title says. this software, when combined with the website version, can be incredible useful. the layout is good. i use it for work and once you get to know it it’s pretty good. currently there is an issue logging in with ios 13.
all that you need at the same app. great app, easy to navigate
. it is easy to use the app and convenient to have on the go. however the app lacks the presentation of the computer online website which has better detail on each page. i would prefer to use the website page.
horrible. please update this app so it stops crashing during every use!!! also, critical updates every time you try and do anything???? getting old and frustrating. fix it!!!!! also, why when you update a transaction, it saves it from before the update, so you are doing the work twice???
quickbooks mobile app. greatest addition to my business i ever made!
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
sooooooo easy. each update gets better and better, making bookkeeping easier and easier.
liked it until it stopped working.... it suddenly no longer connects. called quickbooks and they said they don't support the mobile app .... update..contacted developer listed in some of reviews and he got it working...
. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program. the app on a mobile device doesn't even open. it says sync problem. it's been days since i logged into the app. always problems with this company. the app is terrible.....
great app. helps me stay on top of my business while away from the office and quickly send and receive invoices. love this app!
still needs delayed charges. if you can add delayed charges to the available transactions, it will be perfect.
. something has changed. lately i've been having a lot of glitches. everytime i try so save an invoice, it doesn't go back to the preview. therefore i wind up pushing the save button more than once which duplicate the invoice.
great mobile app, but it has a mind of its own. i've found the ability to work remotely as a great plus for estimates, electronic invoices and checking customer records. i have just had issues with downloaded deposit amounts and matching for reconciliation. automatic entry into register has to go!
i spoke, they listnened. i have had my fair share of frustrations with intuit and when they send out questionnaires i answer them and my biggest complaint was no access to a p&l which is now apart of the app. it's perfect for what i use it for and there's nothing like creating invoices and getting paid on the go. great update and thanks for listening.
. its a good app but they keep raising the monthly charge by more than 25% every 10 months... i'm now paying $35month. i will be looking for a new accounting software. they say it is for new improvements to the software, however, i was fine with the way it was. don't pass that on to existing customers who have been loyally using the software. i think it is a poor excuse. unacceptable.
. easy on the go invoices
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
". checked this app out to see if it was good for my business. i was charged 7.99 for a ""free"" 30 day trial. decided it wasnt the right app for me. thanks for the 2 days i used it and was charged for. awesome!! (insert sarcasim here)"
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
love it, but. i love the app, but different devices have different functions. some things i have to do on the laptop. the internet version will crash and i have to reload it. not sure if its my internet connection or not. it is helping me get more organized and ready for 041516, ugh!
predatory data collection. the app wouldn’t allow me to accept payment without my giving it geo location. why do you need it, other than to use it in ways completely unrelated to my bookkeeping? the app was already near useless. good bye qb app!
. i am really thankful for this opportunity. this app vary great easily to use with simple and useful. thanks
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
don’t you qa this stuff?. the expenses screen is still full of bugs. the whole thing goes wrong after adding a photo (which, incidentally, are now auto cropped even worse than before) and returning to the expenses screen. don’t you test this stuff before releasing it?? (i’m on iphone x).
great!. supeper user friendly aloha
meh. still not sure how quick books became the market leader and they have been resting on their laurels for years. the app is no exception. there are lots of improvements they could make but they are too lazy.
. this app hacked my phone and when i uninstalled it it reinstalled itself and destroyed my phone, do not install this app
does the job. great app for fast results
intuit quickbooks. software
. worst app ever. 0 stars.
. wonderful apps but still need to improve .
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
tax ratescounties are incorrect. when i create an invoice from this app, it doesn’t select the correct county even when i manually change it. it causes it to transfer back to desktop version as the wrong county when saved and will not account for that county. please fix
beautiful, so simple.. really great app.
not as intuitive as desktop version. not as intuitive as desktop version. since 1986 used before intuit bought out money counts. lots to learn yet nice to be able to move the line items around. been wishing for that for 30 years
subscription ridiculous. this subscription crap is getting out of hand. what happened to the days when you could buy software and own it? as if quickbooks itself isn't expensive enough, and i would gladly pay once for a quickbooks android app, $125 a year is ridiculous. i don't need your cloud, i have a server of my own, why shove this crap down people's throats?
top notch. this app works great, easy to use after i played around with it for a bit. very convenient and quick to use.
. after some training it is clear that quickbooks is an invaluable tool for business. after using other cloud invoicing software who have either not covered my needs or have closed down i would hope that qb will be around for the long haul . downgraded by 1 star because the recipt capture isnt quite as good as another app i had .
. app is so slow and doesn't have the functionality of the full web version making it pretty useless
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix!
. good but receipt scanning needs to be like the self employed app, if possible. do that and 5 stars for def
improving but still a long way to go. like the new dashboard, but need ability to set ytd totals, more report options, does not show all my bank accounts. needs to be more customizable. app does not replace the website version, which is still needed to do any real work. best feature is the easy way it handles the bank feeds.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
. brilliant software i have never been so organised and my life is better knowing what my financial situation is whenever i want
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
. 1 star : i have been inundated with advertisements are so much i went ahead and download it it just so that i could give it a review. hopefully they will not continue to bug me with youtube videos and all these unimportant advertisements i didn't ask for in the first place.
. it is a useful tool
. pretty good app. lots of features like asset register need to be accessed through desktop. ocr not available for receipts on this version
new update sucks. latest update for android takes forever to refresh and save invoices. almost unusable for me when i'm on the job. takes over five minutes to save an invoice and then even longer to print one if will will even let me...tried to uninstall and reinstall and reboot and everything it still takes way too long to refresh and save.
. the best they have really improved on the app. definitely worth the money.
amazing. but how do i change the currency? i need to use kenya shillings. i also can't see a trial balance
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
pretty good 9 months in. really good, can't do pay roll or vat reports on the app but just about everything else. photo receipts for expenses and checking received payments. very useful. f
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
did update have had issues ever since. cannot download all of he files needed keep getting error code 10000. no resolution
great app. 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻😊😊
. i've just started using qb and i'm very impressed. i was using xero and truelly,it has been horrendous. qb all the way. so user friendly.
update make app worthless. thanks for the update that prevents me from sending invoices.
well done. good app to compliment online services
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
simply functional. app makes invoicing easy, and allows you to track any outstanding receivables. should make tax time much easier.
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
. great app and fairly easy to use
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
. it sucks scam!!! so i tried quickbooks just for hel,p i got logged out of the app and now i have to pay $400 just to restart my password other companies are free.
. great app
. please add support for whattsup business app
. similar issues as gillian, dashboard blank, constant error messages on mobile. i also ended up accidentally reinstalling a slightly different version and was paying double!! i didn't realize there were two very similar apps!! i also uninstalled reinstalled and it didn't fix issue. i am currently trying to figure out how to recover all the expenses and photo's of receipts for the tax season.
mario osorio painting and a&t housecleaning. love this program very friendly and very easy to understand for my self and my bookkeeper.
easypeasy. this was the first software that made perfect sense for my social media management and marketing company! i'm unclear why there are so many complaints. i have had no problems or unrealistic acceptance.
". getting this message for the last 3 days on my android. ""there was a problem syncing your data. wait a few minutes and try again"". please fix this"
easy and efficient!. the app serves perfectly to capture transactions on the go, snap a pic and enter amount and accounts then review later if needed on a computer. simple, some people expect this to be fully functional for some reason; if you need a fully functional program then you really should have the appropriate expenses towards computers and software anyways. this app makes the book keeping process easy as cake for clients and the accountant.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
easy to use and great features. i moved to quickbooks after trying xero, and find it at least as good for my needs and much better value. good foreign currency support, which is important for me.
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
convenient app. fast and easy way to update my account plus banking syncable
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
quickbooksjoist sync. none of this is working at all. for a company that does bookkeeping it’s ironic that i’ve been charged twice in less than thirty days for a trial period!! none of my invoices are synced, estinates are counted as revenue and quikboojs is stating my 90 day old business has 1000 net profit!! not even remotely possible! this is incredibly frustrating and so i have to work on this on my only day to rest. ridiculous!! do not use this app
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
co owner. we opened a small furniture and decor store. we use quickbooks online with few problems, however the go payments part was terrible. on our opening day it couldn't process 5 credit card transactions and has been sporadic ever since. we bought a new i pad hoping the faster processor would help wrong.
. all the hype and there's no where or way to cancel a subscription.
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
can't open.. i loved this app. i could work up estimates on the spot. add my receipts. it was really functional. i just got a note 5 and it won't even open the app. if not fixed soon. i will cancel my membership.
excellent once setup. i run my whole business on quickbooks. it was a little tricky to set up initially but once my bookkeeper had given it the once over, everything was perfect. great stock management system that ties in to the invoices and hooks in with the business bank account. this makes self assessments etc very easy and saves loads of time. very happy :)
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
. malfunctions on every level. did not attach a single receipt picture to the transaction. brought in the bank accounts and scrambled them. even on the desktop deposits are expenses and you cannot edit them
