"love the convenience. love the app, but please add an option for ""inclusive tax"". so easy to build and send invoices, post payments, create estimates, etc....."
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
doesn’t work like the app on a pc. the fact that the apps are not the same on a pc than on the ipad or mobile is frustrating. can’t see running totals on the register, can’t add transactions the same way, etc. and the kicker is the website version doesn’t work at all on the ipad, can’t scroll through the register because scroll bars are absent in chrome or safari. horrible adaptation and makes the ipad useless to conduct accounting business with quickbooks...
great app. 
crashing after ios 9 update. app continues to crash after updating to ios 9. just after opening it crashes. this app has been an excellent tool to my business. looking forward to a quick bug fix.
bank connections never work. bank connections to transactions never work. always down.
1st time user. loving it so far
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
incompatible with ios 9. this app is great in ios 8 and even supports touch id. however, it does not work in ios 9 and needs an immediate update.
easy. it could be a little bit easy to use.... invoices could be customized to add options like hours....
so good. best account software available
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
brilliant app. i have tried a few other invoicing and book keeping apps and had a lot of problems with them. i have been using quick books for nearly a year now, and it's easy, professional and complete. i am very happy with it, and recommend it to everyone. thank you
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
poor quality. poor quality. inconsistent design. loads of bugs. none of the bank feed transaction reconciliationapproval features have worked for at least the last three app updates. expensive rubbish.
quickbooks app is a perfect companion to quickbooks online. quickbooks app is a perfect companion to quickbooks online. it works seamlessly allowing you to read through your transactions and even create most of the common tasks. ( with the exception of vat tasks) qb online is the perfect accounts program
invoicing easy. easy for invoicing etc, but less intuitive for expenses and linking accounts etc. especially as it will or allow me to sync my main business account!!!
basic app. app functions are extremely limited, and i can't use qb web on any browser on ios devices (ipadipad pro 12.9iphone 7plus) as all browsers including safari, chrome and dolphin run in zoomed mode when want to enter invoice, payments, receipts and bills or even check reports and make unusable.
great app.. can do everything while on the move.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
please stop making my sign in. every other fingerprint authentication app on my phone (banking, password manager, file managers) does not nag me to log in via password every other day. why does this app do so? please fix.
perfect for small business. keeps me financially organized with income and expenses. easy to use and reports are complete. perfect for my small business.
great mobile app. mobile app has more functionality than online version. having the ability to take a note on a customer and add a photo. i only wish those notes were visible to the online version. currently they are not.
iphone x needs ui adjustments. the “accept” button at the bottom of banking transactions is on top of the “home bar” on iphone x please fix the ui so that there aren’t any usability issues on iphone x
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
weak weak app. this app is very basic. can't even view multiple accounts without logging out and logging back in. terrible
i like the new app. clean and easy to use!
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
needs some work. this app is good but needs more work. error message kept popping up while working in it. some tasks are missing like entering bills. can't find sign out button or switch to a different company.
time savings. why did i wait so long. this makes managing books so easy it is, dare i say, enjoyable.
actually professional now. i was using word to create invoices, then excel to keep track of when they were paid. now it's all done in one place and even sends a professional looking invoice to my clients! i should've moved to quick books long ago!
unable to signin. since the update, qb won't authenticate on iphone 5s: either it states technical difficulties or the login info is incorrect. i'll uninstall and install to see if that resolves this new programming error.
essential tool. this app is the greatest tool for invoicing.
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
be warned about quickbooks. this is not software. it’s ransomware. every two or three years they make it break and force you to upgrade. the upgrade is the same price as buying it new. the online version is just as bad. when i started using it it was $15 a month and now it’s $40 a month. be smart and don’t become a slave to intuit company.
can’t bill my time from mobile. overall it’s a good app. my only complaint is that i can’t report my billable time using the apps. they have a nice integration on qb online with google calendar, it would be nice if they also add that to the mobile app. at minimum you should be able to report time to a project in the mobile app.
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
very slow. this app is very very slow.. 10 minutes to load , another 10 minutes to load customer screen, and 15 minutes to apply 1 payment
excellent software. best products, excellent customer service, can't imagine how i would manage without it. thanks quickbooks!!!
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
stuck in data download. can't open app on ipad or iphone. stuck in a data download loop. support says there are no known issues, what a joke.
great!. i've used quickbooks for years. very happy with the online. version, it allows me to take care of my invoicing anytime anywhere. my business is more profitable now because i can send an invoice when the job is complete and there's no forgetting to do it at the end of the day. if your business is mobile shouldn't your accounting be also?
still needs improvement. there's still lots of room for improvement. one area to work on is having the mobile app work seamlessly with the laptop version of the app. i should be allowed to attach receipts to estimates & invoices in draft on the mobile app.
does not do simple qb tasks. this app does not have all the functions as the computer online version. i can't run simple reports and the payroll app which is separate does not allow me to make changes to the employee information. doesn't function like you need it to and it put me in a bind when i went out of town with just my ipad. i would not even give it one star. worthless.
needs a calendar interface. great app, a clickable calendar link would make it more user friendly
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
where are the invoices??. what is the point of an accounting app that does not show supplier invoices? dreadful. support was as helpful as a chocolate teapot too ...
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
could be better. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
ipad trouble. i’ve been using the self employed app for almost two years. i had some issues with crossover between a new mac and my iphone. though a painful process, tech support eventually fixed it. now after downloading the app on ipad, the app won’t work on the ipad. says mobile access isn’t available. well what have i been doing on my phone for two years then?
beautiful app, curious about next features.. the revamped qb online is really attractive. still people coming from the classic qb are missing features. qb uses a great system to allow customers to vote for features. the success of the online version will depend on how fast qb development will be able to produce the big wishlist of new features.
great for my simple business. i love quickbooks online and would give it 5 stars except i send many estimates, invoices and sales receipts by email and frequently they are not received and unless i follow up i do not know they were not received. when it is sent i need the satisfaction it will be received. again i love the program.
plenty to be desired. there are options such as making expenses billable is not available. previously had issues with adjusting tax in the app and the support team told me to use the web based version. what's the point in having an app with features when the support team just tells you use the web version.
love it!. this app is great. i can almost do everything i need to on it. great way to check accounts on the go.
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
great. makes invoices and estimates from phone look right professional. i use the desktop version as well and it would be great if the different versions spoke to each otherwise best solution by far
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
needs more features. i recently got an ipad. i really would love to use this app instead of having to go to the website through safari (which is horrible on the ipad). however, without custom reports, this app is very limited.
great. helps me track all of my business needs from estimates and invoicing to financing. great app!
need packing slip option. add the option to send packing slips from the mobile app
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
the best invention since the wheel. i am extremely happy with quickbooks. i’ve owned restaurants for over 20 years, and i started using quickbooks about three years ago. what a nightmare it used to be doing paperwork. i could not live without quickbooks now to provide for me and my family and employees. the best investment i ever made.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
great & uptodate!. this is a great little app to give you access into the back end of your quickbooks online account. great for doing simple invoicing and adding expenses. i still use the desktop browser for more complicated reports and such. well done and intuit keeps the app up to date thank you!
james. love it!! we run our business on this,,
has issues. when running two small businesses and home finances it would be nice to have the ability to separate the accounts so there is less confusion as to where the money is going. also, credit card support is wanting.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
great app. only thing i don’t like is if you accidentally delete an invoice you can never get that invoice number back and it’s now been voided. that needs to be fixed so it can be adjusted or recovered. none the less it’s a great app. won’t ever connect my bank info none the less because that’s how you get audited for nothing.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
like the app. i find the app to be very useful in the field. unfortunately since the latest update adding new customers seem to slow the app down and to a crawl. wish there was a way to get that bug fixed
error!. somthing isn’t working and there is no support from the developer online :
very good. i am new to running a business and haven't used any other apps or programs so i can't compare them but i'm very happy with this one so far
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
really bad app. this app is really bad, lacks everything you would want from a app that is suppose to work with you online quick books. no registry access!
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses.
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
stopped working. worked great until about 1 week ago. now i can’t see income and expense charts. also can’t view and accept transactions. i’m using an iphone 7.
learning curve and then it's awesome.. takes some getting used to but i've now got it and it's actually very useful and easy to use. integration between my pc and iphone make it easy on the go and sitting at home. estimates, invoices & expenses all in one app.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
has issues. when running two small businesses and home finances it would be nice to have the ability to separate the accounts so there is less confusion as to where the money is going. also, credit card support is wanting.
love it!. qb is stunningly simple yet superbly sufficient to handle our business needs for invoicing clients, reporting ar and preparing us for yearend taxes. the mobil app is equally impressive!
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
not quite there yet. disappointed  not nearly as functional as the program  it's buggy  crashes fairly often but has potential and is slowly improving  i think it will get there  but not yet
this has helped me have a life. without this software i would be buried in paperwork . it helps me stay organized. i have been using one version or another since 2003. thank you
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
nice app... wish it did all i need it to do. i have told people, do not buy an ipad with the intention of running qbo on it, you will be surely disappointed! the app doesn’t do enough, especially in reports and you can’t run payroll... and in the browser it’s terrible.
quickbooks app. great app. really useful.
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
can't login. can't reset password
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
locks up. cannot load company data. does not work since app update.
must have !!!. if you have a business that serves customers and you want to collect payment at time of service or later, you want this software along with its phone apps to do business in the field. your a fool if you don't !!!!
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
rather use my local accountant and pay the £100 per annum. rather use my local accountant and pay the £100 per annum
everything i need. qb is perfect for my small business needs. i tried myob and this is so much easier to use. easy to navigate or just get a snapshot
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
app not working. all how i enter the correct username and password it is say that i am unable to sign in please try again later. however the app works fine on my android. is there a problem with the ios version of this app
great help. keeping receipts and having to collate and type up for the accountant is a thing of the past.
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
crashes still to often. fairly good  duplicates imported credit credit transactions. freezescrashes too often. doesn't allow you to specify where payments go ...always undeposited funds ...
quickbooks. i have been using quickbooks for about 3 years. i use the ipad version and the quickbooks online version. it does almost everything i would need it to do. i am really liking this last update.
suscripción suspendida! ya pague! pero sigue suspendida ayuda. ayuda ! esta suspendida y no puedo facturar
app login. i can not login to app using my online login details. have reset again and again and nothing works. very frustrating
ties well to qbo. the app is very easy to use. you can adjust invoices easily and take payments within an invoice. it ties to quick books online very well. i wish it was easier to take payments outside of invoices, but i guess that's what the gopayment app is for. but that app doesn't automatically import the inventory items i'm tracking in qbo so there's no perfect solution.
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
slow to load and outdated info. the mobile app is pretty much useless, continues to give outdated balances, the only report available is a basic p&l. i need to see a running balance, not just the bottom line which is usually wrong but no way to check! i see many updates but no improvements, only rate increases!
brilliant. excellent accounting software for new small business. only issue i have is that i bought a subscription online and the app keeps telling me to subscribe
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
very slow. this app is very very slow.. 10 minutes to load , another 10 minutes to load customer screen, and 15 minutes to apply 1 payment
jason. great app, but the online version needs progressive invoicing, fix that and its 5 star!
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
ok but frustrating. doesn't do as much as online version. lots of error messages when downloading bank data. poor customer service, not responsive when errors flagged.
review. i am self employed, i find quickbooks is easy to use as my business is extremely simple. i do have an issue with the annual cost. i think that you should have different rates for individuals like myself who only use it a few times a week.
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
app keeps crashing. app keeps crashing since i got my new iphone. it opens then closes right away. i’ve tried deleting and installing again, i’ve tried rebooting phone; nothing works. any suggestions would be helpful. thanks
so far so good.. love the app. i think it's great any time i can give an estimate, invoice on the road. thanks.
qbo user. can't say i'm impressed. sure, it has your company info in it. but the most important functionality for a mobile user is time tracking. but there is no way to enter time on the run, in this app, that i can see.
not a fan of the newest update.... i've used this app for years. with the new update, i cannot log in with fingerprint anymore, nor can i record payments or make changes to invoices already created. bummer.
great app. for my business is been really helpful app. i'm a painter contractor, check job all day, if i need to send estimates and invoices now i can do it on the road.
just fine for a small business. if you are looking to get up and running quickly, then this will do just fine. the subscription is a little on the high side compared to sage's offering, but sage is a lot more difficult to use.
subscription renewal poorly thought out. i have been using qbonline for more than a year. it picked the worst time to time out and demand a subscription renewal. further it requires multiple logins and you must be st your desk top. nothing more frustrating than what amounts to a software crash when you are trying to get things done. huge fail quickbooks
simply outstanding. i'm floored by the convenience and utility of this app. good work, intuit!
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
if only i could run payroll. the only thing the app is missing is the ability to run payroll from the app. if it had payroll it would be a 5 star app rating.
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
predatory data collection. the app wouldn’t allow me to accept payment without my giving it geo location. why do you need it, other than to use it in ways completely unrelated to my bookkeeping? the app was already near useless. good bye qb app!
changed my business. this app has worked wonderfully. it fills the role of a second employee. accounting has never been so easy for both myself and for my clients to complete their bill.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
very limited!. i prepare weeks of invoices on my desktop for my 3 crews. unfortunate the online version rarely finds the invoices, and i end up having to go back to the old way of exporting pdf invoices. i feel like the desktop has so many flaws already, and the app is basically a worse version. i expect more from a legit company, but maybe i'm asking too much.
ammmmazing. this app is great !! only thing missing is appointment capabilities other than that the app is perfect.everything i need out of the office.
issues with addresses being in window of envelope. i used to be able to print off invoices and mail them to customers by folding in thirds. now i have to fold a special way to get the address to appear in the windows of the envelope.
quickbooks app. does not work well. needs a lot of improvements. each time i back up my files i end of with multiple copies on my ipad. have called several times and each time they blame the app developer which i have contacted but never heard back from them. poor program that needs fixing to get it up to good standards. do not recommend until they fix problems.
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
pretty good. it has improved over the years but still needs work. one thing that needs improved is that once an invoice is created its harder to edit a line item without deleting it and reentering the line item. entering payments is not as easy with the app is it is with the web based version. i always use the web based version when possible.
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
office. excellent app
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
open & closes. what's going on. the app just open and closes on my ipad. i can access is on my iphone, but the ipad version is not accessible.
quickbooks online is a lifesaver!. we have a small family owned and operated business. i love the simple user interface that quickbooks online uses. it's very easy to get started with and it saves us so much time. the reports are clean and well put together and it gives me so much flexibility when categorizing expenses. it also integrates perfectly with our square card reader and gives us the option to attach receipts. all around perfect bookkeeping software for people on the move!
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
please update. please update app or bring previous version constantly downloading customer data that takes forever and then get errors please fix quick
it's exactly the apps i need. simple to use. have all the features i need for my food truck business
sales. it would be nice if you could take the copy of a receipt prior to that posting on quickbooks to save it for when the actual download appears. if that could be perfected i would give it a five star
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
quickbooks app. i find this app to be the most useful app on my phone to run my yard care business due to be able to add jobs that have been done right on my phone to make it easier to remember what's been done
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
awful app  doesn’t fully sync with online data. i keep getting notifications about a 6 month overdue invoice, which i used for testing. however, when you try and remove the invoice, it can’t find it. the online version is fine if a little overpriced for soletrader business, but this app, which costs nothing, is worth exactly that. it’s next to useless.
simple and easy. i find the app and the computer program simple and easy to navigate. i operate my small business using quickbooks and i am yet to have an issue.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
ok when it works.. this app is ok when it works but if intuit is having issues, they will never admit it and they will leave you hanging for up to a day or more without help! not worth the money.
amazing app. i love this app makes everything easier for me and faster. this app is amazing i just love it!
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
touchid. touchid or pincode does not seem to work for login. it never gets asked when the app starts even after enabled. please fix. thanks.
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
new update has stopped my app from working!!!. since the update i now can’t accept anything or change anything!!! the only thing i can do it add the expenses!!!! sort it out please!!!!!
simplicity and ease. i am new to quickbooks online but absolutely love how simple the app is. it creates time and space in my personal life.
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
limited functionality. the app has very little of the on line functionality. and the on line version of qb has less functionality than the desktop pro version that i used previously. very much regret going to the on line version.
i love this better than their computer program!!!!. i love this app better than my computer program they have, it's easier to use & easier to track your expenses & sales. i recommend this to all my friends that basically run their business out of a vehicle saves on extra work when you get home.
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
mileage tracker, not working. i have emailed for help, chatted with online help and nothing is solved. the last response i got from the chat support was “oh.” there is something wrong with the app not my phone. i can’t even save mileage manually, i get an error that says “try back later” i am paying $40month, this needs to work.
great for handyman businesses. qb is great for me! i run a handyman business and my office is at my clients place or in my truck. i can sent estimatesinvoices while i am on site. it so nice because i use my tablet or phone when i’m on the road and when i’m home i can use qb on my computer and everything is automatically updated
nick name. works for mobile receipts, entering expenses is really nice as you can take a picture of the receipt. even has limited reports. i don't understand all the bad reviews. what do you want it to do? for hvac contractor like me, it works really good.
don't make me log in repeatedly. it's an app.. ux execution for this company is repeatedly abysmal. i have an account. i download the app. i activate thumbprint authentication. and they repeated log me out and have me sign in again as though i'm a new user to a web site. this kind of crap ux plagues this app in the most annoying spots.
freelance business functions like agency. this app is brilliant. i can check the status of invoices, p&l's, reference invoices, and client trends. best business app i have on my phone!
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
keep getting stuck. this is the first time i am using this app and in keep getting stuck after every two, three transactions
great but.... most things work but bank account updates sometimes allocates funds to wrong invoices meaning you have to double check. also, petty cash reconciliation can be hit and miss. other than that, a big asset to my business. would be 5 stars, but for the above.
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
disappointed. i’ve been using the phone app for a year now. when the app works it is fine however it constantly freezes and my only option is to restart my phone. i have deleted and downloaded the app several times but it has not fixed the issues.
great app. thanks
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
doesn’t work on ios13. hoping for another update as it doesn’t work on ios13
professional.. this app helps me quickly and easily stay looking professional and on time with my invoices and government payments
super appli qui a changé ma vie.. gain de temps faramineux dans mon activité. et j’ai une vue instantanée sur le business. mon expert comptable est ravi en plus car il ne perd plus de temps sur la saisie que je ne voulais plus payer et la collecte qui m’embêtait.
don’t waste your time. the developer is very slow to fix bugs and non responsive when a complaint or ticket is generated. the tax rates are a total mess in the app. there is very little control over adding new or editing existing rates generated by qb while using the online version. any time i use an apple product i have the same issue.
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses. all from my phone
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
i can't run a business with quick books. the format is different on my ipad that it is on my iphone. i don't have the ability to do half the stuff i can do from my computer, which is a huge inconvenience when i'm in the field. i wouldn't recommend quickbooks or the apps to anybody.
great software. thanks
can't save invoices. love the app but after the latest update, i am no longer able to save invoices. most of my business is done through the mobile app, so this is a vital component. please remedy as soon as possible. thanks.
slow.. not was easy as before. not much function as before. some new function was not useful
great app. great app for busy people! this is really useful for trades people and consultants. highly recommend, super easy to use
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
it was barely ok to start with!. i had used quickbooks for several years and then went to the online version. i liked the features it had, but really didn’t like the 600.00 a year fee. for the most part it worked, but never all of the time. then when they raised the subscription price to 720.00 a year, that was it. i said good bye and found another program. no regrets!
great for small business. i run a small business mostly through through etsy. this is a great program to keep track of finances. the only thing i wish is it would integrate paypal here payments like it does square. it would be amazing if it could do the same with etsy. alas, i have to type them in by hand. i love the integrate on my iphone, ipad and macbook. it is very streamlined.
it's ok not bad. it does the primary functions fine. gives you a decent insight with the new dashboard. one glitch is that it shows deleted invoices as past due.
needs to be qb online, this app is something else entirely.. the ipad version of this program (and android for that matter) really need to match  exactly match  the web version accessed through quickbooks online in a web browser. the differences are notable, and the experience moving from one version to another is unpleasant. i can’t recommend the ipad version of this program.
great product. i couldn't be happier with this app is the best of the best, probably the purchase i ever done for my business
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
business owner must have. great app to work on the go. create, modify and email invoices. keep track of anything financial on your handheld device. fully automated office on the go for the busy self employed entrepreneur.
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
great support. we use the app almost exclusively to keep our business mobile. recently had an issue and contacted customer chat to get it resolved. they had me screen record it happening and said they would push to engineering for fix. honestly didn’t expect anything fast but they fixed the issue and included it in the new patch. it’s been about a week or less so a big thank you the support teams for getting it fixed and getting us back to normal.
improve your customer service. the program it’s self is easy to use, but if you need to call the customer service you have to request it by logging on and emailtext or the other problem is they don’t speak english well. with increasing prices they should have great customer service just saying!
waste of valuable time.. all i wanted was a simple app to send 1 (one) out of state customer an invoice at the end of the month. my other 2 (two) customers don't really need one. took an hour to set it up and a couple more to figure out i was declined. just wanted something simple.
great app love it !!!. makes my work so much easier
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
price hike ambush. ya not happy with them raising the price of service without notice. also adding parts can very slow.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time. it works great with my small business to easily access invoices as well as the payment logs.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
useless. app is slow and hard to use.
very useful application. it really helps me stay up to the minute with my business goings on.
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
less than useless. this app does not interface enough of the information from the desktop version. reports are raw numbers and can’t pull up any supporting information. p&l is worthless. the desktop version seems to miss the point of accounting software. ie making all your information easy to input then easy to analyze in reports. this does neither. qbpro etc was far easier to navigate without the slick graphics and colors. aaaaaargh!
love the qbo. mobile expense posting is cool
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
rip off. installed as companion to desktop. feature guide limited to decide which online version to choose. chose simple version since my needs are simple... no, wrong version, could i upgrade, no... support desk said i’d then lose the introductory half price... changed version... losing £6... chose next tier up for billing, £9 per month... no, wrong version again... so i’ve lost £15 and now need to upgrade to the plus version... beware folks, money grabbing machine.
love the software. understanding that all software are more friendly on the actual computer than in the cell app, even though, the cell app is very helpful for invoices, estimates, reminders for payments “on the go” just to mention a couple of them. being an 8 years user from checkmark multiledger and payroll and making the transition to quickbooks is just a huge step forward and very efficient for my firm.
expenses. you cannot cost expenses to a particular job or client
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and redownload it relogin yeah that doesn’t work.
awesome. love it , great app.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
terrible. qbo is probably the worst software i've used since the late 1990's. it is full of bugs, feature shortcomings, and poor support. we've been working with their certified professionals for months and they barely know how the online version works. i'd strongly recommend using any other accounting platform.
nice app. nice app, quick and easy. smart invoices and bank matches. i don't like paypal, so wouldn't use that payment option.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
where is the payroll functionality?!?!. the app seems to intentionally not include payroll functionality, that’s what i need most! f
great, clean app. although it's yet another expense for your business, it's well worth every cent. more of an investment for us and we use it for four different companies (yes four times the subscription fee). regardless, it will manage your company's finances as they should be. leaving you with less hassle and worries about your accounts and more time to focus on more important entrepreneurial things.
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
couldn’t be worse. worst customer service out there. pulled money out of my account when they made a mistake.
really good, works seamlessly. great for book keeper and employees. very user friendly and a pleasure to use and recommend
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
application ios. bonjour, enfin l’application ios a quand les prochaines mise à jour ? 1 adresse d’expédition inexistant dans les factures et les devis ? 2 impossible accéder au facture qui se trouve dans les brouillons 3 impossible de rapprocher les opérations avec la banque en ligne 4 impossible de mettre des pièces jointe dans les factures et devis
love quickbooks. we have a small business and quickbooks is so simple and straightforward to use, it saves us so much time, and i can write and send invoices straight from my phone! love it.
"communicates across platforms. i enjoy being able to enter an expense on my phone app and see it on my laptop. i have had to discontinue the ""mac app"" on my new macbook because it shuts down or tries to log in without letting me enter the password and ends up in an endless loop. i just use the web version and that seems to be ok. i wish the easy to use features on my phone were as easy on the laptop."
bug. current iphone version doesn’t let me enter expenses. every time i try, i get an “error: please choose a template before saving.” huh?
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
do not sign up using the app. signing up from the app store restricts how you can use quickbooks online. you will not be able to change basic setting like email address or password. sign up from a desktop. then you can login to the app later.
very easy to use. makes dealing with finances very straightforward even on the road. great interface and reports. recommended!
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
not accurate. the data on the app does not match the data on my computer when logged into qbo. this gets worse with the more time that passes by. the only way to fix this, at least temporarily, is to uninstall the app from my phone and reinstall it again. that is a real pain! i will now delete the app all together!,
this app makes being a business owner much more enjoyable. to be able to keep track of finances, outgoing & ongoing charges made all the difference for my small business.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
overly complicated for sole prop. this app is useless for simple small business money in money out, it shouldn’t be this hard and definitely not worth the fight
great app overall. great improvement to the app. can pull up a lot of information on demand. still need some better viewing of bank register on the app. also need to be able to click on expenses in p&l to drill down into the detail. still a great app, but areas to improve.
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
qb online is terrible. the most glitchy software ever!
great upgrade. great apps. it would be the best, if i was able to enter a bill.
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
great small business app. i've been using it for a year and it has made my life so much easier. customers can pay progressively. i log on 2030x a day for inputting expenses, billing customers, creating quick estimates and i have never had it not work for me. although it is very expensive combined with quickepay (quickens version of the square reader)
entering in items.. when i enter in items if i forget something it won’t let me put an item that i missed between two items that have already written down i have to put it at the end. i want to enter in all my items and then pick the order of the items.
crashing. updated to ios 13 and now the app keeps crashing after face id, please get this sorted as i can’t run my business
easy to use, innovative and mobile friendly. we have been using qb at australiance.com for almost a year and i would not go back to my previous accounting software. the interface with paypal works well and save heaps of time for our online sales. it s easy to create expenses (e.g. business lunches etc), quotes or invoices on the go with the app + always know your bank account position as it interfaces directly with it.
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month.
does the job. very effective app to make small business owners productive.
good but this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
banking. great app just the banking doesn’t always pull over on fist couple tries to load transactions
newest update issue. hi, i love this app and it normally works great. when i updated my ipad, i can no longer take payments because of a weird glitch that keeps the total amount $0 even if the item is $25. i emailed with screenshots. giving you a heads up to look for that. at the moment, i can’t process any payments. it’s frustrating! thank you.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
won't let us start a new tax rate. the best app will not allow us to start collecting taxes. every time we initiate the tax rate and try to save it it simply says it cant perform that function please go to settings and let us know. it's ridiculous that a book keeping app as large as qb's is that such remedial tasks are often frustrating.
love qbo it's fantastic.. this app rocks. i can see they are adding more features.
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
great but has a long way to go. was so excited to migrate to qbo but now that i'm here, there are so much important elements that are not here  bills payment stub or remittance advise doesnt even have a reference or a check #.
app is great for any business. i have a small business and this application is awesome. especially if you have a mobile business. this make like so much easier for your customer to pay online. inventory management is very easy to use and update
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
lagging after update. i just updated the app it is lagging on both my i pads.
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
great app!. i'm in love with this app, too bad that the proadvisor app doesn't work as sharp (doesn't work at all).
glitchy. only problem is if you’re doing a live estimate or invoice, if your screen goes idle this app makes you log in again and you lose all the information you’ve typed in. super annoying especially when you’re measuring out a house or doing a walk through with a client and entering information as you go.
great accounting app. very happy with my quickbooks app.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
slowwww. it's embarassing when a client has to wait endlessly for a receipt, quote, or invoice. every other app postpones uploads or uploads in the background so you can move within the app without delay. instead of that simple convenience, you must wait and wait if in a service area at 12 cell or wifi strength or less. i can tolerate a delay in emailed receipts. i can't put up with not being able to produce one on screen in under 5 minutes.
business on the run. quickbooks online with the ios app make operating a travel based business on the run simple. log invoices as you go. input estimates along the way. print and mail or email all at once at the end of the day. not to mention the helpful reports and expense management. i couldn't run my business without it.
très bon programme. plus de travail pour entrer les dépenses! quickbooks va importer les transactions directement du compte de banque automatiquement!
background usage accounts for 50 percent of battery life. this app completely drains my battery. i thought my battery was broken and was about to replace it, but apple tech report suggested i check on battery usage by app and i discovered quickbooks was the culprit.
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
ios 11 not ready? lot of bugs and crashes. every time i’m make a new invoice it crashes and take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
user friendly. works great!. great app for running a small business. easy to use for estimates, invoicing, accounts receivable, etc. can't wait to integrate it with our payroll to make billing for labor even easier. highly recommend.
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
awful. bloody slow!!
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments. would be nice if inventory feature wasn't additional cost
great app but signs you out a lot. this is a great app and it works almost perfect but there's one really annoying issue. the app signed you out a lot and doesn't give you the option of entering back in with touch id but rather having to annoyingly enter your password. please fix this as touch id makes life so much more convenient rather than entering your password. doesn't always happen but more often than it should.
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
roy. great for on the go work. would be even better if you could request payment from the app. (ipn) then you get a 10 star.
my company has grown with quickbooks. i logged in my first invoice in quickbooks the summer of 2001 when i started my first business. over the years, i have not used any other software other than.
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
great. nice app! works well for what i need!
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
love it!. so far the app is easy to navigate and i like using it.
co owner. we opened a small furniture and decor store. we use quickbooks online with few problems, however the go payments part was terrible. on our opening day it couldn't process 5 credit card transactions and has been sporadic ever since. we bought a new i pad hoping the faster processor would help wrong.
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
from xero to quickbooks. i went from sage line 50 (blinkin' expensive but brilliant if your an accountant) to xero (very good for basic invoices but no estimate facilities on the app, no good for my job) to quickbooks online. easy to use. does what i need. reliable and relatively quick.
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
not bad. categorising expenses has been incredibly time consuming to say the least. once you have your data in order you can start to make some decent reports but just getting over that initial hump is frustrating. shortening loadsave times along with better tabular data editing tools would make a big difference.
they do not fix bugs at all.. constant new annoying bugs that have been around for years now. i have written multiple times to help make them aware, now i have been writing complaints and still no fixes. am literally logging into the app every single time i open it. i have to use this app for my work. no choice. but if you have a choice then you should choose literally any other app. this company is terrible.
great app. i actually love this thing. it's pretty easy to use once you come to understand some of the functions. daunting at first but learning curve isn't too steep. helped me make sense of my numbers.
touch id. can we get touch id support to replace the pin?! otherwise very good product.
no customer support. this is potentially a great app, but customer support is nonexistent  3 emails sent and 2 weeks waiting for a reply to a subscription issue.
finally!!!. finally, quickbooks has catered for the truly 'on the go'...and the app is really good too! well done intuit! just need to make this drive down the cost now and then we would really be goo :)
great for attaching receipts, not for entering expenses. i love being able to take photos of invoices and receipts and directly attach them to the expense. however, i am unable to add expenses because the app does not have access to my accounts or categories. if there was even a save as a draft option, i would give this a 55. however, i am not able to save any input if i can’t add the account or categories.
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
business on the run. quickbooks online with the ios app make operating a travel based business on the run simple. log invoices as you go. input estimates along the way. print and mail or email all at once at the end of the day. not to mention the helpful reports and expense management. i couldn't run my business without it.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
user role permission not supported. custom user role not supported on ipad. quickbooks recommends you to use online but the invoice interface is “blowout from screen” in chrome and safari and no available signature from customer. its annoying to use it online. this happens, at least, when the user have custom role, just permission for sales for instance.
quite easy to use. great for my phone, just wished when i used it on my ipad or my laptop but it automatically populated or searched for current clients in my contacts.
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
excellent. wonderful app to use. very handy when working out in the field. easy to get on the phone with a live person for any and all questions.
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
no payroll. subscribed to payroll using desktop at the office, tried to access using iphone app on the field but could not find it. waste of money!
great stable app that keeps getting better and better!. gives me access to everything i want but i'm on the go or just don't want to pick up the computer or tablet.
prices keep going up. prices keep gong up. it has doubled since i started.
touch id broken. touch id no longer works to login to quickbooks after the latest update.
saves time = saving money. great way to save time in keeping track of your business expenses and income. worth every penny for me saves me about 48 hours a week in managing my books and business.
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
the worst customer service ever. don’t waist your time. trust my word. update. i’m paying for 3 of the same app now and still can’t get any help.
great program. i am a startup welding company, so computers are not my strong suit. literally self taught with qb’s help section, and a couple video tutorials. i mange my companies financials, expenses and payables on my own. this is a big feat being a neanderthal who sticks metal together.
good but. have had issues logging in or not accepting password
can't save to send out invoices. i've used qb since 2000. always satisfied. just today the iphone app is not working accordingly. the app is not saving my invoices, which then allows me to send to clients. i tried customer service. all i got was ringing and transfers to other ringing. not sure what has hanged now i'm sitting here with no way to send out my monthly invoices.
small businesses best friend. if you have a small business this should be the first thing that you get. having this on your phone to do invoices on the spot is the only way to go.
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
best alternative for mac users. my accountant wouldn't work with the mac version 2013, so he suggested we use quickbooks online. having the ability to manage the business from anywhere, on any mac or idevice, is a game changer!
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
app does not open. after the latest update, the app does not open. it has been a real inconvenience.
cloud attachments  well done!. i've been waiting years for the ability to attach files to an invoice from a cloudbased source and it's finally here in this release. thank you! now my computer usage is 99% ios, independent of a desktop.
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
great when it works.... this was a great boon for our mobile business. gives us versatility and makes us streamline our accounting. beware of app upgrades. all our iphone 5s phones suddenly stopped creating invoice items which rendered us unable to charge customers. for two week we attempted to remedy the problem with intuit to no avail. they finally told us to contact apple about their (intuit) app. made no sense. they get you to depend on their app then don't support it.
great app!. only complaint is i wish i could create a invoice and with the total job and then invoice for a smaller amount keeping the job total on the same invoice if that makes sense. no other complaints. overall i would recommend to anyone!
never disappointed. best accounting software available!
too much and too little.. the various plans either offer too many bells and whistles or not enough basic functions for a small company. tons of redundant functions, and glitches are rampant. and quite frankly, except for the 12 year beginning subscriptions, the plan prices are overly expensive. cannot recommend this programapp at all.
convenient. the mobile features are easy to use. still getting it organized. i'll update as i get more familiar with it.
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
"gary. customers complain that they cannot see your company's remittance address and are confused by the presence of a ""pay now"" button which doesn't work unless your company subscribes to additional services and fees."
needs a calendar interface. great app, a clickable calendar link would make it more user friendly. also needs the ability to edit notes on products and services.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
unexpected error 10000. iphone 6s plus. would love to know why i always get this message. i'm unable to use app at all.
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone, and i can process things quickly and easily without having the panic of having to beside the computer 247. great
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
touch id still doesn't work. they said they fixed touch id but if you do not use the app for a while it prompts you for a password every time still. app works pretty well otherwise for quick checking of accounts and expenses. actually putting expenses andor invoices can be a little cumbersome. i'd rather use everything online.
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
terrible product and now doesn't even connect. previous reviews are on the money, this app is terribly crippled on ipad and mobile. to make it worse some days, like today i can't even connect to do these limited tasks. intuit please wake up before you get rolled over like blackberry!!!
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
insecure data. though all the great features are available on quickbooks online, company using it are high insecure because any one gets access to the user name and password maliciously could steal the firms data. i could have given it four stars if it had security features like vpn.
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
brilliant app. quickbooks is an amazing app. i'm an electrician with a small business, so i need something quick and easy when i'm in the field. entering expenses and creating invoices is so easy on my tablet andor phone saving me hours per week. great work...i'm very impressed!
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
crashes. upgraded to ios 10, now app will no open.
great software for small business.. only complaint is that i'm always greeted by a pop up, asking me to rate the app, which i grow weary of, so here i am.
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
mr. doesn't work on ipad pro or iphone. it says my subscription has expired. i have had it for several years and it still works on macbook but on ios it thinks i am on a free trial until 13th april but still locks me out saying i need to update my subscription. it is useless to me if it won,t work on ipad because i photograph all my receipts into the app. will cancel subscription if it doesn't work soon.
can't imagine not using quickbooks!. so much easier that our previous accounts package. so many apps and addons you can build a complete solution what ever business your in.
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
impressed. i put off upgrading to online version after using quickbooks pro for five years, struggling to enter online direct debit expenses and payments. online version makes entering data easy and efficient. such a time saver for me. well done intuit! definitely worth the monthly subscription fee.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
do it if you can get it to work. i loved the mobil app but intuit doesn't support it any longer. they want you to do the $54.00month hosting instead. i called twice today to try to get this app working and they said it wasn't their app. if you can get this to sync with you qb software, go for it.
fits my needs. easy app, portable. thank you
okay app. the apps okay to keep you updated on overdue accounts and to see what has been paid.
doesn’t always work. says it can’t show details on invoices. annoying.
a reasonable resource. while it doesn't have all the features that the web application does, it is still an invaluable resource to have at my fingertips to ensure i am staying up to date on most of my expenses and invoicing. i am happy with this app.
works good, but could be better. the app has good functionality but is missing some key aspects of the online system. the app doesn't do payroll or purchase orders which is limiting. purchase orders would make it almost perfect.
fix the receipt picture big please. on the past several months i've had to take every receipt image twice before it shows up in the app. i actually lost several receipts (because i didn't realize that the first image was not uploading) before even realizing this was an issue. otherwise, this has been a great app for my purpose. i'll bump this to a 5 star if that issues gets resolved.
brilliant app with loads of features!. so easy to use. so easy to learn. instant bank feeds. invite your accountant & bookkeeper & other users. so much support from intuit & the australian team. what's not to like? intuit have put together a great product for the small to medium business owner. thoroughly recommend this product.
ok but needs work. we have 4 ipad2 running his app to invoice and do estimates on the go. much better and faster than previous versions. would still like to see some type of service form so we can make multiple service calls on a project then tally up and invoice together. also the new activity page doesn't show sent info on invoices and estimates. that was very helpful. they should put it back in. overall better.
opens the closes. after the last update of quick books i can not access it on my ipad. there for it is costing me money. i hit the app it opens the closes right back. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it is the same thing. i have 3 jobs i did today that i could not take payment on because of this. please fix asap
just one small bug. great app, easy to create invoices on the road and track payments. just a small bug, when i click on terms in invoice the app just crashes. other than that it's fantastic.
plumbing company. good product, customertech service could use some more training.
not support for iphone xs max. i tried to use for invoice purpose but always pop out and can’t use
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
app crashes. the app crashes immediately when i try to open it. i haven’t been able to use the app for a few months now which is quite disappointing considering i pay for its services.
convenient accounting app. super usefull app, get you at the top of your finances, recommended!!!
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
not happy. doesnt let me connect my bank (santander) asks for a code that i dont know or my bank 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ useless
for the little guys. very handy tool for a two person office staff.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
crashes almost immediately. running ios 12 and then 13 on an iphone 8. installed the app. put my login info in. accepted that no problem. then boom. app crashes and i’m back to my iphone home screen. rebooted my phone. deleted and reinstalled the app. makes no difference. still crashes. having this app was a big factor in my decision to run my business on quickbooks and now i’m reconsidering that before i get any deeper.
the best app out there by far. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far. every update includes a very useful useable option. 👌🏽👌🏽
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
"worse accounting program. you have to go through multiple screens for a simple tasks. there is functionality in the app that's not available in the desktop which is unusual for an accounting program. automation and ""how to"" help menus are nearly nonexistent."
i recommend for on the go companies. i have been using the app for a year and it has work great for me no downtime and easy access on my phone. great app!
latest update works with ios13. normal operation resumed.
keeps crashing since update.. app is pretty good, unusable with crashes since the new ios came out.
great application for balancing books!!!. quickbooks online makes invoicing really easy to keep track of, not letting out your accounts to balance up with your deposits on regular basis. i would recommend all small businesses to go with quickbooks
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
crashes. crashes during loading on ios 9. won't make it past log in screen. qb should have been prepared for the new ios release.
quickbooks app. great app makes my pool service business invoicing a breeze. i'm able to invoice on the job rather than back at the office. the time i save pays for the app every month. the only thing i'd like to see is either automatic statements or be able to send statements from my phone. thanks intuit
works well. app is adequate. performs most functions that i need on the quick. would like more report options. biggest complaint is the need to continuously enter account and password. i have enabled touch id. only about 25% does the app actually use touch id. rest forced to enter password.
inapp purchase, but not stated in advance. rt
love it. i am an accountant and this is the software i use and recommend to all of my customers.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
not good. quite possibly one of the worst apps ever.
great app. i use this app every day.
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
still doesn't work. touch id is still not working. must manually log in to the app each time i use it throughout the day. this is super annoying not to mention time consuming. and time is money!
great app. great app links well details on the laptop. can create invoices on as soon as the job is finished.
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
great piece of kit for small business. i have a small business servicing skis and selling waxes from home, i had to send all my invoices out using a word template, this has streamlined all my admin and accounting processes leaving me more time to work with my customers equipment. highly recommended
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
can't login in app. why can't login in app?!
quickbooks app. as a finally self employed electrician after many many years in the trade i decided to try qb online & it is quite simply amazing, easy, intuitive, versatile & very good value, looks professional and cannot recommend higher. thank you, matt m.b.s. electrical, jersey
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
inferior to qb online on desktop. qb app on ipad or android does not not have even half of the features that qb online has on a desktop. i can manage basic invoicing, basic expenses, see transactions, and pull up basic reports... everything about this app is basic. i have to actually be on my desktop to access the full features of qb online. very dissapointed.
great for my business. ❤️ this program
very useful!. this app is very useful for my small internet cafe business. i can track anytime my sales and expenses. reports are generated realtime, no need to wait for your accountant. the app needs to improve the touch id system because it requires you to input the password after you have closed the app.
latest update messed it up. this app worked great  until the latest update!! fix it
works well!. this app does what i need it to do. i'm an electrical contractor and i'm able to do all the bookkeeping myself with just a little help. i like the ability to make invoices on the job, enter receipts at stores, and view the status of customers. i would suggest this for any small business. i use the basic service ($10mth) and it's well worth it.
quickbooks on the go. i'm rating this so it will stop asking me in the app every time i open it.
cannot link to amex. caution, you can no longer use the mobile app to link to your american express account. i first installed it in 2015 it was awesome because it linked to my american express account and i could go through and enter them into quickbooks very easily. now unfortunately they have just simply discontinued that feature for some reason and their technical support people refuse to even acknowledge that they used to do it in the first place
great!. new to the app, but so far it is great! especially when coming from doing everything manually with spreadsheets and boxes of receipts. much better than the qb for mac 2015 i tried.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
"fees on fees. while the app itself works and is fairly handy, i strongly advise against quickbooks as a company. i signed on as a business owner for $6.95 a month and was immediately slapped with over $100 in fees hidden in ""fine print"". worse is the utter inability to get any customer support from intuit. i canceled my subscription and despite already paying for the month, lost access immediately and lost all of my records. then i got billed again. stay away."
convenient. qbo is very convenient for checking biz summary on the go. especially if you are traveling and client asking for some info. invoicing is pretty easy too.
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
they just keep changing the app.. my biggest complaint about the app is the limited features on customer entries. the pc version you can enter a customer as tax exempt on the phone you can't. further if you open the customer information on the phone and save it it will clear the tax exempt status on the pc version as well. so it is a constant battle to keep who is and isn't exempt straight.
there’s just 1 thing... i have been loving the way this program functions. the only thing i continually wish for is that i would be notified when a customer opens an estimate, not just the invoice.
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
great app & program  must improve search engine. fantastic program with brilliant features. it does need some urgent fixes. one being to be able to search through an account such as cash sales and be able to find a name, address or phone number.
best addition for any business on the go!. the free trial was amazing. my favorite part is having the ability to send invoices. while setting up my merchant services, customer support was kind and easy to work with. now it's easier to bill my clients from my phone. i track everything. get the quickbooks app. you won't regret it!
awsome software. that is a great app but still far away from the desktop program .... limited access for a lot futures it's ok but not wow for the yearly cost
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
great app. i've been a qb user since the early 90's. the app keeps getting better with greater functionally. i'm confident that all functions will be available on the app in future release. i use this app all day to create estimates and bill customers. it's great.
connecting my business. as a carpender who has been in business for almost 20 years switching over to quickbooks this year has allowed a much more efficient process. the phone app has changed the speed at which i can respond to customers.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
decent. if there was a crash course in it, it could be the best app but it still gets the job done 😁
bom. mas por favor criem a opção de exportar o orçamento direto pelo whatsapp 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
great product. please please don't stop the mobile app
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
garbage. total trash from the moment of sign up. every single step has been brutal, customer service is non existent and now we have to file dispute through our bank because intuit refuses to cooperate or help with anything. do not use this service. i see them bankrupt within the next few years. customers make the business and they do not care about their customers.
great app. i love this app. it's very helpful and easy to use. keeps everything organized and in order easy to look up at any time. i highly recommend it for all small businesses. it will definitely make your life a lot easier.
mr. recent updates have slowed both the phone and computer app to a crawl. very frustrating. otherwise a very good app on my phone.
no ability. i download the app and signed up, then i realized that i have to be self employed
"love the convenience. love the app, but please add an option for ""inclusive tax"". so easy to build and send invoices, post payments, create estimates, etc....."
needs more features. we need to be able to use this like the computer version reconciling and printing checks and deposit slips and it's slow
touch id still doesn't work. despite what intuit claims about the new update. smh.
makes business happen!. this powerful app makes my business happen! very easy to make sales on the go and keep track of all my ins and outs. thank you!
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
worst app ever ! not reliable. been using qb for may years, the last few years have been tough for them. we use our mobile app constantly, but it has many issues. it constantly crashes and some day it just won't open. not acceptable. we have taken to customers service many times, but the problems still persist. i get it growing pains right ? is just too much. we are looking for an alternative software like cero. sad but qb get 1 star .
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
i am impressed!. i had to leave a review after being able to set up a new customer and then bill them all from my iphone! not a detail was missing compared to the desktop cloud version of quick books. good job intuit!
would be great if it worked like it should. i keep getting error message 6000 when trying to save a new client on my ipad not sure what the heck that is but can't find anything online that discusses it.
seems to work decently. it crashes occasionally but so far i like being able to addmatch transactions while laying on the couch
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
touchid times out. unfortunately the touchid authentication doesn't work as you'd expect. the app constantly asks for you to enter a password even with it enabled.
interstate_g. i’m a young entrepreneur. no degrees and some college classes in my background. when i say that this app is easy and straightforward forward, helps me run my business, and does most of the work. easy is an understatement. if accounting is your barrier in your buisness look no harder cause qb is the answer.
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
brilliant. i love the qb app. can invoice on the job. wish i'd used it sooner.
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
very frustrating. i can't understand why quickbooks refuses to put time tracking in their mobile app. time tracking is weak at best on a desktop but excluding it on mobile makes no sense. as a graphic designer who only sells time, this is close to worthless.
love this app. works great and i can navigate and make invoices and track everything in one app! i love it
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
glitches. app has lots of glitches. try to create an invoice and it was not working. quickbooks has been awesome up to this point. i run my whole business through quickbooks in this new update has been a disappointment. should've left it alone!
very good app missing one feature. i've had quickbooks for 3 yrs and love the new app one thing missing is a milage tracker in the program had one on the desktop version so now i have to use a separate app to track business milage.
paie. il serait vraiment apprécié de pouvoir entrer le temps travailler pour nos employés.
app is digressing. over the weekend, a change made the customer not viewable or searchable for invoices. extremely inconvenient as this has always been the case and now it has been removed and all you can see is invoice numbers.
love it!!!. i am a tile contractor and use this app everyday. i love the latest update where the customer can sign the estimate.
just like the web version. the new updates are great. it's just like the web version minus tax lodgements which is possibly due to regional differences. the only gripe i have is the lack of keyboard integration which means you will need to use the touch screen but it's an ipad app so can't really complain there.
zero stars 10.3 is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
great app but could use some improvement.. this is a great application to have access to while on the go. if it would update the profits and losses more accurately than i believe this would be well worth 5 stars. overall a great app.
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
have to improve in customer support. an ok app for small business.. but horrible customer service.. first starters, you have to call them only during pacific time hours..? so i’m in delaware, which means, if i want to reach them i have to wait to get a live rep. then, their wait time is terrible.. 30+ minutes. ??? so one star for now.. once you guys improve in this area, i’ll be glad to recommend and change rating...
great companion app to the main qbo. i like this app a lot. it really helps run my business and to continually update my main desktop app.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
"rubbish. ""run your entire business""  what a joke. this app is pretty useless to do anything. quickbooks is already hard to use and this just doesn't help."
great small business app. just opened up my first company,being a one person office ,secretary, and boss this app is great to help micro manage all your small office responsibilities. it's a great app to email quick quotes onsite for that customer who looking for the job to get done asap. have to say this made my work day is alot easier and definitely is less complicated!!!!
mohammed salman 6s. superb app all ledger's are in just my pocket my request is to app developer suppliers options suppliers balance
horrible app even if subscribing!. subscribe to the app yet they want me to pay for a new subscription, waste of money for months!
great app!. help you keep track of your business records.
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
waste of time. don't waste your time if you want to access quickbooks on your ipad or tablet. needs a lot more work
easy to use. great app to use
muito bom. pode melhorar, ainda tem muitos bugs e erros do nada. mas o principal, deveria ter opção de compartilhar e orçamento por whatsapp, visto que apenas 1% dos clientes atuías requerem email, isso inclui empresas.
waste of money. it seems like they are doing what every other company is doing. charging more for less. switched over to qb online and it has been a waste of money. no customization what so ever. looking for another program with better interface.
pretty good but, but no bill entry????. i have found this to be somewhat helpful for reviewing expenses, but it would be fantastic if i was able to pay bills on the go. i would love to be able to keep my business mobile by using the camera to “scan” invoices and submit them for payment right from the app. a core function that is surprisingly absent. this is a must for future development. without it, the app just come up short...
presently surprised. i really did not want to move away from the desktop version i purchased, back when that was a thing. however, i am really enjoying being able to create invoices, collect payments, etc. while on the go. so i suppose i will get used to this payasyougo thing ;)
crash instantly on iphone 5. this app crashes instantly and doesn't operate on my iphone 5 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work. why don't you guys fix this?
bmb. i cannot connect with my canadian credit union. have been using app for several months now. it is both good and bad. i love that i can take my work with me to record with my ipad, but would like to be able to transfer transactions from quickbooks online to quickbooks pro 2014.
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
business made better. this has been a great experience. it has made billing especially easer and i'm getting paid sooner. two thumbs up. great tech support!!
i love it.. i used to have to enter in expenses and sales, but now all that stuff shows up automatically with my banks being connected. i love it!
incomplete. getting there very slowly. useful up to a point, but why not the ability to enter a bill, only an expense? and there's still no sales orders in any of the online versions. intuit needs to step up development to satisfy its longstanding quickbooks desktop customers.
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
excellent app for small business. been using this app for 2 years and we have no complaints. most efficient app for operating a small business. a+
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
hopeless. ever since my accountant asked to use it, the app is never able to retrieve any data keeps giving a message to say ‘unable to retrieve data’. what’s the point of the app if i can’t see the dashboard and data when i need to?
excellent app. this app is amazing, makes my life so easy and customer service is very helpful.. will definitely recommend. just one thing that needs working on, app does not sync with my barclays bank account so i have to export statements manually and upload to app, otherwise 5 star from me.
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
good product for on the go bookkeeping.. i have more than a few clients i do bookkeeping for. this apple ap does a good job of keeping up with their books. the bank feed is by far better than the desktop version and it can be done on my iphone. i moved my company books from the desktop to qbo so i can invoice on the go instead of waiting to get back to my office.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
don’t update!. so many bugs. a bunch of features have changed for the worse! running on ipad pro 11” ios 13.1.2
great tool for repetitive stuff. the app version is great for day to day functions.
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
"frustrating. the number one use for this app should be to keep track of activity on the go so you don't play catch up at the office. for me, not being able to bill my clients for expenses through the mobile platform renders this app basically useless. i still have to remember to log in and find the expenses of the day and mark them as ""billable expenses"" when i return to my computer?!?"
recommend!. quickbooks is a must have to swiftly complete business tasks like, estimates, invoices, etc.
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
a really great app. quick books is pretty much all you could ask for when running a small business. it's online so all information and invoices are accessible from any device with internet. great customisable options. only minor thing is its interface is slightly more complex than other appsprograms but once you know your way around your fine.
chrashing in estimates. the app is great, only hiccup is that it restarts as soon as i go into opening a new estimate
app isn’t working after updating to ios 13.. app isn’t working after updating to ios 13.
mgrm. great app
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
crash issues. this app crashes on the new iphone 11 pro max using ios 13. please release updates to resolve the issue.
great app!. our company switched from quickbooks desktop to the online version which came with the option to download the app. we now use the app more than online. we handle estimates, invoices, payments, banking and more directly in the app and on the go. the app has a simple and clean look making it easy to navigate. to date we haven't had any issues with it. we are excited to finally be able to get things done in less time!
crashing in on the reliable. overall not a great product  i actually do enjoy quickbooks online. but this app is just atrocious. history improve in so many ways just to get one more star out of me
not detailed enough. if they're going to let you invoice from the ipad, you should be able to enterchange and see all the fields that you can from a desktop the way you have set up your invoice format. i travel often and need to invoice from the road but can't send invoices the way they need to look  can't change ship to, can't use personalized fields. very disappointed in this app.
very good app.. really like this app.
good for review but limited functionality. this is a subset of qb online functions good for quick checking on the business but not a working system much like the ipad version of word or powerpoint you get to do a bit but need the full version for the program to be useful
connection issues. unable to load info most of the time.
best app for invoicing. hands down the best invoicing app i have found, it was recommended by another business owner and i am very pleased with the purchase.
works for me. the system is somewhat easy to use, and works for my purposes. although it's a shame that this is the only option from quickbooks for canadian mac users. not even a desktop version is available. if you have another option besides mac, it would be cheaper to own. you could get quickbooks pro for $250 for windows desktop. or pay 1 year of quickbooks essentials for $240.
new update keeps crashing. well ever hour or two it crashes while i am in the middle of looking things up or when i am making an estimate for a customer. and this is with the pastiest update. oh and it keeps telling me there is a new update, but i already have it. fix it, my renewal is coming up and you aren’t the only game in town
a1 app. i love this app ! i'm using it all day !
5050. good tool but it's slow in the network and chews threw battery.
always crashes and says critical updates are needed.. constantly crashing. new photo software sucks. can barely recognize the edge of a receipt against a black backround. have to edit every single photo.
great!. supeper user friendly aloha
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
rubbish with ipad. awful user experience working on ipad. and no consistency with menu options when using mobile and web app. it’s like using 2 different applications.
really good software. i just wish the software team will work on all the glitches and fix the way done windows freeze... also they need to add to quickbooks online and make it more flexible accounting wise just like the desktop version
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
app is digressing. over the weekend, a change made the customer not viewable or searchable for invoices. extremely inconvenient as this has always been the case and now it has been removed and all you can see is invoice numbers.
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
works seamlessly with desktop version. i love that i can use the app to connect with clients while i'm away from my desktop with ease. the ability to send an invoice in the moment has been great to keep me on track while i'm on the go!
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
get the updates right!!. app was a solid 4 stars before the most recent updates. extremely frustrating to use now....especially for the price.
works smoothly. can't tell you how much time i've saved tagging receipts in this app. simple and useful.
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
great app. user friendly for billing and collecting payments. also help with keeping up with customers invoice balance!
great. works pretty good. can't match partial payments. those must be exact match unless il missing something
slow response. that desktop version works great but the app is very slow. it takes more than 30 seconds just to launch the home screen.
constantly improving. great to see the new features, look forward to some more. smart, effect and smooth operations in all aspects of the software.
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
good. nice useful applications
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
quicken is better. this is far more cumbersome than quicken was. the help desk has not been much help either. wouldn’t you think as a business software it could put together a loan to a 3rd party with each payment allocated to the interest and principal due each month. quicken can !!
great app!. our company switched from quickbooks desktop to the online version which came with the option to download the app. we now use the app more than online. we handle estimates, invoices, payments, banking and more directly in the app and on the go. the app has a simple and clean look making it easy to navigate. to date we haven't had any issues with it. we are excited to finally be able to get things done in less time!
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
it's about time!. quickbooks online and the cloud sync apps for iphone and ipad is nothing short of amazing...it's about time and wow they did such an amazing job with the whole experience. i love that i can make a receipt for a customer on the spot on my iohone or ipad.
valerieh. works great! they should combine all features of quickbooks. too many separate parts or features of quickbooks that customers are being charged for
why!?!. this app and online program is insanely buggy. every time i try and open the app it takes five or six trys before it loads. once it loads i am satisfied at best with the user experience, but if my internet connection isn't a gig a second the app crashes. i wish i didn't pay for a years worth of service or i would delete it with extreme prejudice.
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
usefull but limited feature. the mobile version is usefull, fastr than desktop, but its very limited feature. there is no stock information, no account reports, need more improvement..
broken update. your update broke the app.
love the convenience. great app
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
app not working. the app won't open on my phone.... just says downoading company info. have already rebooted phone and reinstalled
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app. please add bills to the mobile apps.
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
great for my small business. integrates well with my online booking app and square reader. helps me to stay organized, spend less time doing administrative duties and more time to focus on what i love to do.
sparkyreviews. i used to use invoice2go but fed up of how complicated and expensive it became, quickbooks allows for easy invoicing and estimating from home or on site, also allows me to review incomings and outgoings to my bank easily, giving me more spare time, and saving me money as i don’t need my book keeper anymore! could not be happier with this product!
deceiving. it doesn’t show a price until you’ve finished setting it up then offers a 50% discount or pay full price. so i deleted it
great. i’m loving this app
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
as large a company as intuit is, where's the support?. i can't imagine that as large of a company as intuitquickbooks is that they can't fix these constant issues with this app. it's been working ok until this last update. i have to physically go to the help section and hit the refresh button for sales receipts to show received after i enter them. and as everyone else has pointed out, touchid is no longer working.
great app. helps make my business more efficient. this is a great tool for small business owners who are on the go. making invoices, estimates and tracking expenses with my iphone helps make things much more efficient. i wish there was a way to track hst, and generate simple reports within the app. automatic text recognition would be an awesome feature as well.
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
qb selfemployed ipad app please. why can’t we use the app on ipad?
easy to learn and use. everywhere access, integrated bank and credit card transactions. easy to create transactions on the road.
quickbooks online. the app can be frustrating at times to use, not enough flexibility. can't make up its mind wether to ask me to sign in or use finger print login. need option to control where deposits go.
crashes every time. when app is installed i can log in to my account. then the app says « downloading data » and when download is complete it crashes. if i open it again (so still logged in), i cant even get past the launch screen.
needs additional function. this is a great app for limited situations. it needs support for bills, deposits, and bill payments.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
poor payroll and after service tech support.. been waiting months to try and sort it out. hours on the phone. not worth the energy anymore. looking at zero as a worthwhile option. regret being tricked into the cheap price. pay peanuts you get monkeys.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
old version was better. the functionality of being able to invoice on the go is great but the reports were much better in the old version. used to be able to easily click who owes me and who i owe. wish this had the company snapshot report as a report option.
very good. very good and easy app.
kevin morton. easy. not using any other software.
6s, ios 9.x. it takes a while to learn the nuances of this app (and the online interface), but once you do, a decent enough experience awaits. note to devs: the app freezes anytime you review added attachments (eg, receipts) when inputting expenses.
great product. it's much easier to navigate, user friendly and worth every penny. the only con for me is not being able to switch between companies.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. great improvements in the app. extra features are a great bonus. well done. on iphone 7 the app crashes when upon opening banking is selected. i've reproduced 5 times.
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
solid except.... i like that it keeps sync of everything smoothly. there's no wait time, and if so i never notice it. it's fast and convenient. best accounting software hands down! the app is smoother than the mac desktop version, this should be fixed!
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
love it. perfect for quoting on the go!
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
latest update won't open!. latest update crashes immediately.
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
too many errors to count. i’ve been using mint for years and love it. this software on the other hand is terrible. save yourself the frustration and use anything else.
good app with a few issues. easy to use. easy to enter receipt into it. switching between companies is s pain you must log in and out to do that. overall a useful tool.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
no employee section. this app contains nothing to help your employees, only the business manager. quick books could’ve at least added support for timesheets and such since they no longer allow you to save your timesheet in mobile browsers.
i am truly loving this app. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
great app. only thing missing is the ability to track billable time with clients
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
touch id doesn't work. touch id still doesn't work. i just downloaded the most recent upgrade and touch id still doesn't work. i'm still required to enter my password each time i open the app. please fix. otherwise, i really like this app.
excelente app. intuit ha hecho un excelente trabajo de poner a la mano literalmente los libros de contabilidad de la práctica y de los clientes. totalmente funcional y fácil de usar.
too expensive. would give it 5 stars if it was cheaper $20 for just invoices give me a break
ipad integration has gotten much worse. there seems to be no way to run a detailed report. the help section is worseless. i’ve used qb for 20 years and it seems less trouble to learn another app than to continue. why remove functionality that used to be there?
great for working where ever!. i was a desktop user of quickbooks for years. i fought the change to quickbooks online. i couldn't of been more wrong! it is great to be able to access and enter or edit any invoices, send statements, etc. from any device whether it be laptop, iphone or ipad or desktop. make the switch!
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
critical simple feature still missing  for years!. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
great app. the best invoice maker i ever had! great services
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
way too limited. the app for the ipad is too basic. i can create an invoice and email or print but if i need to print an existing invoice there is no option to do this. after receiving payments there is no way to deposit them to my bank. i can't believe that qb would release an app before testing it. i am hoping that there will be an upgrade soon to make it functional. disappointed!
invoice. the only thing i don’t like is you can’t easily adjust invoices.
as a cpa, i think qboa is by far the best of the big three. it's better organised then myob and xero and accepts wpns which neither xero or myob will. the fact that it's half their price makes it an absolute winner
terrible support. the feature that you promote in your advertisement for this app shows a person recording his receipts wich mainly are cash or card paid. the options that you have as type of payments are cheque, credit or other. nobody this days pay by cheque or by credit receipts for small amounts!!!! totally useless!!!
supper great and easy. this is a time saver app
good by minor issues. works good in keeping up to date with customers and collections of money. sometimes has issues trying to log in.
not so good. i use the web based app and love it. the ipad & iphone app is not all that. i think qb should include a dashboard for the iphone & ipad.
the quickest cost effective solution!. pros streamlined nicely, easy to use, awesome price point! consnowhere to delegate and calculate non paid or invoices in collections and its a looong 2 days to pay day if attached to paypal.
working good for me.. the qb online is what i have started with. i use the app and pc to access it. so far so good. i also notice how often qb's is updating and i have watched this version evolve over the last 3 years. my bookkeepers and accountant like it for my needs. i do not use payroll. every time i have called customer service i have had attentive reps.
crashes after i hit “invoices”. love the app when it works please let me know what the fix is
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipadiphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
where's the touch password?. i use keychain so my quickboks password on my mac is super random, with dashes and strange symbols. i use quickbooks on my iphone so i can quickly add expenses when on the road and don't have a mac nearby. please add the touch password feature back in so the iphone app is convenient again.
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
awesome app!. best way to keep your finances organized!
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
worst customer support ever. worst customer support in history. using their software and need cs is the best ticket to drive you out of business.
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
gran sistema. é ora che si diffonda anche in italia....
crashes when trying take credit cards. crashing when trying to take credit card payments. not very helpful.
works like it should!. the app works well and most everything is in the same place as the desktop version.
not bad but lacking ocr features. great app but the expense features is lacking ocr functionality that other apps provide for free. qbo please add ocr and auto input of date, merchant and amount in the expense fields. it will be so much quicker to match.
app crashes on ios 9 and ios 10. when i click on support it takes you to a web page that also does not work properly. do you have email support ?
president. i’ve used quick books on line for a couple years now and i highly recommend it to every one i e spooked to. i’m on the road a lot and sometimes travel. any were i go i have a virtual office. i don’t have to skip a beat with the mobil app or the web based qb. just need to work i’m been able to submit statements from the app.
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
business management made easy.... quickbooks has taken the pain and most of the time out of bookkeeping for my photography business. it lets me spend my time working with customers and get invoices out promptly to get paid!
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the ipad and iphone is useless.
great app!. i was using quickbooks pro desktop 2013 before going to online 2016. all i can say is wow! i never realized how much i was missing. reconciling expenses with automatic bank and credit card transaction downloads can be done on my phone anywhere and anytime. no need to log into bank and manually download. huge time saver. also keeps me up to date on my finances with great reporting built in and at my fingertips.
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
needs to be full featured. i love the program but hate that i can’t do into my vendor bills on the app for ipad. i can’t enter them in or view them on ipad. i can on browser view but even it needs to update as everything gets cit off in chrome and when you click the menu button to hide it it does not slide everything over so you can see more.
mobile app. convenient.
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
owner. great app
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
update is lacking. bring back touch id. i have to use a password every time i login because the new update keeps turning off touch id every time i login even though i turn it back on every time. also current invoices will not load or refresh.
great app. keeps me up to date with my rental properties. i always know where the finances are. makes the end of the month so quick and easy to finalize. it's fun.
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
n entendi nd. tenho 17 anos, nao entendi nd, sou burra ou esse app é ruim? talvez a primeira opção, mas de qq forma n gostei
still new but helps. helps in knowing if profit and making reports easily
not bad. has some issues ... no consistency in how you log in ... one day by 4 digit pin , 1 hour later it wants the full email & password followed by a 6 digit pin via confirmation email . try to match payments incorrectly when the deposit clearly states who it's from ... 😳🔫 does do a good job with the bank feeds ... mostly .
extremely slow. painfully slow on both my mobile device and macbook. also, i have to refresh the app over and over to see the latest data. that wasn’t the case before. when i opened the app, it used to show the new data.
great app!. very useful and convenient app.
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
app is crap. the quickbooks app very rarely lets us sign in and when it does many of the functions do not work. i’ve contacted customer service which is a complete joke. their suggestion was to check out the message board to see who else may have the problem we have! why? how about fix the problem!
mr reviewer. it's good software & handy
system modify for the better. great system except when you send an invoice out there is no way to mark it that it has been sent out . so you constantly have to keep a note book with all the customers and what is going on with each individual invoice.
not good. it doesn't give access to all qb online features. i have to sign in online anyway. lots of error messages.
great app!. i love the flexibility of having my company info at all times.
great, but not quite perfect!. i love quickbooks. there are a lot of features that really make running my business a lot easier. however, while i can put in negative amounts using my computer or phone, i cannot while on my ipad. some attorneys will split the bill, but i cannot deduct by using negative amounts to show the full amount minus the amount due by the other party. i also miss being able to customize the invoice like we could before the update.
poor. need to put password in every time i start can't write a service invoice and an amount
great app. easy to setup and use.
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
powerful bookkeeping in your hand.. fantastic program to track costs, expenses, create invoices and it's all done to generally accepted accounting principles.
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
"rubbish. ""run your entire business""  what a joke. this app is pretty useless to do anything. quickbooks is already hard to use and this just doesn't help."
great. great app i use it everyday, makes invoices a breeze and makes it easier at the end of the year for tax purposes.
online quickbooks. quickbooks online is so different from the regular quickbooks. it will require a new learning curve to use it. hard to print payroll checks and regular checks reliably. it is handy to have things online, but it looks like we are a few generations away from it working well.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
crashing after ios 9 update. app continues to crash after updating to ios 9. just after opening it crashes. this app has been an excellent tool to my business. looking forward to a quick bug fix.
a good assistant on the go. the phone app doesn't do as much as i'd like but i couldn't run my business without the software!
really needs an easier login. since the last update, logging in is a huge pain. touch id rarely works.fix this.
owner. love being able to have quickbooks on my phone and being able to send invoices and receive payments on the go. makes my job so much easier. app works great and is so simple that even my husband can figure it out :)
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
disappointed. do not download this app. i'm sorry i did. extremely flawed.
mobile genius. i'm on the road most of the time. being able to check invoices, write them and get paid is invaluable. it takes a little time to get the hang of, but once you do, it rocks.
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
crashes. a lot.. new upgrade crashes. a lot. allowed me on just long enough to click 'leave a review'. then crashed. again.
amazing!. this app undoubtedly helps running multiple businesses on the road possible! when i finally switched my businesses from desktop to online there were a few things missing. i wrote a few complaints and spoke with their development team...few short months later...boom! additions were made! one if which is being able to switch businesses within the app. definitely much easier than logging in and out all the time.
needs work. i need to be able to print checks, but i haven't been able to figure out how yet. good for some things but not others. can't find how to access recurring transactions either.
"doesn't like ipads or phones. i don't find the app very useful. on a desktop, you can find your way around easily enough. on the ipad or phone, you cannot. i have yet to be able to bring up our main register balance....it takes forever and then gives me a ""no transactions"" screen. i have been a cpa for over 35 years. this app, although it has some promise, needs a little work."
quickbooks scheduler. we love quickbooks and how well it works in the field. we got the gopayment as well. the only thing i wish quickbooks would add is a scheduler for jobs open, accepted, and estimates pending.
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
very disappointed.. right now i'm looking for something that can run with my business. looking for more features less bugs and more useful.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments. would be nice if inventory feature wasn't additional cost
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
awesome!!!. fantastic and love how much this program does for you. very simple to use.
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
confusing. the guidance on using the app and getting the most from it is not very good  for someone starting out like me, i'm struggling with this.
love this app!. easy to use on the go!
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
no multi currency = useless. i enabled multicurrency on my quickbooks account, which you can not revert once applied. and now i find that when i log into the app, it won’t show transactions or customers that use anything other than my base currency. useless. utterly useless.
great system easy to use. i really like the online version better than the windows. the app is easy to use there's some issues with it though, i would ole like it better if you could use and access every thing as if you were on your computer. i don't always have time to sit down at the desk and go threw every thing.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient. so a lot of updates lately and still no way to create a statement from the app. this really is very frustrating.
horrible. what a joke. all i want to do is be able to go to my online account. every time i try to do that it pops up to install this app. i did. now when i go in nothing looks the same or works the same. you would think i would be able to go online without this horrible app. i would give it zero stars if i could.
happy customer. i love this app.can do my invoices everywhere on my mobile or tablet.😃😃😃
quickbooks phone app. so easy i can’t believe it.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
app. best app
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
limited functionality. can't do a bunch of stuff on the app. largely useless. editing invoices is a nightmare.
game changer. changed the way i handle my business transactions. from a simple to complex my invoices and estimates are presentable, traceable and accounted for. my reports help me secure loans in a flash. and my accountant loves me.
happy. good feature and happy overall with functionality. app crashes more than i'd like it too and wish some of the custom entered cogs i've created appeared on the app when inputting new expenses.
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have littleno confidence in the product.
quickbooks app. great app. really useful.
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
glitchy software loses emails really crappy support. issues remain for years intuit does not fix. loses emails all the time invoices say sent when they are not.
efficient. makes my life a lot easier i can create invoices. customers can pay their bill right in front of me what i sent them to the email. can’t get no better than that
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
terrible. so many problems i don’t even know where to start. i transferred my desktop version to online with the last year and half reconciled. i know have to go back and reconcile again. also  it keeps crashing. there are good things about it but overall not so happy with the software.
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting and tracking of actual sales, mrr, and kpis
room for improvement. it’s a good app, with some good features, perfect for using on your phone. it would be nice, however, if the ipad version was more like the web version with more of the features available there. it’s frustrating having to switch between the two versions.
good luck getting any tech support when you need it. not impressed! what a joke. don’t waste your time here.
great app. i've been using qbo for about 6 months and i love it. i own a real estate firm (small scale, 5 agents and below) and quickbooks has saved me a lot of time and helped organize my business.
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
job costing would be great. my only complaint is that i don't have the ability to truly categorize expenses and income by the job. i use the locations feature, and it is a decent work around, but not quite as seamless as other software. i love the app for field access!
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
best way to keep track of your expenses. i love this it works very well a little hard to learn but very simple to use what you learn how to do it i use it to track all my business expenses and it works perfectly i love the touch id lot it keeps everything very secure you cannot go wrong with this i absolutely recommend it for small business owners and businesses in general
review. probably should have rated it 5 as i’m not completely up to speed on all functionality.... issues note reconciling accounts and getting the input in the correct bucket and data transfer from desktop not a crisp as it should be.
poor. this app makes very poor use of the screen real estate of phablet style phones and even worse on ipads. they also removed the comma from the keyboard, so adding additional email addresses to a customer is impossible. generally a poor design, this app is years behind where i should be.
great app. overall its a great app. you can do many things from the app that you can do on the desktop version. i would like to be able to enter the worked hours on the app and also to be able register vendor invoices not only expenses.
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
touch id doesn't work. touch id still doesn't work. i just downloaded the most recent upgrade and touch id still doesn't work. i'm still required to enter my password each time i open the app. please fix. otherwise, i really like this app.
slam dunk. qb online app is awesome for working from home
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
nightmare. since the latest update quickbooks has been a nightmare. multimillion dollar company that relies on mobile invoicing that does not work now!
upholstery shop. very good app, help me a lot at upholstery business!
too sophisticated for just personal budgeting. i have been using quickbooks since 2006 and its predecessor before 2006. i only use it for my personal budgeting of 14 bank accts, 10 mortgages and 6 credit card transactions. sometimes i cannot figure out how to enter a transaction (transfers between accts, accepting matching transactions, credit card individual transactons versus balance payment) without creating a double entry or it cancelling out an entry. love, love, love the online version that i can access via iphone.
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
keep logging me out. after the update the application keeps logging me out every single time please fix that, used to do it with the previous update before this last one, you guys fixed it, but with this new update is doing it again
quick, easy & powerful. qbo is an excellent product. the functionality and the strength of the product lends itself to a very useful accounting tool. we are pleased with the product. thank you!
excelente app. melhor sistema e app de controle financeiro que já usei. infelizmente vou ter que mudar de sistema porque agora estou precisando controlar estoques em vários depósitos diferentes e ele ainda não faz isto.
crashes. constantly crashes and doesnt work as promised.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
how did they not see this coming?. quickbooks is currently not working on any update from apple. doesn't work in ios 10, doesn't work on safari 10 on the mac, can't download the mac app! business has been crippled for days. a business app like this needs far better reliability!
great, easy to use quickbooks app. so many great features with this app, love it. so easy to use!
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
so easy to use!. this app is easy to use! i like it more than the desktop version!
great, when it works. app is great, seamless when it works. problem is, it's only about 75% of the time. lots of errors on the mobile and desktop versions. any complaints go unaddressed. if you can run your business on 75% proficiency with no accountability from quickbooks tech support, then this app is for you!!
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
great app. coming from using xero for my accounting software, i can say this app and platform as a whole is far more superior. i would recommend to anyone to switch to quickbooks.
the invoice customization need big improvement. if you define customization mean capability to make different invoice like different logo diferent information on footer etc. i have to diferent areas of service in my company that use a diferent logos and footer information but quick book on line not work like the desktop version in this part. please fix that !!!!!
new receipt identification is much worse. the new version of the identification of receipts when taking a picture to upload to an expense is much much worse than the previous implementation. this version hasn’t worked accurately once in 30+ pictures, whereas the old version worked accurately 90%+ of the time. how does this stuff get through testing...? :
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
awful, just awful. doesn't even show taxes or vat, you have to log on with a desktop browser for that. wish i’d signed up for another accounting app.
excellent app. this is excellent app, save me lots of time and got ridd of lots of papers.
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
still needs a lot of work. i like the idea of having a mobile app, but it's nearly worthless, since most of what i need to do can only be done on the desktop. i find that i rarely use it  unless i'm out of the office and need to reference something. even then, it's very difficult to find the information i need and sometimes, there's no way to access it. it just doesn't exist on the mobile version.
works for me!. i love this this quickbooks app can cross platforms. every entry is accounted for in a matter which device i use (and i have a ton). as with anything, there are glitches but they do not stop production. like everything can't be perfect all the time and with the constant improvement, bugs are expected here and there.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2017 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays last years (2016) scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. just another step to my day to day book keeping tasks...
easy enough to use, works best with the online version. i'm only using this for the basics of bookkeeping, so it's enough for me. the functions in the app is different than the online version, so i mainly use it to take pictures of invoices. i enter an invoice online, then snap a picture of the invoice using the app. i also use the app to quickly get a monthly total per supplier, which the online version doesn't have.
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
do not update. i updated 5 minutes ago and already very glitchy with problems!
owner. makes life very easy for me running my small electrical contracting business. i spend less time writing estimates and invoicing.
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
great app. the only thing this app is missing is being able to generate reports. give me that and i'd gladly pay a few bucks for this wonderful tool. saves me a lot of time
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
very good!. really does help to keep everything at your finger tips, it's a convenient way to keep track of your earnings and invoices. one quick glance and you know where your company is at! 👍🏻
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
frustrated. very difficult to make adjustments and when receiving a payment i have not found a way to receive cash as will as a card on the same invoice. frustrated
easy enough to use, works best with the online version. i'm only using this for the basics of bookkeeping, so it's enough for me. the functions in the app is different than the online version, so i mainly use it to take pictures of invoices. i enter an invoice online, then snap a picture of the invoice using the app. i also use the app to quickly get a monthly total per supplier, which the online version doesn't have.
constantly having to sign in!. i wish quickbooks could figure out how to not have the app constantly make me reenter my password.
not working properly after update. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. why did you replace the pin with passcode? i don’t want to log into my iphone, ever. all i need secured is my qb app and the pin worked just fine for that. with this update i can login successfully once every 2030 attempts. intuit, test your updates before you release them!!!
a***. used a few different invoicing tool apps but nothing beats quickbooks for doing my invoicing and book keeping. a**
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
useless app. mileage tracking is grossly inaccurate, way too many inadequacies and limitations on the invoicing and accounting features. this app is a joke. i tried it for several months and have lost money as a result of it's shortcomings. the positive reviews here must be fake. do your research and search the web for accurate reviews. i recommend everlance as a better option.
so far so good.... use on a 3rd gen ipad. payroll function works great. no crashes so far. would recommend.
ok but needs work. we have 4 ipad2 running his app to invoice and do estimates on the go. much better and faster than previous versions. would still like to see some type of service form so we can make multiple service calls on a project then tally up and invoice together. also the new activity page doesn't show sent info on invoices and estimates. that was very helpful. they should put it back in. overall better.
12 dollars a month. are you kidding me? what kind of a small business would pay 12 bucks a month for glorified excel. piss off.
very easy to use. the app is fantastic as it is very user friendly and has everything i need. i've used myob in the past and that was terrible compared to the quickbooks app; which is in line with the times.
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
ok for readonly activities. don’t get me wrong, i love the qb online version i use from my pc. you will not find anything better for the price. but the ipad version just doesn’t do tons of things i want it to. it’s ok if you want to run a p&l or bs but i run dozens of different reports that are unavailable for some reason. again, ok for checking balances, just not nearly robust enough to bother with for accountants.
great app for managing every business finance needs. i love most of the features available, really great app and ecosystem. this is truly what every startup and business owners should have to manage their business finance. on the cloud and available to use at any time.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
new update crashes constantly. can’t login. crashed every time. have tried reinstalling without any luck. also, you can’t customize or get payment alerts for qbo except through the app. so until this is fixed, i’m stuck checking daily to see who’s paid and when. pain in the butt. please fix asap.
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
can't even create an account. american centred software. won't even accept uk mobile number when trying to sign up!! fail!
streamlined management. this is a very intuitive software for finances.
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
clunky and awkward. app can be awkward to navigate.
great app. great app links well details on the laptop. can create invoices on as soon as the job is finished.
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
convenient but with glitches. while adding transactions from bank register, transactions get duplicated and doubled.
great app. i’ve been a subscriber for about 3 years it’s a great app ... for me the one thing lacking is being able to enter and track progress payments.
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
not many useful features...yet(?). no access to trial balance or p&l reporting. no access to cash balances. no report writing or report generating capabilities. i guess it's free, but i hope there is a robust pipeline of upcoming features.
great app...! (sabre rx). great app, really works well now that the new syc app with square has been released.
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
terrible customer service and often outages. terrible customer service and often outages. if you have a problem you're on your own because there are no numbers to call or anybody to message. it's only faqs
good. excellent app. some very slight issues with layout and the occasional page that can't be used on ipad. but overall good. would recommend to others
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
crashing after ios 9 update. app continues to crash after updating to ios 9. just after opening it crashes. this app has been an excellent tool to my business. looking forward to a quick bug fix.
great. this app helps my small business tremendously. very easy to navigate, enter and retrieve data. very affordable.
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
getting too flaky. i’ve been a subscriber for about 2 years now but am now randomly getting locked out of the app where it thinks i don’t have a subscription! i’ve reported the issue , it always gets resolved but then returns ! went to do my accounts and quotes this weekend and guess what .... i’m locked out ... again! is that acceptable for a business app ! definitely not.
happy. works well. as intended. nice to be able to rectify transactions on the go.
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
so much that's so wrong. this rating is for qbo overall, because the app lives in an infrastructure. qbo is rapidly becoming the biggest pos in the accounting world. not sure what they’re trying to do, but it isn’t producing a usable set of books. the app is just a small part of the collapse.
great app and super easy to use. very easy to use and customise. very intuitive to use and no excuse not to update on the go
great app. only thing i don’t like is if you accidentally delete an invoice you can never get that invoice number back and it’s now been voided. that needs to be fixed so it can be adjusted or recovered. none the less it’s a great app. won’t ever connect my bank info none the less because that’s how you get audited for nothing.
limited functionality. can't do a bunch of stuff on the app. largely useless. editing invoices is a nightmare.
amazing app. everything in one
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
quickbooks. the best accounting system and app there is no realistic comparison. easy to use.
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
as large a company as intuit is, where's the support?. i can't imagine that as large of a company as intuitquickbooks is that they can't fix these constant issues with this app. it's been working ok until this last update. i have to physically go to the help section and hit the refresh button for sales receipts to show received after i enter them. and as everyone else has pointed out, touchid is no longer working.
great way to keep up with small business book keeping. in previous years, with my software based quickbooks, i ended up doing most of my neglected books once a year for tax times. with this i do an update on a daily bases and will have do just a little detailing come years end.
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
horrible. can't stand the program or customer support
excellent. great software
great mobile app. mobile app has more functionality than online version. having the ability to take a note on a customer and add a photo. i only wish those notes were visible to the online version. currently they are not.
muito bom,. mas até hoje não arrumaram a descrição cnpj no orçamento que está aparecendo gov.uid no meu e poderiam acrescentar a opção de digitalizar documentos no observações e anexos já que a ferramenta já existe no despesas. entrei em contato com o suporte várias vezes e até hoje nada...
very happy. i love this app for my business
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
crashes ios 9 dont download. incompatible with ios9. can't run business properly now. please fix asap.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go.
qbo user. can't say i'm impressed. sure, it has your company info in it. but the most important functionality for a mobile user is time tracking. but there is no way to enter time on the run, in this app, that i can see.
harry. after upgrading to this version i’m not able to sign on using the mobile app!! major set back when on the road and need to write an invoice!!
easy of use. i think the app will be great once i figure out how it works.
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
crapapp. quickbooks program is nice though the company's blatant lack of interest in the osx platform baffles me... this app is basically worthless and does not update to changes made online four weeks ago... they have light years to go before this app is worthy of being used...
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
james. love it!! we run our business on this,,
don't bother!. except for the cost, i really like quickbooks online. this ipad app is nothing even close and is basically useless.
pretty amazing. i hate accounting, but i have to say that this is the best yet, by a lot. once you're setup if you log every purchase and deposit on your phone, it does itself. quickbooks pulls up your checking account, matches your entries to the banks and you're done. i'm really glad i signed up for the online version. it rocks
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
quickbooks is quirky. i am not a fan because they just don't embrace mac users. the app is not reliably working.
president. i’m busy right now trying to invoice, from customer service to user friendly software qb is on point for the business man. love the service for sure.
awsome software. that is a great app but still far away from the desktop program .... limited access for a lot futures it's ok but not wow for the yearly cost
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
great. works pretty good. can't match partial payments. those must be exact match unless il missing something
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
good app for business owners. i think the app does a good job with tracking expenses and billing. as a whole i think there may be better programs out there. do you research before signing up.
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
crashes. keeps crashing. can't use app at all.
great app. great app for tracking all my company transactions. love that i can get a tax report for quarterly reporting.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
why isn't app as easy to use as actual online. the online version is so much easier to navigate. i don't like that the app and the online version have things in different places. it makes it much harder to locate things. i would rather have one streamlined version to use on all devices.
great job!. now i know when an invoice has been emailed. very complete app! now we just need a bulk action.
my company has grown with quickbooks. i logged in my first invoice in quickbooks the summer of 2001 when i started my first business. over the years, i have not used any other software other than.
keeps crashing. app doesn’t work . no updates in months
love it. they fixed the errors i was having. great app now.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
invoices don’t look great. the issue i had when using quickbooks was the invoices just didn’t look very polished or professional. there’s a way of setting up a custom invoice, but really you want a good default so you don’t have to muck around.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
predatory data collection. the app wouldn’t allow me to accept payment without my giving it geo location. why do you need it, other than to use it in ways completely unrelated to my bookkeeping? the app was already near useless. good bye qb app!
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
do not switch. if you use tradition quickbooks, do not switch. you will be very disappointed with the lack of simple features that are standard on traditional versions.
best app. i am using this app for my business. it is so easy and accurate. i really like it.
okay app. the apps okay to keep you updated on overdue accounts and to see what has been paid.
dissapointed. this is the frontline of my business as i am a mobil service technician. app no longer will save or complete an invoice. this is crippling my business! fixxxxxx please immediately!
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
insecure data. though all the great features are available on quickbooks online, company using it are high insecure because any one gets access to the user name and password maliciously could steal the firms data. i could have given it four stars if it had security features like vpn.
expenses not current 1816. 1. somehow my current expenses are not listed under my checking account. the last entry is for 2012. please update. 2. it will be super to have the quickbooks payment iphone app also. 3. qb online plus is what i use mostly to have a current accounting report and i am hoping it is useful for my cpa when he checks my account.
great app. it seems to work well! i would suggest it, you can easily go from a laptop to ipad to iphone...
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
easy to use!. love the app!
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
actually makes accounting a little bit fun. i absolutely love the way this app allows me to record, photograph and categorise expenses from receipts. so easy that it actually is fun. delighted that i can get rid of all this paper!
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
needs work & capability. for those of us that work on the road and try to reconcile books daily, do not depend on this app because it is nonexistent. no reconcile function whatsoever. i hope their team listens to our feedback because we can jump ship on any given day.
excellent. great mobile app from intuit, quickbooks online is great and although a bit different from the desktop version it has greatly improved the way i work with my clients
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
quickbooks. doesn't keep any records for estimates being emailed, viewed or anything. needs to have room for more emails in customer info. if i'm outside the office i always have administrative issues saying i'm not allowed to edit or update anything. so irritating! handy to keep up with everything & work on the go, if it worked all the time.
life saver. one my favorite apps to use while working. i’m on it like a social media page. thanks quick books.
plumbing company. good product, customertech service could use some more training.
adding pdf. can not add pdf attachments. to my invoices. app is crashing. please fix this.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
don’t update. ever since last update it crashes when i try to run a credit card. was talking with customer support for an hour and all she could say is i understand. when i asked to speak to a manager the line was disconnected
works for me!. i love this this quickbooks app can cross platforms. every entry is accounted for in a matter which device i use (and i have a ton). as with anything, there are glitches but they do not stop production. like everything can't be perfect all the time and with the constant improvement, bugs are expected here and there.
entering in items.. when i enter in items if i forget something it won’t let me put an item that i missed between two items that have already written down i have to put it at the end. i want to enter in all my items and then pick the order of the items.
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
seriously easy software. great app for a great product!
as a cpa, i think qboa is by far the best of the big three. it's better organised then myob and xero and accepts wpns which neither xero or myob will. the fact that it's half their price makes it an absolute winner
bug fixed. your problem with app
almost five star. the app is good, no crashes , only problem is that there has to be away to enter supplier bills , posted to accounts payable, not only as cash credit card payments
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
blair. app is extremely unstable. every time i need to get on it i have to force quit the app and re loggin. i have an iphone x and it runs horrible on here. hoping they fix this asap because i run my entire service company from the app
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
chrashing in estimates. the app is great, only hiccup is that it restarts as soon as i go into opening a new estimate
no support. very disappointed i am no longer able to access p&l or balance sheets on ipad. it’s been over 1 month and still the brain trust cannot make it work...
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
log in feature.. new version requires you to log in each day, while this may not sound horrible, this app was created for ease of use. previous versions required you to log in once, then your finger print or 4 digit passcode would suffice. please bring that back.
wow!. such an easy app to use as a new business owner and entrepreneur this really helps keep track of tax purposes and client sales!
a good assistant on the go. the phone app doesn't do as much as i'd like but i couldn't run my business without the software!
needs better support. i thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
recommend for one stop booking & accounting. i tried many softwares for accounting , the only reason i choose this platform because of its graphics & designs , the dashboard itself give you a ray of positivity , they design the dashboard and entire platform graphics in future aspect. apart from it there customer service is also and helpful. cheers !! ashutosh
not bad. categorising expenses has been incredibly time consuming to say the least. once you have your data in order you can start to make some decent reports but just getting over that initial hump is frustrating. shortening loadsave times along with better tabular data editing tools would make a big difference.
pretty useless. very slow and painful to use, doesn’t let you bank any payments etc. probably only useful for those who wish to produce very basic invoices
user. good app but needs more features
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
great but they got you. great for the most part but they have you and they know it. every. single . year you can count on a hefty price increase. it never stays the same or goes down just always a nice increase. and they make it hard to leave as the export is virtually useless. i'm stuck with them.
great app!. i was using quickbooks pro desktop 2013 before going to online 2016. all i can say is wow! i never realized how much i was missing. reconciling expenses with automatic bank and credit card transaction downloads can be done on my phone anywhere and anytime. no need to log into bank and manually download. huge time saver. also keeps me up to date on my finances with great reporting built in and at my fingertips.
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
could be better. it doesnt give you an option to enter a vendors bill on the app, its not convent to aways have to log onto a computer to enter a bill. you arent even able to review outstanding vendor bills etc on the mobil app
love this app!!. could run our company without it!!
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
jan 2019 update is a fail. it no longer lets you log in with your fingerprint or face id.
so useful. i have just upgraded from quickbooks 2006 to online. can't get over how much more useable it is. i can check my accounts whenever and wherever i am. it's actually quite fun to use!
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
pretty but not functional. it's bizarre how the graphics continue to be improved but the functionality doesn't. i've been trying to use this app for years but the features i need on the go are missing such as timekeeping. mostly this app seems to work a lot like you would imagine quicken mobile to work, by being able to look up past banking transactions. but i can do that on my banking apps for free already.
much anticipated update. always room for improvement and each update is a step in the right direction. i've been a qbo user for 26 months now and run my whole oneman business on it. each version is a bit better than the last. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface.
sparkyreviews. i used to use invoice2go but fed up of how complicated and expensive it became, quickbooks allows for easy invoicing and estimating from home or on site, also allows me to review incomings and outgoings to my bank easily, giving me more spare time, and saving me money as i don’t need my book keeper anymore! could not be happier with this product!
can not do custom invoice numbers. the app can not do custom invoice numbers. i have had the app for two months and paying the monthly fees and have not been able to send out my first proper invoice. i have asked support and they come back with instructions to go to certain settings that do not exist on the app.
quickbooks online. takes a little time to get the program. but once you learn it it's a great asset to anyone's company
touch id. can we get touch id support to replace the pin?! otherwise very good product.
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
best ap and program for home business. i trailed several other programs before quickbooks. it allows me to split an expense between personal and business which others wouldn't. the ap is easy to use and love that i can take a photo of the receipt. no more loosing receiptshaving them fade etc.
needs work. i need to be able to print checks, but i haven't been able to figure out how yet. good for some things but not others. can't find how to access recurring transactions either.
missing too much functionality. basic features like looking at an account are missing. my chart of accounts are listed but clicking to view transactions says this account not viewable in the mobile app.
lost without it. i do everything on my app, from billing, collections, banking, etc. etc. always works and stores everything i need.
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
great. very handy for invoicing when out
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
awesome!. great! especially for new start ups. feature rich and adding more all of the time.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
*terrible app*. do not take the chance with this program its flawed at best and is only designed to take as much money off you for as long as possible. it has multiple errors all the time. find something for better value and don’t pout it in control of your business because when it fails you have no control whatsoever.
great app. love using qb vs the other one i was using. well worth the money imo.
so good. best account software available
constantly signs me out.. it’s infuriating. just leave me signed in!!!!!! even worse sometimes as soon as i sign in it says “please log out and log in again” this app is bs
great little app. i do emergency call outs and can log in and keep up with my book keeping on the fly.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
won't open. this app won't open. don't waste your time.
très bien. il manque de finesse dans l'application. des petites choses et des petites bugs, mais en général très apprécié. merci!
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
kinda cumbersome. this app isn't very intuitive and there are a lot of free apps that do the same thing.
great updates and really user friendly. all works better than before and integrates brilliantly. makes understanding our financials a doddle!
good but this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
not as quick as desktop. this is a good start for working while mobile, but needs a lot more work to compete with the desktop version. expense entries made in webpage are not showing in the expenses in the ios app. they show in the bank account. this looks like a glitch or compatibility issue. tricky to work with, due to not having consistent features (webpage and app). hope this improves, as this is very useful.
pretty good. pretty good app. could use a little improvement. doesnt have all the functions of the regular version.
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
scam!. this app won’t let you unsubscribe. forgot my password and tried all ways to access my account, but they won’t send me a verification code in my phone. i have exhausted all efforts to change my password and log in, but to no success. i reached out to their failure of a customer service representative, didn’t help either! scam!
president. quickbooks is a fantastic app, it is easy to use and tracks everything i need and keeps all the information organized. would recommend to everyone
so good. best account software available
needs better support. i thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
awesome. this app is perfect for all users. i haven't found an instance where this app can not be used. it lets the boss and employee work together from anywhere. it can only get better with time. if u need an invoice or quote program. this is your app. (+more). a lot less paper work that's for sure. 😉
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
demoted from 5 stars to 4. using the app on ipad and iphone for more than 5 years. dashboard has been unable to properly show invoice status for at least 3 months now. version 17.9, at least 3 updates ago? no fix yet nor response from intuit after feedback. while i’m not fond of frequent updates, one expects to have these kinds of obvious bugs fixed in the next update.
great user interface. i like using quickbooks online because it is simple and effective. easy to use and uncluttered.
i love it.. i used to have to enter in expenses and sales, but now all that stuff shows up automatically with my banks being connected. i love it!
what's happened?!. usually excellent for uploading expenses it's now decided not to allow the option to add an expense. what's going on? please fix!!
i love it!. for the most part it's works great! deff worth the money!
just like the web version. the new updates are great. it's just like the web version minus tax lodgements which is possibly due to regional differences. the only gripe i have is the lack of keyboard integration which means you will need to use the touch screen but it's an ipad app so can't really complain there.
does not work. app does not work. wish it did, but it does not. none of my vendor activity shows up, profit and loss does not scroll past first page. better no app at all than one that does not work.
amazing product. great product for a small company. combining quickbooks online with the phone app is a great tool. being able to look up customers, create invoices, email invoices anywhere you want. i am also excited to be able to pair qb online payment with this also. all in all it's a great product for a great price so many things you can do with it.
super appli qui a changé ma vie.. gain de temps faramineux dans mon activité. et j’ai une vue instantanée sur le business. mon expert comptable est ravi en plus car il ne perd plus de temps sur la saisie que je ne voulais plus payer et la collecte qui m’embêtait.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
great. very user friendly
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
cannot reconcile bank accounts on app. cannot reconcile on the app. completely useless to me as the bookkeeper.
great. great software looking forward to updates
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
suporte péssimo!!!. o suporte nunca resolve nada, fiz uma reclamação de bug sério a um ano e nunca foi resolvido, tentei contato essa semana pra ver se iriam tomar uma atitude mas a resposta é sempre a mesma “o time de desenvolvimento está trabalhando nisso, não temos acesso a eles e nem informações a respeito” então fica aí com o seus deuses do desenvolvimento que eu em 2020 eu parti conta azul!!!
love tracking expenses.. being able to expenses right at the gas pump just makes sense. taking photos of receipts just makes things easier i wish i would've left the desktop app a while ago.
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
be warned about quickbooks. this is not software. it’s ransomware. every two or three years they make it break and force you to upgrade. the upgrade is the same price as buying it new. the online version is just as bad. when i started using it it was $15 a month and now it’s $40 a month. be smart and don’t become a slave to intuit company.
simple but robust.. with a great user interface connecting with the larger data and programme, i’m impressed by the elegant and obviously intentional design. when i look at my phone, i’m looking at exactly the kind of information that i would need on the go. very good design work by these guys.
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
can’t log in. says my email and password can’t be found (app only).
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
comments. there is no printing options for mobile printing. we have tu use other app, to print invoices. poor in reports not friendly to do invoices
very useful. i run a small business with this software. i haven't found anything better yet!
review. probably should have rated it 5 as i’m not completely up to speed on all functionality.... issues note reconciling accounts and getting the input in the correct bucket and data transfer from desktop not a crisp as it should be.
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
owner. app is a great convenience
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
hard to use. i recommend the version you load on your own computer. this is unwieldy
easy to use. excellent app. very straight forward to use. the only issue i have is not been able to raise purchase orders on the app. this is very important to me because of the nature of my business, other than that it's spot on.
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
horrible app!!!. online service seems to work good but use my phone a lot on the go!!! can't do any billing from app anymore!!! really hurting disappointed!!!! who do you talk to about this!!!! i give the app no stars
great invoicing app. works great for invoicing needs.
the invoice customization need big improvement. if you define customization mean capability to make different invoice like different logo diferent information on footer etc. i have to diferent areas of service in my company that use a diferent logos and footer information but quick book on line not work like the desktop version in this part. please fix that !!!!!
3 year user.. lots of glitches. signs me out within seconds of logging in and there’s many steps just to put items into an invoice or receipt.
great app. removed and reinstalled the app on my iphone. works fine
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
latest update is garbage. update: 1620 still a garbage app even after multiple emails back and forth with quickbooks development team and now it’s been weeks since i heard from them the app still don’t work even after new updates app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
love quickbooks!. i depend and use quickbooks everyday and love it. i just wish i could move the items in my estimates are around easily. they are stuck in the spot they are added.
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
لايدعم اللغة العربية كفواتير. arabic language support at least in invoices not in gui which is an easy job to do ! arabic invoice with rtl support in produced pdf is needed to let me think to subscribe .
excellent. excellent for the ipad love i can do invoicing on the go
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
very misleading. you can download the app for free and use it for free... for the thirty days 😡 then you have to pay 11.49 a month? 🤬 that
fantastic app for a superb product!!. i've been using quickbooks since i began my private voice and piano studio. i am able to easily track invoices and payments and send reminders to my students and their parents. the app has helped me save time when adding payments so i can focus my time on my students. i also love how i can send receipts and reminder invoices even when i am on the run! definitely a 5 star product & app!
so good. best account software available
iphone4 not supported. all god if running ipohone5+
scanning receipt yet to be as effective.. i was using neat desk for scanning and it captures all bills. if quick book cannimprove receipt scanning for cab and other bills it will be wonderful.
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
needs a lot of work. very disappointing they removed card payment facility, only reason i went with quickbooks over xero. also don't try and do anything within app or your accounts will get into a right mess (things like match a payment or transfer) you will end up with duplicate transactions that can only be deleted by logging into web client. upsetting the company that all those years ago changed the industry (and took on sage) have failed so badly.
business owner must have. great app to work on the go. create, modify and email invoices. keep track of anything financial on your handheld device. fully automated office on the go for the busy self employed entrepreneur.
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
has potential. i'm not i fully understand why quickbooks is the worlds leading software for small business accounting. i'm dying for customizations for my invoices and estimates. these updates should work like a wysiwyg editor; immediate updates. desperately need more room for customizations on the invoices as well; they look like they are from 1995. the mobile app is ok, could be great. some things are not where you expect them to be but i guess i just have to learn that.
great small business app. i've been using it for a year and it has made my life so much easier. customers can pay progressively. i log on 2030x a day for inputting expenses, billing customers, creating quick estimates and i have never had it not work for me. although it is very expensive combined with quickepay (quickens version of the square reader)
plumbing company. good product, customertech service could use some more training.
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
awesome. it saves me so much time. great to keep up with my business accounting. mostly simple to use. some features require a bit of basic accounting knowledge.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
junk update = worthless app. since the latest update, my qb app shows an error saying that my session has expired immediately after i log in. i can't use it at all. pc access is okay.
great for my business. this app has been an absolute vital part in helping me run my business. i love it!
good but this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
so far so good. so far it does everything i want it to do. if you're looking for an easy to handle app that keeps u up to date look no further.
works good, but could be better. the app has good functionality but is missing some key aspects of the online system. the app doesn't do payroll or purchase orders which is limiting. purchase orders would make it almost perfect.
ios 13 crashing. app crashing after password screen , ios 13 is not compatible with this app at present , considering the amount my company pays for quickbooks i’m disappointed to say the least .
so far so good 👍🏻😃. software is straight forward and easy to use and if you are unsure, the support team explain everything.
needs work. i need to be able to print checks, but i haven't been able to figure out how yet. good for some things but not others. can't find how to access recurring transactions either.
limited. as far as i can see it's not possible to enter expenses. given in many cases businesses have more outgoing transactions that incoming this is a critical weakness.
great freedom. we love qbo. i am away from the office about 80% of the time and i love the ability to review sales and work with the store manager and team from anywhere. the only drawback we have found is the limited edit capabilities the sales staff has. there should be more customization when granting access to users. the desktop version allows users who limited to sales the ability to edit their mistakes. qbo places that burden on the administrator.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
"don't download latest version!!. software was great before the latest update. now, no more touchid support, no ability to email invoices. we all remember what apple did with the maps mess, i wonder if intuit will have the testicular fortitude to ""can"" the person who attempted to update the already good software?"
login' this app. makes my life so much easier. i can do everything on the go. saves time! love it!
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing i can't create and send my invoice please fix asap
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
horrible. it’s true the only reason i will install qb on my phone is to record expense on the fly,and it doesn’t do it
"amazing for my business. i wouldn't know where i would be running my own business without this app. it truly gives an ""on the go"" experience and aided with other tools i can work anywhere in the world. thanks quickbooks!!"
usefull but limited feature. the mobile version is usefull, fastr than desktop, but its very limited feature. there is no stock information, no account reports, need more improvement..
can't invoice to job address. no good
great app. i love this app!!!
needs more features. we need to be able to use this like the computer version reconciling and printing checks and deposit slips and it's slow
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken.
best program.. essential for any business.
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
great app. love that i can get estimates approved right on my phone!
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
refresh invoice?!?. trying to add new items to existing invoice with partial payment received and won't let me save changes! refresh invoice means what, exactly? without this function why do i need my subscription? made office work harder as now must go submit through pc and pray that works...
time saver. i highly recommend this app, specially for small business. quick, easy and in combination with service m8 it's all i need.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
can’t change admin for years. hard to work with
jordan hugo ,. i'm young and in business , only small but this app is perfect for tracking my expenses and sending quotes off. highly recommend.
plumbing company. good product, customertech service could use some more training.
permissions issues. i would rate 4 stars if the app permissions were accurate. whenever adding a note or signature to an invoice i'm informed i don't have permission to make that change, however i do have permission to make the changes and the changes are reflected in the invoiceestimate.
owner. great app to take of of business anywhere i'm at!
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
touch id doesn't work; features spread across too many apps. intuit still spreads all the quickbooks features across various versions of apps (online, self employed, desktop, etc) that all require separate subscriptions and there's not one single app that can do it all. touch id on this app is broken so it only offers fingerprint access within a few minutes after the first unlock. then, it's back to password. i really wish there were better alternatives.
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multiuser access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
could be better. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
very happy. this app makes my accounting work super easy, can't wait for all features to be available on the app.
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
"not ready for prime time.  can't add numbers in ""amount"" fields like you can in client version (ipad and desktop)  can't edit customer when logged in as salesperson (ipad)  auto populate doesn't work when sending invoice when logged in salesperson (ipad)  can't manage users (ipad)  does not display user name anywhere on screen when logged in (ipad and desktop)"
great app. it's good to use this to add pics of receipts to your account while you work on the mac. i have been waiting for this for such a long time. i needed something to replace the outdated ato's erecord.
great app but signs you out a lot. this is a great app and it works almost perfect but there's one really annoying issue. the app signed you out a lot and doesn't give you the option of entering back in with touch id but rather having to annoyingly enter your password. please fix this as touch id makes life so much more convenient rather than entering your password. doesn't always happen but more often than it should.
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right. update 020219; still has constant logout problems after all these years. would give 0 stars if i could.
highly recommended. it saves me a lot time from working on invoices and so. it help me on whenever i need it, i just have to take out my phone and i'm able to use what i need to.
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
couldn't perform like we do without. great app!!!! highly recommended. tracks and categories everything with moderate input from you. great on tax day!
works for me. the system is somewhat easy to use, and works for my purposes. although it's a shame that this is the only option from quickbooks for canadian mac users. not even a desktop version is available. if you have another option besides mac, it would be cheaper to own. you could get quickbooks pro for $250 for windows desktop. or pay 1 year of quickbooks essentials for $240.
touch id is pointless. needs work!. the new update was supposed to fix the touch id issue. you can log in via touch id. however if you kill the app or restart your phone, you need to log back in using your password. what is the point? i want to log in via touch id everytime. that's what it's there for.
app. very god
good but this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, doesn't handle banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
pdf note on ipad. why can't we add a pdf note on ipad app. i can do it by accessing desktop version on ipad. but it's a pain doing it that way. it would be simpler to add that option to the app. come on guys keep up with the technology. quit lagging behind.
happy and safe. at last. an easy to use app that work well for fast quoting and invoicing while on the go. my b2b clients are very impressed on how fast my quotesinvoices come in. it's a great selling point to my business.
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
great app, easy to use. love being able to manage my business on the go. could use more features, but it's still a great app and quickbooks is always updating it. :)
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
does not work or match online version.. does not work or match online version. we cant make it accurate or work correctly. do not use.
love it. what a wonderful app for running a biz.
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
app doesn’t recognize credentials. this app worked well for me until the most recent update. now i cant login, says can’t find the account with this emailpassword. this is very annoying since i travel frequently without a laptop. now i’ve lost the ability to access my accounts via the app.
works great!. i am a new business owner and i have qb online on my pc, ipad and iphone. it is great to be able to record expenses and take photos of the receipts right when it happens rather than waiting until later and possibly forgetting. no issues found so far!
very useful!. this app is very useful for my small internet cafe business. i can track anytime my sales and expenses. reports are generated realtime, no need to wait for your accountant. the app needs to improve the touch id system because it requires you to input the password after you have closed the app.
expenses not current 1816. 1. somehow my current expenses are not listed under my checking account. the last entry is for 2012. please update. 2. it will be super to have the quickbooks payment iphone app also. 3. qb online plus is what i use mostly to have a current accounting report and i am hoping it is useful for my cpa when he checks my account.
so necessary. if your an small business owner quickbooks is an essential tool that makes it all pain free. you can even invite your accountant into your books and let them get the info they need easily. great software!
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
needs work. this won't stay up to date with online or desktop app and i regularly get error messages. this is frustrating and useless.
awesome app!. great software, well written and updated regularly, moves seamlessly between phone ipad and desktop
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
needs more bank options. this app doesn’t support my bank (becu) si in that case it’s worthless to me. please refund my money thank you!
great app. works great
excelente app. melhor sistema e app de controle financeiro que já usei. infelizmente vou ter que mudar de sistema porque agora estou precisando controlar estoques em vários depósitos diferentes e ele ainda não faz isto.
nul. logiciel bien conçu mais la synchronisation se fait n’importe comment : j’ai rapproché toutes mes factures fournisseurs pendant une journée puis le soir plus rien je suis revenus au même stade que le matin : tout mon travail était perdu ! je contacte le support et personne ne parle français correctement ! nul à éviter
great app really does work for my business. really easy to do my accounts and invoices.
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
deposit. tried many times with support how to do deposit with app no one can tell me how using tablet very frustrating
gets the job done. very helpful app. works well. no issues that i have experienced.
touch id. can we get touch id support to replace the pin?! otherwise very good product.
is not accurate. my accounts are not in sync with my bank and credit card ontime balance. needs update.
touch id doesn't work. other than that this is a great app. it is easy to use except that i have to type my password every time i open the app. i love the automatic receipt capture from camera.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
can’t attach existing photo with ios13. with ios 13 you cannot upload an existing photo to a new expense. when you select a photo, the app freezes and there’s no button to accept the photo.
great app. it's a one stop accounting app for me and it's made my life so much easier having it.
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
stopped working after the update. this was working great until the software update last week. now i end up creating multiple copies of invoices and estimates and the app just freezes on the saving screen. i can only finish off by logging in through a web browser and completing the task. please fix this fast intuit!
perfect. works great for my contracting business. i mainly use it for estimates and invoices.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
poor. say they can transfer info from sage into there software, no they can’t if you use stock codes what a waste of time.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
not detailed enough. if they're going to let you invoice from the ipad, you should be able to enterchange and see all the fields that you can from a desktop the way you have set up your invoice format. i travel often and need to invoice from the road but can't send invoices the way they need to look  can't change ship to, can't use personalized fields. very disappointed in this app.
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
utter crap. if i could give no stars i would app crashes all the time won't send invoices to customers i have had for years have been struggling on with quickbooks for several years but now can't take the frustration anymore caused by this utter waste of money.
invoicing on the go!. the app is a great companion to the online version. allows me to invoice and keep track of billable items on the go. there is so much more it does but for me invoicing right after the job is done gives me freedom to do my office work while having a coffee.
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
incomplete and not easy to use. privacy settings are lacking as they previously were in the online version. to be useful, i need to be able to pass the ipad to a sales associate sioux giving them the amount of access they currently have (with the limited privacy settings). also, the login and password system is cumbersome meaning it isn't quick to open up the app to charge a customers card (faster to run it through the online version)
this might be 5 stars. the only thing... only thing!!! using square through the app .. or somehow sync invoices so they reflect in qb. if there is a way to do that then this is 5 stars!!
my company has grown with quickbooks. i logged in my first invoice in quickbooks the summer of 2001 when i started my first business. over the years, i have not used any other software other than.
demoted from 5 stars to 4. using the app on ipad and iphone for more than 5 years. dashboard has been unable to properly show invoice status for at least 3 months now. version 17.9, at least 3 updates ago? no fix yet nor response from intuit after feedback. while i’m not fond of frequent updates, one expects to have these kinds of obvious bugs fixed in the next update.
great app!. very userfriendly and easy to use!
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
what a joke.. can't add notes to customers. buggy! cant print. awful. if you are moving from qb desktop, think again! there's not even an easy way to just view today's business. no reports in app. useless.
time saver!. this app has decreased the amount of time i used to spend in the office by 75%! it's intuitive and the support is fantastic. a great investment for my small business. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden.
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
don't make me log in repeatedly. it's an app.. ux execution for this company is repeatedly abysmal. i have an account. i download the app. i activate thumbprint authentication. and they repeated log me out and have me sign in again as though i'm a new user to a web site. this kind of crap ux plagues this app in the most annoying spots.
life saver. i would not know what to do without this app! yeah i would have to fight through receipts every month to balance month end report. with the app i just input the info when i make the purchase and it makes it so much easier. recommend the app 110%.
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
not intuitive, not flexible, once in your stuck. terrible decision for a simple accounting software. converted from computer version...very unhappy.
game changer. been using the desktop version for over a decade. now that i’m using qbo along with the mobile app i feel like i have been living in the dark ages! this is simple, useful, powerful and most importantly convenient! no more keeping up with paper receipts and forgetting to keep track of purchases.
not bad. categorising expenses has been incredibly time consuming to say the least. once you have your data in order you can start to make some decent reports but just getting over that initial hump is frustrating. shortening loadsave times along with better tabular data editing tools would make a big difference.
nothing but disappointment. car tracking constantly shows that there is uncategorised trips when it is up to date. software won’t integrate with desktop version. 3 days before end of financial year quickbooks stops bank account updating inputs. then quickbooks support solution causes double entries. two week later accounts won’t update anymore again.
changed the way we do business. i love this app. we needed something that we could easily use in the field. we can create estimates, invoices, receive payments and even attach check images to those payments. our productivity has skyrocketed. quickbooks has figured out the mobile accounting software. customers for life.
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
avoid like the plague!. app doesn't work, says trial expired. customer support are unhelpful and have no idea when it will be fixed. we have a years worth of books on this and now we need to find new software  we've been in business for more than 26 years and have never known service like this. seriously, find another solution. this is not the software you are looking for.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
good for invoicing. easy, quick invoicing, that's all i need it for and it works for me.
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
doesn’t work. app won’t open and website is unresponsive. not very impressed with the program.
"good app. quickbooks is just about perfect for my small business, one addition i would like is to be able to easily see a ""spend per customer"" button so i can easily add up the amount any repeat customer spend per yearmonth."
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
easy to use, even for a newbie!. great app. easy to use, even for someone with little accounting knowledge.
it's ok not bad. it does the primary functions fine. gives you a decent insight with the new dashboard. one glitch is that it shows deleted invoices as past due.
"so disappointing. in a never ending but now predictably disappointing offering that intuit calls its cloudbased offering ""quickbooks online"" we have a fantastically buggy and seamfull application with even more limited functionality than the web application. unfortunately it's a ""beggars can't be choosers"" scenario yet again as intuit continues to monopolize the market by utilizing profits for acquisition of competitors, rather than listening to customers to develop it's cloudbased core competencies. shakes head in disappointment."
excellent!!!. this is easy to use and very convenient! most of the functionality on the app means it's easy to work will out of the office!
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
drat! not even close. this has no more functionality than the mobile ap, very disappointing! access to the banking tab & registers to make and receive payments, along with access to the entire vendor tab & reporting would be helpful. i am not sure why intuit focused its efforts on creating an app that imports images & info from social networking sites intead of focusing on making better functionality of what it actually takes to run a business.
good app. goop app
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
a poor mobile companion to qbo. there are so many things wrong with this app. for example, expenses have a note field that doesn't show notes entered in qbo (web). the length of the expense category field is so short that i can't distinguish among categories, especially nested ones. the app generally lacks the functionality it would need to make it a truly useful companion to qbo.
robust and easy to use. i'm really enjoying this app so far! i can't wait to dig into it further.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
much room for improvement. lack of a solid search function along with slow load times make this an app that leaves a lot to be desired. even the online functionality can use improvement. still a decent system for a small business but hopefully they'll spend some time fixing the app soon.
great and very useful. don't leave home without it
pretty good. it has improved over the years but still needs work. one thing that needs improved is that once an invoice is created its harder to edit a line item without deleting it and reentering the line item. entering payments is not as easy with the app is it is with the web based version. i always use the web based version when possible.
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
efficient. good to have access on any device. does a great job but a little more customisation for service industry would be good. overall very efficient bookkeeping solution.
banking. great app just the banking doesn’t always pull over on fist couple tries to load transactions
not the best. i have tried to like qb but don't find it as user friendly as others. i have used xero and find this better but expensive. i have also tried invoice2go and was really impressed. only using qb because of accountant and that i am too tight to pay for xero.
user. good app but needs more features
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
not working properly after update #2. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. my books don't match from my phone to my computer. the pin still doesn't work, every time i edited an invoice it magically created a copy of an invoice that showed up 2 days later. now i have a ton of clean up to do in my books. it's time for me to find new accounting software.
qbo app. luv the new dashboard!! excellent app. no complaints.
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
update won't open. i love quickbooks. as a small business owner, it is invaluable. however, this update will not open on my iphone (ios 9.3.5). i have tried restarting my phone and reinstalling this app. and it still won't open. this is a significant problem for me. hopefully it is sorted out soon.
editing invoices on the go!. i love it! when life is such a bustle and you need to create an estimate or invoice for customers, quickbooks makes it easy to do.
great for my simple business. i love quickbooks online and would give it 5 stars except i send many estimates, invoices and sales receipts by email and frequently they are not received and unless i follow up i do not know they were not received. when it is sent i need the satisfaction it will be received. again i love the program.
hate the app. limited functionality of the app makes it virtually useless... unless i have access to a pic or laptop, i can't do all the things i need to do. the program itself is good, just not sure why the app hasn't caught up yet.
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
great program. very user friendly and much better than the traditional one. love how easy it is to track all of my expenses and can just snap a picture of them. highly recommended!
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
qbo app. useless app, does not present a desirable layout compared to the the online version, in the banking area, to the bank register. somewhat comparable to using another account program.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
usefull but limited feature. the mobile version is usefull, fastr than desktop, but its very limited feature. there is no stock information, no account reports, need more improvement..
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
limited but powerful. the quickbooks app for the ipad works well with the online system. some limitations are inherent with the app that you have to go to the web based system from the desktop to accomplish. you can't create a statement with dunning notices, but you can send the invoice! from the job site, a quick invoice to the client helps improve cash flow and enhance customer relations.
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
login will not allow me to paste my password. i use quickbooks online, so i use a very strong password that is stored in an app (1password). it would be extremely annoying to hand type a 25 character random password into this app. and i'm unwilling to compromise my security for my online financial data. therefore this app is totally useless to me.
qb app liberates and empowers me. i use both the app and the online version to much satisfaction. the app lets me easily edit an invoice and see which invoice and recurring billing have been paid. i do use recurring billing yet i set that up via the online version at my computer. i can access my books on the go, and that is what i needed from the app.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
works for me. little tricky to set up, that's mostly me. i like it, does what i need.
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
help. there doesn't seem to be a way to tie in purchases on to a invoice to charge specific customers. when you call in for help with the app, customer service does not have access to see what you're looking at.
fantastic app. love that you can attach photos on the fly!
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
annoying but useful. 1. there is no dashboard 2. have to reenter your password every couple of days 3. the only report you can view is p&l. no other reports are available (e.g. ageing, unpaid invoices, customer unpaid, etc.)
life saver. apart from the fact i have to input my password every time, this app is a great compliment to the version i use on my laptop. so easy to use, can invoice on the spot. very happy.
crashing in on the reliable. overall not a great product  i actually do enjoy quickbooks online. but this app is just atrocious. history improve in so many ways just to get one more star out of me
love it. done right. password defeats purpose of touch id and apple watch. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
elecsmart electricians london. i have used the online version but now prefer the app as it seems to be more stable. worth the money and great for a progressive company!
connecting my business. as a carpender who has been in business for almost 20 years switching over to quickbooks this year has allowed a much more efficient process. the phone app has changed the speed at which i can respond to customers.
meh, no project profitability reports in the app. as a construction business all our accounting revolves around p&l reports per project. the onlinedesktop app gives us the project report but the app does not, which makes the app pretty much useless. our best solution is to login to our qbo account through safari on the phone to see the real time project profitability, shouldn’t the app do that?
love it!. took me a while to get confident using it as i was used to doing things manually but now i love it. and especially love the app. don't know how i managed before!
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
“critical updates”. face id does not work. every time i try it tells me there are critical updates and i need to log in again. there are no updates, and it tells me this every single time.
almost great. so, the limited features in the app seem like just a lack of time to include. otherwise, easy to use, and great way to keep track.
review. probably should have rated it 5 as i’m not completely up to speed on all functionality.... issues note reconciling accounts and getting the input in the correct bucket and data transfer from desktop not a crisp as it should be.
one of the worst decisions ever!. i decided to move forward with quick books because of a friend recommending it to me. this has been one of the worst experiences ever. the customer service is terrible and the fact that quick books owes me money is even worst. i highly recommend that no one uses this service.
excellent app for small business!. i have to say that i have ised several versions of quickbooks however; the quickbooks online is the best yet!
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
much better than the desk top version. i really like this app as opposed to the old desktop version. i'm sure there are updates that could make it better, but i'm satisfied with how it works for me.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
don’t you qa this stuff?. the expenses screen is still full of bugs. the whole thing goes wrong after adding a photo (which, incidentally, are now auto cropped even worse than before) and returning to the expenses screen. don’t you test this stuff before releasing it?? (i’m on iphone x).
i run my biz from the app!. i use qb constantly to invoice clients and log incoming checks. it's great for following up on past dues & creating invoices on the go.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
small business owner. i have been skeptical about leaving all my business information in an external server, thinking that one day, the software seller is not longer in business. intuit has given me that confidence and now i am very excited with services i have received so far. the program is easy to set up and easy to use. very friendly menus. you can use as many functions you wish. is good even for those who have little experience keeping track of business.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
always have problems. this application made only to collect money from us and every time they increase their monthly payment always have errors and problems and now big issues that i can not open the application on my phone and no one reply to our email or calls they are totally worst customer service ever
fantastic app. allencompassing and very user friendly
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
do it if you can get it to work. i loved the mobil app but intuit doesn't support it any longer. they want you to do the $54.00month hosting instead. i called twice today to try to get this app working and they said it wasn't their app. if you can get this to sync with you qb software, go for it.
best way to handle your business needs. great app
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
user friendly but. this program is extremely user friendly and makes book keeping easy for small business owners but the cost of doing payroll for employees is extremely expensive. i have 5 employees and it costs way to much for me to use quickbooks 👎
great small business app. love this app for my working vacations!
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
great app. works very well with the ipad. allows you to make invoices and notes on the go. much better being cloud based than pc based. it costs more but it definitely worth it when it comes to the convenience.
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
app issue. i've been using the quickbooks app for over 6 months and it worked fine. now, for the past week the app will not let me access my company data or the data is incorrect after multiple reinstalls. this is very aggravating and qb's customer support stated it's an ios issue. please correct this issue asap. thank you
good app it works. happy enough. do miss the previous button on items like supplier bills and customer invoices. app is also improving. thanks qbs
sales. it would be nice if you could take the copy of a receipt prior to that posting on quickbooks to save it for when the actual download appears. if that could be perfected i would give it a five star
not working with ios 13. just crashes
good but could be better. overall quickbooks online is a reliable usable and productive app. it continues to lack obvious things like an ap screen on the landing page and better shortcuts to accounts. but it does the job well.
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
down hill. the app use to be great and every time i launch it it would use finger print to open, but now it is asking for a password every time i shut it down. it only asks for the finger print if the app stays running in the background.
very good app. good
too expensive. would give it 5 stars if it was cheaper $20 for just invoices give me a break
just barely ok.. app has multiple issues . with page format. browser must use google chrome to get all options . called 3 times , on phone over hour each time . weeks later still nothing fixed . app is very limited .. customer service is a joke . here i thought i was upgrading to a better software . lol i was so wrong ..
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
entering in items.. when i enter in items if i forget something it won’t let me put an item that i missed between two items that have already written down i have to put it at the end. i want to enter in all my items and then pick the order of the items.
app doesn't connect on ios 9. ever since ios upgrade 9.3 and quickbooks mobile app doesn't sign in, always says check internet connection. it's a bug in the app and they know it, we contacted support to fix it and they said they are working on it and will have a solution by end of may. this problem has been on for more than 4 weeks with no solution. poor app with poor support. not recommended at all.
excellent. this app is making a huge difference to our business management. real time visibility of important financial data! to improve, id love visibility of scheduled bills, plus ability to make part payments to invoices. terrific!
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
great app for managing your accounts.. great app, would definitely recommend it.
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
stopping subscription. originally a useful app, but keeps crashing following the most recent update on 27.09. will have to stop subscription and find something that works, so whats the point in updating the app if you lose customers?
simple. simple easy to use, love the phone app.
can't save invoices. love the app but after the latest update, i am no longer able to save invoices. most of my business is done through the mobile app, so this is a vital component. please remedy as soon as possible. thanks.
not good!. i would expect that a company like qb will hire a high end software company to design their online website & mobile app. whoever did this is absolutly no good!
needs additional function. this is a great app for limited situations. it needs support for bills, deposits, and bill payments.
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
worthless. i have never once been able to generate a p&l for a board meeting. the reporting function just does not work, which is the most useful part of accessing this program through a browser. also, even though i can enter a sales receipt, doing deposits from the + does not work and i am unable to make corrections that are relatively simple from the browser. this platform provides no service at all.
great app for the ipad. great app for the ipad and small buisness
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
needs more. i don't mind the app for our company. we hand write all of our invoices for the customer so the one thing i really wish you could do is put your own invoice number in.
muito bom. pode melhorar, ainda tem muitos bugs e erros do nada. mas o principal, deveria ter opção de compartilhar e orçamento por whatsapp, visto que apenas 1% dos clientes atuías requerem email, isso inclui empresas.
the application for the tablet. the application for my ipad tablet does not let me see checks i have written that have not cleared. (it does show my account balance) i like the online version but i for the life of me don’t know why the internet based application does not work on my ipad plus and their application for ipads is simply said  horrible.
really good but need scheduler. really great software been using for almost year. would of given 5 stars but as contractor i feel it's needs a scheduler connected as apart of this since your entire billing is all here. improvements very helpful and believe there heading in right directions. sooooo good to have as a mobile contractor and being able to input data at the location in real time! not wait till you get home and then enter.
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
poor service. difficult to set up invoice template and negotiate site, customer service poor, and when you try to write a review and send it off if the nickname is taken you have to write it all out again. as usual well advertised on tv but fails to deliver.
great app to use with phone and desktop. great app but needs: ipad pro resolution splitscreen support pip video support
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
crashing constantly. crashes nonstop. i get two entries in and then crash. sick of it. come on intuit.
great stuff. for me, this app is perfect. as a freelance travel writer i can take a snap shot of my expenses and update my accounts on the road. the only problem i have is that you cannot access the app when you have no coverage so i cannot work offline.
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
so glitchy!! 😡. quickbooks has the potential to be great. but this app is so, so glitchy! have constant problems with it and i'm really getting to the point of giving up and going back to sage. every time a problem is sorted, a new one pops straight back up. if they could employ some decent tech guys and get things working properly, this would be brilliant.
love. 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
lacks useful features. where are the reports and why aren't bank feeds integrated? how can they claim this app keeps you up to date with your business!!! it's far too dumbed down. you cant even reconcile payments. the p&l image they use to advertise the app isnt available in the actual app!! angry!
looks great!!!. keep the updates coming! great job of being quick to update the app and user interface and continuing to add great features!
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
major problems with the newest update!!!. the app was working great until a few days ago. now i cannot receive payments on my iphone due to a bug in the app and i also cannot send an invoice via email on my iphone or ipad now. ☹️
best accounting software i ve used so far.. after using some 10 accounting softwares i ve chosen quickbooks. this the most easiest and best option available in the indian market....and of course most affordable also.
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
do not use to run payments through. i ran two payments with them the first they held up because routing number issues and the second because my bank account was not financially available or what ever to run transactions what kind of s**t is that now they want me to refund $2100. to customer on the card after car has left 4 days later and i have to figure out how im going to get my money . horrible !!!!!!
great. i haven't had any trouble with quick books. it's easy to create customers and vendors. i am able to quickly submit expensessales transactions into the app and emailing customer receipts is a snap. it gives my company a professional edge and my account is going to be a happy camper!
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
poor update. unfortunately this latest update has a bug which believes i am on a free trial which has expired. i can still log in to the system on the internet but the ios versions do not work on ipad or iphone for me now. in addition, an option to receive funds in to another account other than the main current account would be a great feature to implement on ios which is sadly lacking at the moment.
great app. i use apple products and it works great for us. get paid quick with credit cards or bank transfers.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
total scam. i do not have the ability to open this app but somehow you have been able to continue to bill my credit card monthly. i cancelled a credit card because you have no contact info. sites to cancel service by. somehow you have gotten ahold of my new cc info!!! cancel this service now!!!!
sweet. app is so easy and convenient! greatest thing about it is that it synchronizes with square so i don't have to worry about writing anything down anymore again. the snap is such a great convenience!
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
are you kidding me?. do i really have to download my company data every time i write an invoice or add an expense?! i have a feeling you are going to lose a lot of customers if you don't change it back to how it used to work. very dissatisfied with how long it takes to download company data.
superbe app!. qbook me facilite la tâche (pour ma part, la comptabilité est un fardeau) dans le fait de garder un œil sur les chiffres de mon entreprise . allezy!
needs more features. we need to be able to use this like the computer version reconciling and printing checks and deposit slips and it's slow
useless. this app is useless because if you have an online account with mac or pc you cannot use this app on your ipad! save your time, don't download it.
very handy.. great app for when i'm away from my pc and need to sort invoice or sort my accounts.
prices keep going up. prices keep gong up. it has doubled since i started.
needing improvements after more than a year. the app is good for entering transactions and it does this poorly. you have to perform searches which are cumbersome. despite the fact on mobile i have entered transactions for only five vendors, it shows a list of the vendors with whom have transacted business with the most for the last 15 years. this app only does a fraction of what the full online app can do.
one step submittal group. very good online software
très bon programme. plus de travail pour entrer les dépenses! quickbooks va importer les transactions directement du compte de banque automatiquement!
horrible. this app is horrible. it's a complete waste of space. it has no real functionality worth talking about. it is no better than the mobile site which is also useless.
it's really useful. it's really useful
chrashing in estimates. the app is great, only hiccup is that it restarts as soon as i go into opening a new estimate
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
good invoices. it has good looking invoices and invoice tracking. hopefully the new reports are more full featured. overall i like it
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
linked bank account. locked out. no customer service.. there is literally no phone support whatsoever for the mobile app. i'm still locked out of this app after linking my checking account.
mostly great!. at the moment qb's mobile won't work. some kind of trouble with company data downloading. hopefully fixed soon.. otherwise good and handy app.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
can't save invoices. love the app but after the latest update, i am no longer able to save invoices. most of my business is done through the mobile app, so this is a vital component. please remedy as soon as possible. thanks.
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
ios 13; don’t do it!. if you need this app to work correctly do not upgrade to ios 13 yet! many bugs... my worst bug: can’t look at any customer info anymore, does not work. yes i uninstalled and reinstalled...
love it. this app helps me keep my business organized on the go
needs work. i need to be able to print checks, but i haven't been able to figure out how yet. good for some things but not others. can't find how to access recurring transactions either.
broken for ios 13 please update. when you jack up the price 25% i expect more
top notch app for businesses. makes it so easy to run my business on the go!!!!
too sophisticated for just personal budgeting. i have been using quickbooks since 2006 and its predecessor before 2006. i only use it for my personal budgeting of 14 bank accts, 10 mortgages and 6 credit card transactions. sometimes i cannot figure out how to enter a transaction (transfers between accts, accepting matching transactions, credit card individual transactons versus balance payment) without creating a double entry or it cancelling out an entry. love, love, love the online version that i can access via iphone.
great but…. this app won’t get more than two stars until i can enter a single time activity from my phone.
engaged user who loves the product. team quickbooks, i think you have one of the better products on the market. i would really love to see payroll support on the app or available on mobile devices with your online product. i like the simplicity of your product and the user experience i think is better than others on the market. please deliver either a mobile browser supported payroll feature or even better a app solution now.....
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
sales receipts please. can you add the option to add sales receipts please? great app, thank you.
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
shady. very easily hacked and an unsafe server. average waiting time for customer service on the phone is hour. you will be transferred at least 2 to 3 times, hopefully you can get somebody who speaks english.
awesome!. i was hesitant about switching from desktop top to online, but once i adapted i found it was so convenient for people on the go. very simple and easy and ver accurate between desktopiphoneipad. extremely happy i made the change, highly recommended.
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
balance sheet. seem like they can’t fix having proper information on the chart of acct balances. it sends an error when you click on an acct. other than that the app is convenient
couldn't ask for more. vary good app with great integration with cloud web service. i have been using this app along with desktop cloud version with my business for little more then a year now and find it vary useful and the app tops it off being on the road with no access to computer as long as they continue to upgrade and offer quickbooks online with app i will subscribe
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
happy. good feature and happy overall with functionality. app crashes more than i'd like it too and wish some of the custom entered cogs i've created appeared on the app when inputting new expenses.
worth it. great to organize business. love the online support when getting started!
the invoice customization need big improvement. if you define customization mean capability to make different invoice like different logo diferent information on footer etc. i have to diferent areas of service in my company that use a diferent logos and footer information but quick book on line not work like the desktop version in this part. please fix that !!!!!
what’s going on?. i’m paying almost $11month for an app that “can’t update payment information right now.” this has been going on for weeks. i can’t even send current invoices. pointless to have at this time.
great app. i love working with quickbooks i can take it with me anywhere i go and makes everything with my business that much easier. i have used other apps that were good but they didn't tie everything together like quickbooks. i highly recommend it.
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
please: give us delayed charge. for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
great!. running my business has been so much easier since having quick books! invoices are no longer time consuming or hard :)
super appli qui a changé ma vie.. gain de temps faramineux dans mon activité. et j’ai une vue instantanée sur le business. mon expert comptable est ravi en plus car il ne perd plus de temps sur la saisie que je ne voulais plus payer et la collecte qui m’embêtait.
unable to login via iphoneipad. every time i try and login from my iphone or ipad it tells me no account associated with the given information. but when i login via a web browser with the exact same information i have no problem. basically defeating the purpose of the app. fix asap please
easy to follow. app is easy to follow even if you are not an accountant.
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken. 21517 latest updates are a constant crash.
small business owner. i have been skeptical about leaving all my business information in an external server, thinking that one day, the software seller is not longer in business. intuit has given me that confidence and now i am very excited with services i have received so far. the program is easy to set up and easy to use. very friendly menus. you can use as many functions you wish. is good even for those who have little experience keeping track of business.
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
qb app is useless. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either.
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
fantastic for when you’re on the move. this app has really helped me operate more efficiently from a mobile office. the ability to quickly and easily produce quotes and invoices from my ipad has been extremely useful. the app isn’t as fully featured as its desktop counterpart but it does enough to suit my needs, whilst i’m on the move. i’m running this app on a 10.5 ipad pro and it has been flawless.
suscripción suspendida! ya pague! pero sigue suspendida ayuda. ayuda ! esta suspendida y no puedo facturar
less than impressed. the interface is way to different from the online version. i can’t even access payroll through the app. it’s way to simplified to be useful. it needs a serious update to be more user friendly
great app. this app is a life saver. they have done a great job with it. i have tried all kinds of other apps and this is by far the easiest to use!
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
poor. if you write a review and the nickname is taken you have to start all over again. app is very limited and web version has problems with ipad pro
convenient access to financial information. we recently switched over from the desktop version of qb and have found the app to be a convenient way to view financial statements. i also really like the ability to take pictures of receipts and attach them to expenses from my mobile phone.
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
great app!!!!. very happy with the app works great and allows for same functionality as desk top
just like the web version. the new updates are great. it's just like the web version minus tax lodgements which is possibly due to regional differences. the only gripe i have is the lack of keyboard integration which means you will need to use the touch screen but it's an ipad app so can't really complain there.
useless app. hard and bad wrote app. can't use many of the functions of regular online version.
great!!. works so well. love how easy it is to use, love how seamless the app works as well as the computer version. so easy to send invoices via email. was so happy when i found out easy it is to use!
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
qb selfemployed ipad app please. why can’t we use the app on ipad?
solid gold. the transition to the new version was almost unbearably rough, but i am so happy with this platform for my staff + i. still the gold standard, looking forward to more compatible apps...
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
small business. i use it for estimates and invoices really don't use it to its fullest. but... i like it
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
horrible accounting program. barely an accounting program. one would think qb would create an online version mirroring their desktop software. navigating the online software is a headache, let alone using it for basic accounting purposes. of course qb ever improving their software is as likely to happen as me winning the lottery.
great accounting software. after using qb software for many years, i switched to qb online as a happy customer. i advise qb online especially if you are in wholesale trading.
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
do not waste your time on this free version. this is a very limited app. do not try it! app is limited and they just try to up sell the full version. support friendly but can not support a mobile version on an ipad . this product only good for desk top computer. would not recommend to anyone. beware. check out other reviews i simply ignored the negative reviews now i am writing one.
working good for me.. the qb online is what i have started with. i use the app and pc to access it. so far so good. i also notice how often qb's is updating and i have watched this version evolve over the last 3 years. my bookkeepers and accountant like it for my needs. i do not use payroll. every time i have called customer service i have had attentive reps.
could be better. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
less than worthless to me. who cares what customers are near me! i want to see banking information, view various account in qb, do real work on my ipad. i should be able to do anything on this i can do using qq online. should is the operative word here. don't waste your time and space on your ipad.
great tool for small business. i'm a self taught qb online user. was very intimidating at first, but what makes the difference is the amazing phone support staff. they are so patient and professional, i've never had to wait long for them to answer either. i highly recommend qb for anyone who wants to understand their business better and make better business decisions.
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
update terrible. completely broken at this point. searching for a viable alternative
needs a calendar interface. great app, a clickable calendar link would make it more user friendly
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
notes problem. customer notes in mobile app do not sync to customer notes in web version.
beautiful, so simple.. really great app.
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
no longer works with ios 13. i just updated to ios 13. the app now crashes immediately after it tries to launch my company. i tried reinstalling it but no luck. please fix this asap!
mostly simple app. mostly simple app. only issue is posting payments to invoice within app but online no problem.
great app but signs you out a lot. this is a great app and it works almost perfect but there's one really annoying issue. the app signed you out a lot and doesn't give you the option of entering back in with touch id but rather having to annoyingly enter your password. please fix this as touch id makes life so much more convenient rather than entering your password. doesn't always happen but more often than it should.
another weak quickbooks mobile app. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my pc...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then??
great tool for those on the go!. while there is a lot of functionality missing that would make this app even more convenient, what it does offer is a tremendous help while on the go. from creating invoices to recording expenses to seeing your p&l and balance sheet, this app is a great tool and extremely easy to use!
i am impressed!. i had to leave a review after being able to set up a new customer and then bill them all from my iphone! not a detail was missing compared to the desktop cloud version of quick books. good job intuit!
new update issues. the previous update solved these issues, but this current update causes error messages with sales rep login whenever creating invoices, and also causes printing communication errors constantly.
quickbooks online. don't usually write reviews but this app is definitely worthy of a review. if you are in the market for an invoicing program this is the only way to go!!
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
zero stars 10.3 is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
i love qb.. that is a great app for me.
just fine for a small business. if you are looking to get up and running quickly, then this will do just fine. the subscription is a little on the high side compared to sage's offering, but sage is a lot more difficult to use.
very limited... quickbooks is one of the best accounting tools out there... however this app is very limited. ipad is a very powerful device. but this app doesn't take advantage of that. things like: * auto save invoices to the files app * option to choose payment type * when you paste an email from the email apps, it doesn't recognize those emails.. * option to add company stamp and seal to the invoices
"no problems so far. i've only been using for about a week but no issues yet. i do wish qb would add a ""orders"" option that could then be invoiced."
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
great app. i have been using it and it is good. though i wish more features were added for suppliers.
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
crashes. downloaded this onto my ipad. as soon as i open it up it instantly crashes.
great app for accounting on the go!. i don't know why people are disappointed in this app it's an app, not an entire accounting software. plus it's free! i love this app. i can create, manage & send invoices on the go. that's all i need to do. it has a simple interface. kudos to qb.
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
be careful you will be charged $12,99 a month. did not know this app was going to cost me $12.99 a month. they make it hard to cancel. no unsubscribe or any other function if you don't want a monthly cost...don't download
jtw1234567. awesome app. i don't have time to do all of this and run my business too.
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
needs work. it's better than before but still doesn't download recent transactions with the ap. must log in on the computer to keep updated. why is that? needs attention.
great app. works well for small to medium size businesses on the go!
suscripción suspendida! ya pague! pero sigue suspendida ayuda. ayuda ! esta suspendida y no puedo facturar
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
easy and convenient. as a first time user, both app and desk top versions of quick is easy to use. moreover, the app makes my life much easier. even when i'm out of the office, invoicing, paying, receiving, and quick views of current status can be done at the fingertips.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
ipad trouble. i’ve been using the self employed app for almost two years. i had some issues with crossover between a new mac and my iphone. though a painful process, tech support eventually fixed it. now after downloading the app on ipad, the app won’t work on the ipad. says mobile access isn’t available. well what have i been doing on my phone for two years then?
almost right. love the quickbooks online app. use it on both my iphone and ipadvery easy to generate quotes onsite. just wish it allowed me to do purchase orders!
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
can’t use properly  soooo slow. i can’t use qbo app properly, the application is so slow, unable to load my data on my mobile (wifi lte network)
happy customer. best small business software ever. qbs has made my life so much better and my books are much more accurate🤗. thank you for a user friendly accounting service.
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
great app. love to have access to our invoicing and payment details wherever i am. super easy program to use.
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
crashing all the time. i know it's version 1.0, but still. it's crashing left, right and center all the time. you may want to wait 68 months before this app is stable.
amazing app!. very good app! helps you learn a lot about coding!
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
can't match bank transactions reliably. the only reason i use this app is to match bank transactions when i have some 'down' minutes. lately, they keep getting kicked back to me, so i have to match them on my pc anyway. also, you don't have access to both memo and description, so your notes don't appear in reports if you add the transaction though a bank connection.
make that 6 stars. love love love this app! makes life easier!
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient. so a lot of updates lately and still no way to create a statement from the app. this really is very frustrating.
good start. i wish i could log my time on the app. i suppose i have to pay extra for that. big disappointment.
lifesaver. i used to spend hours every week making my own invoices with spreadsheets, now with quickbooks, i can get all my accounting stuff done in minutes. it's the best decision i've made all year!
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
using new app for a week more problems longer i use it. really unhappy  i am missing data and receiving error messages and my only option for assistance is to use a form. am completely disappointed in quickbooks. limited functionality! come on intuit can't do any better than this and keep up with the times i have to use a computer or laptop to get full functionality?!
easy and userfriendly always available. i've only worked with quickbooks desktop version. so far i have been using this for a week it allows me to do invoices on the fly. and i can check my staff input at any time, very handy would recommend to anyone. especially small business!
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
pretty good but no international customers?. the vendors that are set up as eu or other don't show up on interface, a problem when half your business is international. also, entering invoices is cumbersome, only use for extreme circumstances. but nice to have something that partially functions when on the run.
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
james. love it!! we run our business on this,,
still can’t attach a receipt. even after the most recent update, i still can’t attach a photo of a receipt. i can select the photo from my library, but the save button has been missing since the last ios update.
excellent for small biz and freelancers. as a freelance artist who travels a lot, this app (plus online access) suit all of my accounting needs. easy to follow after you've learned the basics, and love doing my monthly books while on the subway. has clients and books all in one place. helpful to see who owes money and to track income flows across each year. all the reports are fantastic. best accounting software out there, worth the investment imo.
great, when it works. app is great, seamless when it works. problem is, it's only about 75% of the time. lots of errors on the mobile and desktop versions. any complaints go unaddressed. if you can run your business on 75% proficiency with no accountability from quickbooks tech support, then this app is for you!!
always crashes and says critical updates are needed.. constantly crashing. new photo software sucks. can barely recognize the edge of a receipt against a black backround. have to edit every single photo.
mostly simple app. mostly simple app. only issue is posting payments to invoice within app but online no problem.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
paypal integration very poor. quickbooks say it integrates with paypal and automatically downloads transactions. well, it does partly, but doesn't download into expenses the transaction fees with paypal here, meaning you have to do it manually. it will do it for an online purchase to the same account so why it doesn't work properly is a complete mystery and one support do not help with.
limited but powerful. the quickbooks app for the ipad works well with the online system. some limitations are inherent with the app that you have to go to the web based system from the desktop to accomplish. you can't create a statement with dunning notices, but you can send the invoice! from the job site, a quick invoice to the client helps improve cash flow and enhance customer relations.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
cannot link to amex. caution, you can no longer use the mobile app to link to your american express account. i first installed it in 2015 it was awesome because it linked to my american express account and i could go through and enter them into quickbooks very easily. now unfortunately they have just simply discontinued that feature for some reason and their technical support people refuse to even acknowledge that they used to do it in the first place
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
laborious expenses assignments. uploading pictures of billable expenses requires two lengthy entries...first at point of upload info is requested... but for accounting purposes only. second step is required to access list of expenses online and then manually retype all info listed under accounts into item chart...date, item, splits, quantity, rate, amount, check billable and then reenter client to be billed. why this can’t be entered once at point of upload is rediculously annoying. my manual invoicing system took less time than this program takes!
fantastic app. love love love this app. so easy to use, a must for any small business
actually professional now. i was using word to create invoices, then excel to keep track of when they were paid. now it's all done in one place and even sends a professional looking invoice to my clients! i should've moved to quick books long ago!
another weak quickbooks mobile app. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my pc...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then?? i love how i can only rate this useless app once in the lifetime of having it,i would give it no stars if i could!
love the added functionality. i have been using quick books online since it was released. they continue to listen to customers and improve their products. the app is great and can't wait for even more innovative functionality.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
dangerous. this app would like customer number, passcode and security number if you want to sync bank accounts. this has been confirmed by lloyds, bank of scotland and santander that doing this is dangerous. as you are giving them information they need to access your account and if anything went missing you would not be protected and this information should not be inserted at anytime
absolute magic. this app is brilliant it has made my account keeping so much easter and better, i'm not loosing bits of paper everywhere and find it much simpler to keep on top of everything (i think me using this has made my accountant much happier too as it has reduced his work load)
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
quick books online. good for customer data base. good for invoicing and receiving payments. fair at tracking expenses. near useless as an accurate or bookkeeping tool when linked to a bank account. so many obscure and poorly explained manual actions required that error is easy to introduce and tech support usually makes things worse. one may as use good old fashioned paper ledgers and a calculator. don't trust it with your numbers!
great product. i love using the cloud version of this software to make my business more streamlined
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
great program. very user friendly and much better than the traditional one. love how easy it is to track all of my expenses and can just snap a picture of them. highly recommended!
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
session expired loop. every time i log in i get a session expired message and logs me out. app is not usable.
good and convenient. i can sync quickbooks on my computer, ipad and iphone. convenient
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
nothing works for me. nothing works for me with this app. if i login using desktop, qbo is ok but when i use the app, there is no information; no clients, no invoices, nothing. the subscription says i have a free trial until 2037. phone support was unsuccessful.
almost there!!. please, please, please qb🙏🏼 you're a few key functions away from making this app the mobile office.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
"disappointed.... i had high expectations for this app., but it just doesn't deliver. half the features advertised return a message ""feature not supported at this time, please log on from a computer""! so what's the point? why not just not release the app until it works? looking for another option."
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
room for improvement. it’s a good app, with some good features, perfect for using on your phone. it would be nice, however, if the ipad version was more like the web version with more of the features available there. it’s frustrating having to switch between the two versions.
latest update is disappointing. i am on qb on my iphone off and on all day. the new update has me logging in nearly every time. very frustrating. the release notes indicate that its purpose is to fix bugs with the pin and fingerprint logins. it has become much worse. when i add a customer, i am unable to find that customer in my list.
works great for me!. i love this app! it is nice to be able to create invoices, accept payments, and email invoices on the spot. no more waiting to get back to my computer for data entry.
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
broken after update. not updating customer data, crashing, please fix it, i have a business to run!
saves me 250month on payroll.. i can now run my corporation from my tablet, without an accountant. invoice on job site while on the clock instead of for free at home away from kids. also it’s 250 bucks a month cheaper for qb to do my payroll compared to my accountant to do quarterly sales tax reporting and weekly payroll for 1 5 employees...
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
great app. i compared couple of similar products and quickbooks was defiantly the best. i still believe that they could enhance their app to have identical features of their web version.
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
excellent. excellent app
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient. so a lot of updates lately and still no way to create a statement from the app. this really is very frustrating.
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
better than sage. with a properly functioning mobile app, square integration & receiptexpense management, 10 times easier to use than sage(simply accounting)
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
needs more work. how about an already paid check box ? also an option for tax inclusive default would be nice. it would save half the time making an invoice if it had these options.
business solutions made simple. it's really great to have such an app to manage the business. the best part is linking the bank account with the quickbooks gives the brilliant touch of managing accounts easily. it's been more than 6 months since i started using. one suggestion is that if they could add the birthday remainders that would be great. recommended for start ups and pioneers.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
good software, terrible support. it's a pity the software both here and online is let down by the worst support i've ever experience for a paid service. in ireland only email support is given, and emails are not responded to for 3+ working days, sometimes not at all. also issues are not resolved. i've had the same problem since joining the service 4 months ago which has never been resolved and when i repeat my contact weekly nothing is progressed. shame
work as expected. good apps
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
doesn’t work. i have an iphone 8 and all of a sudden this app stops working. i call quickbooks and they can’t fix it. they closed the case in one day. don’t walk away from this company, run away.
ease of use. have used quick books for years but this has made invoicing an absolute pleasure because of ease of use
system modify for the better. great system except when you send an invoice out there is no way to mark it that it has been sent out . so you constantly have to keep a note book with all the customers and what is going on with each individual invoice.
worse update ever. finally you eat our petition to add calculator to the invoice keyboard and removed on this update? app freezes a lot
quick book app works amazing!!. love using the app for my tree company lets me be on the road and make up invoices.
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
good but frustrating.. no access to vendor information or purchase orders on an iphone or ipad. have complained about this for nearly 2 years. falling on deaf ears. they agree that it would make sense but there is no one that gives a *%!£ to do anything.
awesome!. fantastic app. as a freelancer i am often away from my office. being able to create estimates and have my clients sign them on the spot has been great. and being able to send invoices from anywhere has absolutely changed my life! love it.
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
still many bugs. still too many problems to be solved
love it! makes my life easier.. qbo is a must have especially if you are a one man operation.
need packing slip option. add the option to send packing slips from the mobile app
why use the app when you it lacks the features of the website. you can’t change the status of in invoice on the app and must be done online only. this is a major flaw in the app. once i do my taxes i will no longer be using quick books, because of the enforced complexity the system is rendered mostly useless. the app needs to have complete functionality of the site.
if you don’t use quickbooks you’re probably wasting a lot of time.. i find the day to day management of my business much easier and less time consuming since i started using quick books. as with everything, it isn’t perfect. i would like to see more features on the mobile app. that being said, i only use the app and it works well for me. customer service is excellent. they strive to resolve any issue you throw at them. i would highly recommend!
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
missing the ability to record bills in app. really can't believe they missed the opportunity to take photos of invoices we receive using the ipad. apart from that it's a excellent app
mr. recent updates have slowed both the phone and computer app to a crawl. very frustrating. otherwise a very good app on my phone.
charge for an expense???. can't even include an expense on an invoice. rubbish !!!!
personal accountant. brilliant softwareyou need to allow yourself a couple of hours to set up but once done it does all your reporting for you and keeps your finger on the pulse with your financial status  i love it!
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
terrible. what a terrible service have been unable to send invoices for 6 months now through there system. they send an email every month to say there engineers are looking into it. really been a total pain wish i never started using it. i tell all my friends and colleagues not to use it use at your peril
mr. great app for when i'm running around out of the office.
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
can't enter bills. if i can't enter bills on the ipad version, the software is useless.
"yay...it's working again!!. qbs has been quite efficient and easy to use! i appreciate like the constant improvements!! however, note to developer...i wish this app gave ""real time"" remindsnotices of when to bill a client based on days, just to make it more customized???!? maybe add a calendar with an to synchronize with the personalipad calendars??? i down know, i just find myself calculating day for my customized client each time, instead of just getting a notification. thank, still love this app!!!"
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
quick rip for me.. i find this app so frustrating and difficult. i have had it for nearly a year, paying for the services i can't even use. i have been trying to cancel it but there seem to be no option on the app. the website is asking me to trial the whole thing again. i can't even call and talk to a person. hhhhelp. i need to cancel.
works for me!. i love this this quickbooks app can cross platforms. every entry is accounted for in a matter which device i use (and i have a ton). as with anything, there are glitches but they do not stop production. like everything can't be perfect all the time and with the constant improvement, bugs are expected here and there.
crashing in on the reliable. overall not a great product  i actually do enjoy quickbooks online. but this app is just atrocious. history improve in so many ways just to get one more star out of me
"still have to use the old app. had to reinstall the old app cause i couldn't create new clients from my contacts with the ""new"" one. even deleted, reinstalled thinking i may have over look a pop up window. the old version still accesses my contact list so i'll use that one till the bitter end."
best app ever. i've used qbs for a long time and it gets better every year.
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
intuitive and robust.. a welldesigned, robust application. with functionality that crisscrosses accounting and nonaccounting domains, this is definitely a winner and a keeper. as other reviewers have said, support is amazing. the app is always evolving and improving. 5 stars for easeofuse, robustness and flexibility.
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
latest update buggy. the latest update will not compiler updating.
best accounting software. best investment made so far on quickbooks and the app just excels... this is really awesome :)
james. love it!! we run our business on this,,
needs a lot of improvement. missing a lot of features and information available with the web browser connection. can't see vendor history. can't sort how inboxes etc are listed. a few other issues. freezes often. in the middle of invoice entry, the system bounced me out for some reason, while not saving the work i had entered to date. did that twice. before i closed out and went to pc web connection. i love the possibility this app offers, development need to fix and enhance
just one small bug. great app, easy to create invoices on the road and track payments. just a small bug, when i click on terms in invoice the app just crashes. other than that it's fantastic.
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
stops unexpectedly. i can never really depend on this app because it shuts down unexpectedly. i can't really get anything done on the mobile app.
great app. love that i can get estimates approved right on my phone!
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
entering bills?????. why have intuit decided not to support bill entering on this app?!? it great i can import my paper receipts using the camera, but whats the point if i can't enter as a bill only an expense?!?
president. i’m busy right now trying to invoice, from customer service to user friendly software qb is on point for the business man. love the service for sure.
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
totally awesome solution. great and easy to use. even the mobile app is awesome.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
useless for sure. qbo is useless. can’t login with google account. forces me to create a newseparate password. can’t really access qbo via a browser on ipad. overall terrible experience. i’m sure it’s equally apple and qbo fault.
great app. after a little getting used to, this app works well. we're a small construction company that works two to three jobs all over the southeast. we've used quickbooks desktop for years, but as we've grown, jobs have taken my partners and i to different regions at the same time. qb online app allows us to ensure that all bids are taken care of, and allows us to see who's doing what.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
crashing and signing out. hi there this app continuously crashes saying it needs crucial updates. there are no updates and continues to do the same over and over again. i cannot use it at all now. help.
convenient.. this app makes book keeping a breeze. billing can be done on the go. i no longer end up behind on my billing do to not being in the office.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
crashes no bill of lading. missing two things, send invoices by text message and create bill of lading
thanks for adding sales receipt. and specially when integrate the go payment charge option into this app. it will be nice to include the sales recite transaction in the reports and not only invoices. also in the notes section to add integration with dropbox and g drive, now only have photo option
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
terrible app...... terrible app it does not work. since last update👿
new to business and this is great. i have now completed my second year running my business and without a doubt i owe some of my success to quickbooks as i don't have an admin person it helps me manage things also creates the professional image i need. i prefer using the web platform but when i am on the go and making small purchases for clients i love to add the expenses to their invoice on my phone before i forget!
paie. il serait vraiment apprécié de pouvoir entrer le temps travailler pour nos employés.
glaring omissions. this would be a decent app if it could do the very basics of the online version, but it can' track mileage or track hours. why?????
wow! loving the switch!. it's more than i had ever expected. using square or other solutions or good old fashion checks in the mail are nothing compared to how seamless qbo has made my life. that mac app, ipad app, iphone app and even the apple watch app give me the pulse on our company that i've needed for so long. can't wait to grow into more solutions with qbo!
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
serious billing issues.. the app started out wonderful. i could do anything i needed on the fly, then my monthly renewal came along. my card had expired, so i had to update my info and resubmit, not a big deal. it has been 8 days and they say they can't do anything about it, except convert me over to intuit billing, which is almost $10 more a month. i would not recommend using this until they get things figured out with apple billing.
quickbooks mobile app. i love the flexibility this app offers. it's a huge step and my personal goal to become paperless while giving me the ability to bill on site.
i am impressed!. i had to leave a review after being able to set up a new customer and then bill them all from my iphone! not a detail was missing compared to the desktop cloud version of quick books. good job intuit!
great app before last update. i've never had issues with this app until the last update. now i'm no longer able to save changes made to invoices, and i can not apply payments to invoices. there may be some other issues that i haven't stumbled across yet. hopefully the app team will have this resolved soon.
finally. finally intuit listened and added access to account registers to this app. now my accounting program tells me how much money i have, owe and are owed. thanks!! once the new online interface harmony is 100% compatible on mobile devices this app can finally go away for good.
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
love the app!. absolutely love this app. i can do everything on my phone on the go and hardly ever need to pull up qb on my computer. beautiful lay out, intuitive design and easy to use.... i'd rate it an a+ 👍
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
useless app for working in qbo. only found 2 reports available through the app. can’t “drill” into figures on the 2 reports provided. cannot access expenses on coa can’t really get any work done.
easy to use. great app. very happy with it
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
glitches. app has lots of glitches. try to create an invoice and it was not working. quickbooks has been awesome up to this point. i run my whole business through quickbooks in this new update has been a disappointment. should've left it alone!
getting better and better. the app was mediocre a couple of yard ago but still useful. it's getting more polished and even better now. good app!
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
please support iphone x & faceid. please support full screen resolution on iphone x and faceid
quickbooks accountant online. user friendly, accessible from anywhere on any device.
not bad. has some issues ... no consistency in how you log in ... one day by 4 digit pin , 1 hour later it wants the full email & password followed by a 6 digit pin via confirmation email . try to match payments incorrectly when the deposit clearly states who it's from ... 😳🔫 does do a good job with the bank feeds ... mostly .
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
great app. i don't have any problems with the app, seamless integration with the desktop.
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
electrical contractor. love using quick books.
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
good but. this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
great app. had quick books for a while, the app is easy to use and has most of the futures that you would need on a phone... any bigger thing use a comp.
sparkyreviews. i used to use invoice2go but fed up of how complicated and expensive it became, quickbooks allows for easy invoicing and estimating from home or on site, also allows me to review incomings and outgoings to my bank easily, giving me more spare time, and saving me money as i don’t need my book keeper anymore! could not be happier with this product!
labor cost. the software has all the infrastructure for tracking labor cost to individual customers. why can’t intuit enable it so the cost can be applied from weekly timesheets to the job cost of individual customers?
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
happy. good feature and happy overall with functionality. app crashes more than i'd like it too and wish some of the custom entered cogs i've created appeared on the app when inputting new expenses.
“updates”. every time i go to do something the app says it has to log me out to run updates. getting sick of typing my password constantly. (literally 100% of the time i try and use the app.) pretty much just use the website these days.
small business accounting. very helpful software for my business. has everything from accounting software to expenses, to employee payroll and deductions. has helped me become more efficient with my time. makes estimating and invoicing more streamline.
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
app crashes. since the recent update i can't get past the login page before the app crashes. makes doing work harder. what's next?
awesome business app. real time saver with awesome easy features that makes book keeping a breeze.
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
waste of time. i paid for the app to get the discount, spent an afternoon inputting information and suddenly it wouldn’t save anything. logged out, rebooted, problem still existed. uninstalled app. on reinstall, the system didn’t recognize my login and i couldn’t access any of the work i input. apple has my $$$ though!
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone. my only gripe with the app and it's operations is that not all of my customer emails that are sent are being received by my customers. i have highlighted this to quickbooks and they were extremely unhelpful in assisting with rectifying this matter, which i found extremely disappointed given this is a paid subscription service, and not a free service.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
please add a vital function. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. adding bank deposits etc. surely it's time to add this to the app. for me it's unusable
qb online. absolutely perfect i've been using the qb app and this is exactly what i've been looking for i'm a painting contractor and this app is going to make it easy for me. if you are a qb user it's a must get
james. love it!! we run our business on this,,
stuff always wrong or glitchy. seems every time i turn on quickbooks by pc or mobile app, something doesn't work! never buy online version, it sucks
so easy to use. such a great platform to use. i can easily work remotely or at home and have no issues. as a finance professional i recommend quickbooks to anyone who is a non accountant
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
credit card processing. latest update broke credit card processing on multiple devices we use for our business. update fix is taking much longer than it should.
flawless. first app that i've used that really hasn't had any problems at all. i do most on my computer but this is nice to have in case you're in a jam
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
way to much money for the service don't buy into claims. never is up to date loads so slow a total waist of money.
meilleur logiciel de comptabilité. les applications pour ipad et iphone doivent être amélioré car lors des enregistrements de facture il y a des code erreur alors que c'est bien enregistré mais pour le reste j'utilise depuis plus de 2 ans et je suis très satisfait!!
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
quickbooks mobile. can’t print mobile.... on a mobile app. still writing invoices and entering them later 2x the work and the price keeps going up.
great support. we use the app almost exclusively to keep our business mobile. recently had an issue and contacted customer chat to get it resolved. they had me screen record it happening and said they would push to engineering for fix. honestly didn’t expect anything fast but they fixed the issue and included it in the new patch. it’s been about a week or less so a big thank you the support teams for getting it fixed and getting us back to normal.
bom. mas por favor criem a opção de exportar o orçamento direto pelo whatsapp 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
pretty bad. they will lie about the processing time for electronic payments. also, the customer services is the worst you will get. after waiting 30 minutes on the phone, you will get a representative with english as a 5th language. good luck.
quickbooks. great app. excellent business account program to run my business from my iphone.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
great app before last update. i've never had issues with this app until the last update. now i'm no longer able to save changes made to invoices, and i can not apply payments to invoices. there may be some other issues that i haven't stumbled across yet. hopefully the app team will have this resolved soon.
love it so easy to use.. what a great app simple to use and the support is there if you need. would differently recommend it to anyone who runs a small business.
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
trouble generating customer statements!. i’ve been a loyal customer to qb for over 10 years. recently added a new company and transferred over my customers. have not been able to generate statements for them....it’s been ongoing for 5 months with no resolution. other than that it’s been great, just very frustrated that they can not figure this problem out!!
couldn't run my small biz without qb. have used for 4 years. always learning new things. have a great customer service  support. very user friendly for us biz owners who don't have a background in billing  payroll.
room for improvement. it’s a good app, with some good features, perfect for using on your phone. it would be nice, however, if the ipad version was more like the web version with more of the features available there. it’s frustrating having to switch between the two versions.
typical intuit product. buggy, not awesome user experience. slow, lots of errors, doesn't work most of the time and no support. use freshbooks or something else if you care about running a business.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
unusable. doesn’t connect to my account.. every time i try to login it says there is no company associated with my account. it works fine through a mobile browser or desktop browser. the app is completely unusable, how convenient. tech support says there is a glitch...you don’t say.
works well and good value. we migrated from the desktop version and that was relatively easy to do and the online version is cost effective and does what it says on the tin! it's great that it's on my phone and ipad as well as desktop gives me access when i need it. no issues so far and the support is good.
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
useful as a viewer not if you use it to update your records. says that it accepts my transactions then when it syncs, all the transactions i accepted are back and my balances are off again. quite frustrating. but it did let me see reports etc. kind of useless for me though since i don't always want to work using the computer.
great app. i run my one person business on quikbooks and i am not a detail person. my clients comment all the time on the ease of payment!! love it love it
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
great app!. i was using quickbooks pro desktop 2013 before going to online 2016. all i can say is wow! i never realized how much i was missing. reconciling expenses with automatic bank and credit card transaction downloads can be done on my phone anywhere and anytime. no need to log into bank and manually download. huge time saver. also keeps me up to date on my finances with great reporting built in and at my fingertips.
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
un most para las empresas. la mejor app y software para llevar la contabilidad de tu empresa. sencillo y en línea! te calcula todo limpio y sin problemas
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
online quickbooks. quickbooks online is so different from the regular quickbooks. it will require a new learning curve to use it. hard to print payroll checks and regular checks reliably. it is handy to have things online, but it looks like we are a few generations away from it working well.
doesn't refresh, date filtering doesn't work. does not reliably refresh and load new data, no matter how many times you close and reopen. it only does it when it wants. date filtering for reports is non functioning. will only generate reports for the period from jan 1 to present. even if you select new date filters, it still loads jan 1 to present.
great book keeping app. use this app with the online version at home. very happy with it indeed. support could be a little better. but support is adequate. been using it for a couple of years and i'm very pleased.
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
very spotty usability. honestly, i love the idea and i love quickbooks online, but this app is usable only like 50% of the time... it always seems to say ‘we can’t get all of your (paymentinvoicebanking) details, try again later’. so all i can use it for is to see profit and loss for the month. would be nice if they could get that stuff fixed!
can't wait for more!. yeah, it's not going to be the only way you use quickbooks. but having the opportunity to have a mobile capability is immensely helpful. it's how you use it and when to that makes this app great!
paie. il serait vraiment apprécié de pouvoir entrer le temps travailler pour nos employés.
great program for what is asked of it.. great program (i use desktop app on my macbook pro). but constant “improvements “ make it hard to find menus you once had. needs a one click solution to print all open invoices at once. biggest complaint is i get thrown off a few times a week. it’s a quick reload, and i have not lost any data, but annoying.
mr. great app. i use it all the time on my phone and tablet.it works seamlessly with qbo. invoicing, receipts, checking my account, giving it to my bookeeper all easy and on the go. i couldn't do without it now.
my company has grown with quickbooks. i logged in my first invoice in quickbooks the summer of 2001 when i started my first business. over the years, i have not used any other software other than.
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
owner. online is getting better with each update still has a few more options i would to able to perform from mobile and laptop being using qbooks for 11 yr
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
having issues with iphone 11. after installing the app, and attempting to access it results in crashing.
good app!. add travel tracking to app
great. works pretty good. can't match partial payments. those must be exact match unless il missing something
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
happy. good feature and happy overall with functionality. app crashes more than i'd like it too and wish some of the custom entered cogs i've created appeared on the app when inputting new expenses.
touch id does not work. i have it checked and yet when i load the app it keeps asking for password. pointless, just remove touch id as an option since it does not work as it should.
so so. hard to understand how to do a lot of things, and frustrating at times. customer service though is very good, i just wish i had more time to work with them.
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
bad user interface. the service doesn’t fully integrate with mobil usage. paying for the payroll service and can’t even use it. garbage, waste of money.
brilliant. brilliant app keeps my business in order
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
latest rev still buggy. when adding a new customer, cannot import contact info besides names. address email and phone numbers not automatically being added while accessing phone contacts. also receiving consistent home error message of being unable to access company info.
amazing app for a small or medium business. very user friendly. don't have to be an account to enter data, app allows you to do everything on the go.
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
why use the app when you it lacks the features of the website. you can’t change the status of in invoice on the app and must be done online only. this is a major flaw in the app. once i do my taxes i will no longer be using quick books, because of the enforced complexity the system is rendered mostly useless. the app needs to have complete functionality of the site.
great app to use with phone and desktop. great app but needs: ipad pro resolution splitscreen support pip video support
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
if it worked.... won't load my bank balance in the app i have to do it on the laptop, it's frozen twice and can't connect to qb online. had it 12 hours so far
"enjoying quickbooks online. easy to use interface and they are frequently updating features. my only complaint is that sometimes when searching for sent invoices it won't recognize, for example 74, when it's ""invoice 2015074"""
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
clumsy, error prone, price has doubled.. not a completely trash service, but it hasn’t gotten any better despite company promises. price has doubled since i initially joined. ipad app bugged, today i tried to enter an invoice payment, no joy. tried to leave service last year and the year before. exporting info was a nightmare, and impossible on mac, effectively leaving me held hostage. cancelling service at end of year as i’d rather try a different online accounting or simply go with a desktop version.
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
don't bother!. except for the cost, i really like quickbooks online. this ipad app is nothing even close and is basically useless.
great program. quickbooks online has become the way we operate our business. it went from being an accounting system to doing work orders, job tracking and everything in between.
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
"immediate session time out. immediately logs me out due to ""session time out"", rendering the app completely useless. 😒"
mileage tracking not working. the app works well except for mileage tracking
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
not so good. i use the web based app and love it. the ipad & iphone app is not all that. i think qb should include a dashboard for the iphone & ipad.
makes handling my business easier.. enjoy the invoice and payment features and reports, plus the app. makes my life much easier.
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
great, when it works. app is great, seamless when it works. problem is, it's only about 75% of the time. lots of errors on the mobile and desktop versions. any complaints go unaddressed. if you can run your business on 75% proficiency with no accountability from quickbooks tech support, then this app is for you!!
awesome!. so easy to categorize expenses and view financial statements in seconds!
mr. recent updates have slowed both the phone and computer app to a crawl. very frustrating. otherwise a very good app on my phone.
very frustrating. i can't understand why quickbooks refuses to put time tracking in their mobile app. time tracking is weak at best on a desktop but excluding it on mobile makes no sense. as a graphic designer who only sells time, this is close to worthless.
small business owner. this app is perfect! 100% of what i need all the time!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
bad update. won't work at all after i updated today.
mgrm. great app
banking. great app just the banking doesn’t always pull over on fist couple tries to load transactions
from bad to worse. going downhill fast, the app version is very restricted. also the price is getting higher, they entice you in with a low start price that then increases once you are locked in. scared to leave as i am unsure what data i will loose
simplicity for a complicated world. thank you, quickbooks! this is seriously a life saver app! super simple and convenient!
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
crashing and finger id. this app keeps crashing and the fingerprint id still doesn't work, apart from that it's good!
excellent app. this app is amazing, makes my life so easy and customer service is very helpful.. will definitely recommend. just one thing that needs working on, app does not sync with my barclays bank account so i have to export statements manually and upload to app, otherwise 5 star from me.
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
absolutely inconsistent. probably the worst app i had on my phone. i have deleted it. it gives incorrect, inconsistent notifications. it’s completely useless to access certain parts of qbo. how incredibly unfortunate that intuit can’t build an app that can compare with the advances made in qbo.
managing partner at green mesa capital, llc. a very useful app. i can do everything i want through this app. in addition, the app has features the browser does not have, like the expense receipt capture.
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
good. good apps
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
poor. if you write a review and the nickname is taken you have to start all over again. app is very limited and web version has problems with ipad pro
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
mohammed salman 6s. superb app all ledger's are in just my pocket my request is to app developer suppliers options suppliers balance
broken app. unusable. going on over a week like this. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money.
helped a lot. i am so happy that i listened to the accountant at work who recommended qb to me. it has made tracking business expenses and my taxes so much easier.
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
great app. easy accounting program to implement and run with. great to have access across all my devices.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
touch id fail. please stop making us enter a password everyday. every other app that uses touch id doesn't have this issue. thumbs down qb 👎🏼
easy. great app that is so simple to navigate, and dead easy for business novices. well designed.
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
crashes. would give it 0 stars if possible. crashes immediately after opening page information is submitted. don't waste your time
excellent for small business. i'm an independent contractor and this has been invaluable for invoicing and taking payment. the only thing i don't like about the service is how much extra it costs to upgrade to time sheet entry. being a software engineer, i have a decent idea of the effort involved in designing a time keeping system and jump to add on time sheet management is way too high.
constantly having to sign in!. i wish quickbooks could figure out how to not have the app constantly make me reenter my password.
1 step forward  2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to redownload all the info. hurry up and wait
superb. the app on the iphone is great. works perfectly and great for quick invoicing. the ipad app is even better as provides much more in depth information. even better both apps work seamlessly with each other. don't know what i would do without this app.
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
needs improvement. the bottom line is its a half attempt at a usable app the key features such as updating and access to registers don't work and the work around snare to tedious
transformed the way i do business. quickbooks online combined with the quickbooks app have changed the way i do business. i don't have everything figured out but that is on me to get sorted out. very flexible and stable.
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
great app. great app for someone on the go. chris
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
invoice quantity wrong. when i go to create an invoice and type in a quantity of 1, the total amount equals zero no matter how much the amount. it isn’t calculating correctly. also, it states that the email address i type in is too long even though it is the same email address that i’ve used before.
great app. this app  software really saves my life.
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
no backup. i no longer needed the software so cancelled. but, once they stop collecting your money, they destroy your financial records. this then makes it impossible to do your taxes! unless you have a backup or regularly download the records, it will screw you over. i contacted them and they basically said, you lose! canadian law requires them to maintain your records for seven years!
great app. love the app. been using for years and have never had an issue
touch id. can we get touch id support to replace the pin?! otherwise very good product.
not useful. hard to use. logs out when you switch screens. fields not consistent.
"hilfreiche ergänzung. obwohl die app nur auf englisch vorliegt und damit die bedienung manchmal ""erraten"" werden muss, ist sie eine gute ergänzung zur pcanwendung quickbooks online. es gibt zwar einige einschränkungen insbesondere bei den einstellungen, die teilweise nur am pc geändert werden können, aber für auswertungen oder schnelle eingaben unterwegs durchaus nützlich."
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
be careful. i resynced my bank feeds and two years of transactions got deleted. i spent an hour on the phone and was told they couldn't fix it...
amazing for small business!!!!!!. i started my service business one year ago and enrolled in quickbooks from day one. i can't rave enough about it! it's made tracking customers, invoices, and expenses so easy i can focus on my work instead of the accounting. still impressed and just in the process of adding payroll.
"communicates across platforms. i enjoy being able to enter an expense on my phone app and see it on my laptop. i have had to discontinue the ""mac app"" on my new macbook because it shuts down or tries to log in without letting me enter the password and ends up in an endless loop. i just use the web version and that seems to be ok. i wish the easy to use features on my phone were as easy on the laptop."
crap. this update is crap. my invoices won't update with the ipad. nothing like beta testing on your customers. typical for quickbooks
love it. so easy to use and fantastic customer support for those of us who are not good at this kind of thing, would highly recommend quickbooks for all small businesses, we love that being online we can have it on all our devices and have what ever we need on hand all the time, no more leaving quotes at home! invoicing on the run is great too.
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
owner. useful for small business. able to use mobile app and coordinate with online.
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
best app i use. i have been using this app for about 30 days now and it dose everything i need it to do on the go. the only thing i would add is the ability to make a deposit in quickbooks via the app. if you use quickbooks you should have this app
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
fantastic software !. currently in a middle of a building site, sending clients invoice & estimates. now my time is my own this evening ! couldn’t do with out it .
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
login will not allow me to paste my password. i use quickbooks online, so i use a very strong password that is stored in an app (1password). it would be extremely annoying to hand type a 25 character random password into this app. and i'm unwilling to compromise my security for my online financial data. therefore this app is totally useless to me.
great app !. great app
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
slow at the app not compatible with ipad. something wrong with this app , slowly uploading and not easily manageable on the ipad
easy to edit invoice. was happy to be able to edit an invoice on the fly without the need to be in the office to log onto the computer to do so!
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality  i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
best accounting software. so easy to use. has so many features.
works for me. the system is somewhat easy to use, and works for my purposes. although it's a shame that this is the only option from quickbooks for canadian mac users. not even a desktop version is available. if you have another option besides mac, it would be cheaper to own. you could get quickbooks pro for $250 for windows desktop. or pay 1 year of quickbooks essentials for $240.
no activity?. none of my vendors have any activity (transactions) available within this app. almost rendering it completely useless in our business.
good app, a bit expensive to upgrade. good app, but a bit expensive to upgrade. it holds me back from doing it
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
don't bother. been using qb desktop for years. disapointed in the sasmobile version. mobile app is slow and frequently fails to load at all. not much functionality at all besides creating invoices. checking account balances or customer ar is not worth the bother on mobile app. this is an ok solution. i bet there are better options available than qb mobile app.
can't live without it. i don't know how i did business before this app. i love that i can access my company books anywhere. i love the way i can take a photo of the receipts for my expenses. thank you qb!
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
i'd complain about crashing. but it won't even open. i used this app every single day for years, now its trash?! get it working please. i have paperwork that needs to get done.
great so far. using quickbooks for the first time, so far, input is quick and easy. this app is making it possible to start my own business.
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
"rarely works. the quickbooks app worked great for awhile. now with the last update, nothing refreshes. i'm always receiving messages that it can't ""update at this time. try again later."" very disappointing"
very good app.. really like this app.
good but. have had issues logging in or not accepting password
much room for improvement. if it were free, it's a great product , but as a paid program and app, it could use a good deal of user input towards improvement
brilliant, simple and seamless. i've been a big fan of qb for the past 10 years or more...and now that the system is online and in app format...it's all so easy and user friendly...very intuitive. you have to have this.
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
clumsy. lacking in basic accounting features. inconsistent and confusing interface. out of harmony with the browser based front end. dfficult to believe that intuit would release a product this bad.
great app. best software for small business, better priced than other software on the market.
good but this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
qb app. not useful as it could be as you can't enter a bill! not being able to enter a bill makes it useless to work from an ipad or tablet device.
excellent. great app and program.
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
needs work. it's better than before but still doesn't download recent transactions with the ap. must log in on the computer to keep updated. why is that? needs attention.
great app. great app that does all it promises to do. so handy for getting out quotes when away from the office.
ok but needs work. we have 4 ipad2 running his app to invoice and do estimates on the go. much better and faster than previous versions. would still like to see some type of service form so we can make multiple service calls on a project then tally up and invoice together. also the new activity page doesn't show sent info on invoices and estimates. that was very helpful. they should put it back in. overall better.
crash, crash, crash. this app will crash and after every single thing you!
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
date range. how do i change the date range on the dashboard?
great app!¡. im always on the go and this app is great when invoiceestimate has to be sent immediately or when there is no computer access¡¡ highly recommended for biz on the go!!
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
quickbooks. super easy to use! i was able to backlog and bring my business up to speed with quickbooks within a few hours after downloading quickbooks! operating the app is fun and accessible!
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
app not working on iphone. i’ve been trying to install the app on my iphone (6s) with the current version of ios for the past couple of months. the app downloads and installs. when i tap the app to open it, the screen briefly shows the intuit quickbooks logo and then closes. i called support but the told me to go to apple. the ability to use the app to capture receipts etc was a big draw to using quickbooks online. very disappointed.
mrs. love quickbooks and this app is sooo easy to use and love it!
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
great!. versatile and wonderful app
so good. best account software available
last update killed this app. tiny bit better. i can't even.... will wait for the next update g to then i can't use it. after update today it works better. still not working right makes me log in every new session.
abc air conditioning. fantastic, simple and has made a massive difference
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
i love this app. this is the easiest to use and simplest way to use it.
5050. good tool but it's slow in the network and chews threw battery.
don’t update. ever since last update it crashes when i try to run a credit card. was talking with customer support for an hour and all she could say is i understand. when i asked to speak to a manager the line was disconnected
great app. just started my own business and having quick books is a lifesaver. easily customized and user friendly. the app saves time since i can maintain my books on the go and my cpa sees the same thing instantly. great app for a service business
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
incomplete and not easy to use. privacy settings are lacking as they previously were in the online version. to be useful, i need to be able to pass the ipad to a sales associate sioux giving them the amount of access they currently have (with the limited privacy settings). also, the login and password system is cumbersome meaning it isn't quick to open up the app to charge a customers card (faster to run it through the online version)
easy to use. i have been using qb for almost 3 years now and have had nothing but good things to say about the service provided. the support has been great anytime i needed it, they were johnny on the spot. i would highly recommend this to any small business that wants to take the stress out of bookkeeping.
pretty good. it has improved over the years but still needs work. one thing that needs improved is that once an invoice is created its harder to edit a line item without deleting it and reentering the line item. entering payments is not as easy with the app is it is with the web based version. i always use the web based version when possible.
absolutely inconsistent. probably the worst app i had on my phone. i have deleted it. it gives incorrect, inconsistent notifications. it’s completely useless to access certain parts of qbo. how incredibly unfortunate that intuit can’t build an app that can compare with the advances made in qbo.
great mobile execution. this is a great extension of qb online and includes the same userfriendly interface. it makes sending invoices on the go a breeze. love it!
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
works great. i just started using this for a small business and while i'm still figuring out a few of the functions for accounting, it's quite intuitive overall. it's a very useful piece of software.
system modify for the better. great system except when you send an invoice out there is no way to mark it that it has been sent out . so you constantly have to keep a note book with all the customers and what is going on with each individual invoice.
iphone 11 fail. can’t get this app open on new phone. was never a problem before!
one best app for accounting. one of best app for accounting
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
crashes since update. i've tried to create a twoline invoice repeatedly since the update, and it crashes every time. will update review when it works.
awesome app. it's very user friendly and informative. i really like how easy it is to assign an expense category and the convenient display of the profit  loss feature.
latest update works with ios13. normal operation resumed.
way too limited. i can’t even use the app to see if a bill was processed. it only allows you to view check or ach transactions and deposits. checks processed through bill pay don resigister as activity.
the best for small biz. to be able to login and get to your quickbooks anywhere is awesome! if you love the ability to work at different locations using dropbox because your files are where you need them, this is the same level of mobile convenience because your data is always where you need it!
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
scam. not happy since day one. i got totally scammed. not very helpful but exceptionally good at taking your money. they can’t do anything technical and continually stuffed up my app so it was unusable. i’m now suspicious and worried as they have access to my finances and data. i will look at fair trading to report the company as i cannot get a refund either.
great job. great app. very well designed and very user friendly
mr. recent updates have slowed both the phone and computer app to a crawl. very frustrating. otherwise a very good app on my phone.
useless  data download errors. the app worked great for the past couple years and now all the sudden it keeps crashing when trying to download my data. i own a mobile business and now i'm having to preplan and print invoices before i show up because the app is useless.
awesome!. i have always enjoyed using quickbooks. over the years i have moved from quickbooks to quickbookspro to quickbooks enterprise and now quickbooks online. this online system is awesome. if integrates well with other systems i use, it’s easy to navigate (once you take the free courses), customer service is excellent when i have issues  and it will move straight into my turbotax corporate filings. love, love, love it!
pretty good. it has improved over the years but still needs work. one thing that needs improved is that once an invoice is created its harder to edit a line item without deleting it and reentering the line item. entering payments is not as easy with the app is it is with the web based version. i always use the web based version when possible.
login. i am not able to login.
good to review. i haven't got deep into it to create billing invoices yet but just to review what i've done from the work station, it's great.
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
ads and limited features. it’s a hassle to figure out how to say no to the ads without accidentally buying something. that applies to ipad and web version. the ipad has limited features compared to the web version. if you pay for qb online, you will forever be a small business, working for intuit.
qbo quickstart. i find it user friendly, reasonably easy to pick up and the ability to use it on my phone, ipad or pc is very useful.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
virtually unusable. so much important elements that are not here  bills payment stub or remittance advise doesnt even have a reference or a check #, transaction history etc.
excellent. quickbooks online works great for me and makes my work much easier especially with the phone app
good by minor issues. works good in keeping up to date with customers and collections of money. sometimes has issues trying to log in.
crashes and fails. it crashes, it fails and it's not as good as invoice2go sadly.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
useless for bookkeep. cannot access chart of accounts or bank accounts so i can not enter checks or payments. this is of no use to my business. so disappointing!
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
very easy and convenient!. i love having the mobile app. it makes it easy to enter transactions on the spot without having to stop and open up my computer to login.
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
great app. after a little getting used to, this app works well. we're a small construction company that works two to three jobs all over the southeast. we've used quickbooks desktop for years, but as we've grown, jobs have taken my partners and i to different regions at the same time. qb online app allows us to ensure that all bids are taken care of, and allows us to see who's doing what.
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
works well but sometime updates break it so update with caution.. about every 6th update seems to have an error. overall its great.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
just started with it.. can i attach a file to an invoice that i create with the app? i don’t see the option and we need to be able to do this or this appprogram won’t work for us.
quick books. great app
latest update works with ios13. normal operation resumed.
not pleased. i put the qb online app on my new ipad thinking i wouldn't have to lug my laptop around the country anymore.... it does not have the functionality or settings i need in canada. it's made for the states, which normally isn't a huge deal because we are very similar. but i couldn't input my tax codes or even my province! lame........
"customer service is outstanding.. i'm a contractor, not a ""business man"" by any stretch. but, the qb staff have helped me many times to navigate and learn. kudos!"
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
app ruined. this is getting old. the app seems to be unusable every time an update heads out way. my invoices are showing old data, are not updating to show payments and do not match what is correctly shown in the real online desktop service. please fix , and stop updating prior to testing
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
mohammed salman 6s. superb app all ledger's are in just my pocket my request is to app developer suppliers options suppliers balance
bad program. won't send estimates and invoices. buisness cash flow has been screwed up.
qbo saves us time and unnecessary work.. we love using the app at our company. integrating the payments and signing contracts on ipads has helped make a huge difference.
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
bad program. won't send estimates and invoices. buisness cash flow has been screwed up.
quickbooks. super easy to use! i was able to backlog and bring my business up to speed with quickbooks within a few hours after downloading quickbooks! operating the app is fun and accessible!
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
last update very bad. the last update (today) now every time i sign in it says session expired and signs me out. i can't even get into it. quickbooks please fix fast!!! i use quickbooks on iphone a lot. if it does not work it is useless to me!
great little app. excellent app for basic book keeping invoicing etc and keep up with the book keeping on the fly. but to do the serious stuff you still need to work from a laptop or desktop.
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
buggy. try to submit feedback and can’t within the app. they removed the quantity column from invoices and their support is dismissive. this is a big company who price gouges and doesn’t really care about it’s customers.
great for invoices. i use it mainly for invoicing.
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
gerald. tax . tax here applied is actually confusing as only sales tax is taken into account. it's as if purchases or expenses are not taxed. if you need to claim tax on purchases or expenses doesn't show anything. it's as if i do it manually or. how do i import quickbook intuit into quickbooks online. or why not merge some features in intuit to online. it's not only as you say to do invoice as you go but you can't account for your taxes.
easy and efficient!. the app serves perfectly to capture transactions on the go, snap a pic and enter amount and accounts then review later if needed on a computer. simple, some people expect this to be fully functional for some reason; if you need a fully functional program then you really should have the appropriate expenses towards computers and software anyways. this app makes the book keeping process easy as cake for clients and the accountant.
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
must buy two services. i’m selfemployed and need to track miles as well as be able to send estimates. with “quickbooks selfemployed” you can track miles but you cannot send estimates. with “quickbooks online” you can send estimates but you cannot track mileage. to me, these things should be doable with the same serviceapp but here they are not. plus, customer service is not educated on their product or helpful.
excellent application. i like it, amazing app 👍🏼
kevin morton. easy. not using any other software.
app problems. okay!! so for like 2 years, your app will not configure with the desktop version and none of the email addresses get updated. so in my case, i had been sending invoices to the wrong person and couldn't figure out why i wasn't getting paid? fix this like it used to work 3 years ago
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
awesome. one of the best apps i have used for tracking and creating invoices, keeps me on track and easy to use.
online quickbooks. quickbooks online is so different from the regular quickbooks. it will require a new learning curve to use it. hard to print payroll checks and regular checks reliably. it is handy to have things online, but it looks like we are a few generations away from it working well.
horrible. crashes every time. horrible customer service. move on to another app.
nice app. nice app, quick and easy. smart invoices and bank matches. i don't like paypal, so wouldn't use that payment option.
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
pdf note on ipad. why can't we add a pdf note on ipad app. i can do it by accessing desktop version on ipad. but it's a pain doing it that way. the writing in the download box. the ipad wants to copy that. instead of accessing icloud or other cloud options. it takes several trys to do it that way. it would be simpler to add that option to the app. come on guys keep up with the technology. quit lagging behind.
great app. very easy to use. reliable. every once in a while it has loading issues but it's rare.
super appli qui a changé ma vie.. gain de temps faramineux dans mon activité. et j’ai une vue instantanée sur le business. mon expert comptable est ravi en plus car il ne perd plus de temps sur la saisie que je ne voulais plus payer et la collecte qui m’embêtait.
mr. trying to type this review the second time. first time have typed up a review, i was told my chosen nickname is taken and the whole text disappeared! basically app is waste of time! not all of my set suppliers are displaying. for an accounting program it should be spot on before publishing. i would not trust this app. beware!
works good for me.. for myself a small company works well for billing on the road. was able to download and email general information to acquire a business loan while on the road. not as customizable as some accounting software bit still great for the price. support is alright. i have talked to someone quickly every time i call during business hours.
quickbooks online. the app can be frustrating at times to use, not enough flexibility. can't make up its mind wether to ask me to sign in or use finger print login. need option to control where deposits go.
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
bravo !. bravo pour cette application intuitive, simple et efficace. il manque encore quelques fonctions présentes sur la version web et bien utiles, comme la recherche sur les champs spécifiques  personnalisables ou encore la capacité a gérer les rapports par exemple mais j’imagine que cela viendra dans les prochaines versions. félicitations aux développeurs pour ce beau travail !
good but this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
hate repeated login verification. decent app. not nearly as good as full site, but i guess that is to be expected. i have to repeatedly verify my login from my devices which is incredibly annoying.
mr. a very practical application with absolutely brilliant back up support and service !!!
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
ios 13 crash. an awful app that is made even less useful in ios13 because it just crashes straight after running.
fantastic. i love this app! it's very useful
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
great software. very happy i use to use a different software but it wasn't as good as quickbooks thank you quickbooks
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue
owner. this software has been the best ever. it has made my job so much easier and faster for billing.
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
stopped working. i used to get nice p&l reports on my dashboard. all those reports disappeared after latest iphonr update.
quickbooks. i have been using quickbooks for about 3 years. i use the ipad version and the quickbooks online version. it does almost everything i would need it to do. i am really liking this last update.
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
good user experience. found the app very useful. made easy for me to update on the go. report wise, might be useful to have a report that prints out the attached receipt as well. good job guys
online quickbooks. quickbooks online is so different from the regular quickbooks. it will require a new learning curve to use it. hard to print payroll checks and regular checks reliably. it is handy to have things online, but it looks like we are a few generations away from it working well.
"confusing and cluttered app. i love that nearly all of the features in the desktop app are here in the mobile app. however the interface, especially the home page, is confusing and cluttered. ""company activity"" is a bit useless as the default page. show me the charts of paidunpaid invoices. i think the developers are tasked with including every single feature and that clouds their design judgement. it's not an easy ask but let's make this app more mobile friendly."
user friendly  no need for anything else. this is an amazing app to use on all devices with my quickbooks online package. managing all aspects of my business from wherever i need it. highly recommended.
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
not accurate. the data on the app does not match the data on my computer when logged into qbo. this gets worse with the more time that passes by. the only way to fix this, at least temporarily, is to uninstall the app from my phone and reinstall it again. that is a real pain! i will now delete the app all together!,
handy app.. i've struggled for a while with record keeping and this app makes it very easy to keep records and do my day to day book keeping.
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
no es para argentina. bien pero no pude incluir los bancos
satisfied customer. i'm a new user of qb app, and like what i see so far. it's easy to use and is a great asset to help keep my finances straight. it's worth the $10 per month.
a good assistant on the go. the phone app doesn't do as much as i'd like but i couldn't run my business without the software!
always have problems. this application made only to collect money from us and every time they increase their monthly payment always have errors and problems and now big issues that i can not open the application on my phone and no one reply to our email or calls they are totally worst customer service ever
discount. one of the best accounting software on the market. the only think that maybe can be added is the discount feature on the invoice.
good but. have had issues logging in or not accepting password
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
good customer svc. one month in and not one paper invoice. hvac techs in the field say that it's easy to use.
just like the web version. the new updates are great. it's just like the web version minus tax lodgements which is possibly due to regional differences. the only gripe i have is the lack of keyboard integration which means you will need to use the touch screen but it's an ipad app so can't really complain there.
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
great app and fair prices. i do all my business through quick books and have had no major problems. the rates on credit transactions are equivalent to any other clearing house and at $30 a month to automate my process is a life saver. great simple to read reports too.
crashing after ios 9 update. app continues to crash after updating to ios 9. just after opening it crashes. this app has been an excellent tool to my business. looking forward to a quick bug fix.
everything worked great until last update.. can't save invoices. have to login every time using password. payments don't apply to the invoices just to name a few. wish i hadn't updated.
great app. first time business owner and have to say it's a great way to stay organized
"communicates across platforms. i enjoy being able to enter an expense on my phone app and see it on my laptop. i have had to discontinue the ""mac app"" on my new macbook because it shuts down or tries to log in without letting me enter the password and ends up in an endless loop. i just use the web version and that seems to be ok. i wish the easy to use features on my phone were as easy on the laptop."
cant even start the app. how to rate a app that not even running
very pleased client. i love this app. it has saved me so many times. there are a couple things you can't do on the app that you can do on the desktop like change your payment information but i have no issue with that. thanks intuit for another great product.
muito bom. pode melhorar, ainda tem muitos bugs e erros do nada. mas o principal, deveria ter opção de compartilhar e orçamento por whatsapp, visto que apenas 1% dos clientes atuías requerem email, isso inclui empresas.
still does not allow entering employee time. the ability to enter employee time is a must for professionals that are on the road all day. other services like freshbooks already have this ability. until intuit makes this very important addition to the mould app, it does not deserve 5 stars!
can’t bill my time from mobile. overall it’s a good app. my only complaint is that i can’t report my billable time using the apps. they have a nice integration on qb online with google calendar, it would be nice if they also add that to the mobile app. at minimum you should be able to report time to a project in the mobile app.
bom. mas por favor criem a opção de exportar o orçamento direto pelo whatsapp 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
hit or miss. when it works it is awesome, however it's been rare that it works. 9 out of 10 times i get an error has occurred message and i have to use the desktop to resolve it.
fantastic app. the best bookkeeping app available. love this app. my bookkeeping has never been so up to date.
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
garbage. this app is junk!! support for this app is useless looks like i will be going back to freshbooks, it may not be a accounting solution but at least it works and i can import my info without manually entering. my business doesn't have time for me to spend hours with support when i need to be taking care of my customers ms support
great app. great for on the go owners.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
rubbish. app crash every second
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
dead in the water here.. i have been using qb on line for a while now. there is still a lot of bugs that will drive you out of your skin, and nobody gives a dam. today the app updated and now i can’t even get in. waisted my entire evening reseting my password and still nothing. i have had it with qb!
rave. i have enjoyed having customer information at my fingertips on this app.
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
ok. good app but there're better ones
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
not there yet. i run multiple entities through qbo, and have a very large volume of transactions that need to be classifiedmatched through the online bank transactions screen. the app does not allow for classification or matching of transactions, which is all i really want to be able to do while i'm on the go. until this functionality is added the app is useless to me.
very good and getting better!. qbo has been a great addition to our company and has many great features over qb desktop. there are some bugs to work out but i'm very happy so far with the online application.
works for me. the system is somewhat easy to use, and works for my purposes. although it's a shame that this is the only option from quickbooks for canadian mac users. not even a desktop version is available. if you have another option besides mac, it would be cheaper to own. you could get quickbooks pro for $250 for windows desktop. or pay 1 year of quickbooks essentials for $240.
"buggy, issues with sync. for some reason this app is constantly having connection issues for me. i get messages like ""transaction not accepted"". then i have to log into the desktop version to actually do the work. ok for a glance but not useful for productivity."
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 3 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank. the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
gran sistema. é ora che si diffonda anche in italia....
keeps crashing since update.. app is pretty good, unusable with crashes since the new ios came out.
great app!!. no issues so far. simple to use.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
ios 13; don’t do it!. if you need this app to work correctly do not upgrade to ios 13 yet! many bugs... my worst bug: can’t look at any customer info anymore, does not work. yes i uninstalled and reinstalled...
best app. love this app makes it easy for me to track all my buisness transactions. recommend
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
good software. this software is very awesome. i work for the company but also use it for my own personal budgeting and it is extremely helpful but there are still a lot of bugs that need to be worked out with this app so that all the information updates correctly.
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
works for me. the system is somewhat easy to use, and works for my purposes. although it's a shame that this is the only option from quickbooks for canadian mac users. not even a desktop version is available. if you have another option besides mac, it would be cheaper to own. you could get quickbooks pro for $250 for windows desktop. or pay 1 year of quickbooks essentials for $240.
"can't add unit with quality and rate in invoice. online version does not allow customisation of fields. invoice doesn't show ""unit"" with quantity and rate as a result invoice are unusable in real world. hope developer address these issue at priority before we users move to other applications."
great app but could use some improvement.. this is a great application to have access to while on the go. if it would update the profits and losses more accurately than i believe this would be well worth 5 stars. overall a great app.
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
not available?. i need this app to work with my uk quickbooks account that handles multiple currencies. the iphone app is at least functional but lacking many features.
brilliant. excellent accounting software for new small business. only issue i have is that i bought a subscription online and the app keeps telling me to subscribe
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
excellent accounting app. invoicing to my customers has become very quick and payments entry are the coolest which i found. secondly the one year 70% discount is the main which attracted me. i hope this discount continues i also go ahead with this accounting software app. the negative is that i am not able to connect to my local bank in uae for reconciliation.that's all from me. thanks for giving me opportunity to write a review.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
great  when it works.. app crashes often and has trouble down loading data
owner small massage therapy business. for the small amount of paperwork my business requires, this app is perfect. i can input info before leaving the office and it prompts me with appropriate questions to categorize items properly. very user friendly and convenient.
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
quickbooks app. last update is much better. use for day to day operation and quick entries.
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
no bill?. come on, we can do all things with expense and nothing with bills? bills are the big part of our business expenses from our vendors. they are not even added to the total expense on the summary dashboard, how can we really tell how our business is doing when a big chunk of cost not appearing? please include the ability to enterviewedit bills asap.
easy to use. no experience needed. you can perform 95% of what you can do on the computer on this app.. the only things you cannot do include things like personalizing invoice colors and options, and i had trouble sending a single invoice to two recipients.. i was able to do both successfully on the computer but not the app.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
problems with users that have limited access!. one of my employees who has limited access rights is encountering error messages when trying to add a customer and also cannot select and income account to tie a new product or service too. both of these things work correctly for him on the web version but the ipad app seems to have errors in it.
invaluable tool!. qbo app is invaluable for me as a small business owner. having access to all my funicular data, customer records and invoicing is fantastic! the app works flawlessly.
good for review but limited functionality. this is a subset of qb online functions good for quick checking on the business but not a working system much like the ipad version of word or powerpoint you get to do a bit but need the full version for the program to be useful
to much money. i went on to the app and it says 35 dollars and i think it is to much money for an app!!!!!! it sould be at the most 20$
excellent. great mobile app from intuit, quickbooks online is great and although a bit different from the desktop version it has improved the way i work with my clients
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
freezes. freezes when saving a new client. app is useless.
game changer. this has been a fantastic app. having the ability to access our estimating and billing from any devise has been great !
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
horrible. worst company and app to deal with. had to click 1 star they are negative 5 stars
good app. easy to use
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
totally useless. as a long time quickbooks user i thought this might be for me. after many frustrating hours trying to figure it out and the seeming absence of help i’m just going to delete it and cancel my subscription. as i said a total waste of time
great app. qbo is a fantastic app for small business. it makes balancing the books easy and less time consuming than the old paper method. it syncs with your business accounts making the job of keeping track of your business accounts easy. you can get a snapshot of your business's finances, balance sheet, p & l from the report tab on the app.
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
poor. the program is slow and it is hard to find what you want. does not compare to their desktop version.
intuitive and robust.. a welldesigned, robust application. with functionality that crisscrosses accounting and nonaccounting domains, this is definitely a winner and a keeper. as other reviewers have said, support is amazing. the app is always evolving and improving. 5 stars for easeofuse, robustness and flexibility.
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. app crashes 2sec after being turned on on iphone7. restarted phone, no luck
qbo app. luv the new dashboard!! excellent app. no complaints.
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
fairly good . . . but. i can't believe they offer milage tracking with the intro version, but as soon as you up grade to a more powerful version it is dropped. i need this option too and now have to go to a completely different app to record milage. that is a real waste of my time.
great app.. love the app, it's just what i need to do my work.
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
great bookkeeping app. this is a great app for tracking expenses sending invoices and overall bookkeeping. it is especially great if you are a mobile service and always on the go, easytouse from your phone or tablet or computer!
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
check payment image. i wish if i can take of the customer check payment image and with in it on the app. both of them times it’s hard to search for invoice number and when customers overpay the system does not stop them and the refund process is so difficult.
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain.
awesome!. absolutely love this app. i am able manage all of my clients on the go, create invoices and receive payments. the only issue i have is that it won't allow me to email invoices or provide the pay online option.
sparkyreviews. i used to use invoice2go but fed up of how complicated and expensive it became, quickbooks allows for easy invoicing and estimating from home or on site, also allows me to review incomings and outgoings to my bank easily, giving me more spare time, and saving me money as i don’t need my book keeper anymore! could not be happier with this product!
where is the cost of the app?. where is the cost of the app. you gave me all kind of information but not the price of the app!!???
quickbooks accountant online. user friendly, accessible from anywhere on any device.
not bad. categorising expenses has been incredibly time consuming to say the least. once you have your data in order you can start to make some decent reports but just getting over that initial hump is frustrating. shortening loadsave times along with better tabular data editing tools would make a big difference.
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
handy invoicing tool when out and about. i use this app predominantly to invoice as i travel a lot in my job. it has been a bit of a game changer to be able to produce professional invoices on the go. and amazing to keep track of payments.
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
wade @ freestyle plumbing. very happy with quickbooks easy to use on even on phone app everything is in one place have and would recommend
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
not there yet. i still have to use qbo or desktop app to make deposits. kind of silly when i'm standing at a client's office taking a credit card or stopping in the bank with a few checks on the way home.
president. i’m busy right now trying to invoice, from customer service to user friendly software qb is on point for the business man. love the service for sure.
valerieh. works great! they should combine all features of quickbooks. too many separate parts or features of quickbooks that customers are being charged for
connections banque. appli pas intuitive du tout. impossible de ce connecter aux compte bancaires. bugs a répétition
excellent!. this has made running business from home a breeze! user friendly and works while you are on the go! best ever!
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
no too bad. this app for the self employed version is pretty good. using the ipad is less so, mainly because it will not rotate into landscape view and the appearance of the interface is slightly blurry  not sharp like other apple apps. the features though, on the whole are pretty good.
great app!. i love the mobility of the app. it helps me stay on top of my bookkeeping work while i'm on the go. makes managing multiple businesses that much easier!
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
ios13. keeps crashing won’t open since update. not helpful!!
very impressed. have been a quickbooks pro user for many years and the transition from pro to online was seamless. love the functionality and reports of quickbooks online and ability to perform tasks on the go. makes managing the accounting of a small business a lot easier.
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
finally signature for iphone. love it!!! all of my invoices are generated via my iphone 6, and it was frustrating without having that feature. touch id is a great touch! i like the ability to have different invoice options, but wish i could design it exactly the way i want it. keep up the great work with updates.
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
more harmonisation needed.. i find myself, more often than not, logging in to the desktop version. bank updates are very “hit and miss” particularly early morning.
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, dient handel banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
valerieh. works great! they should combine all features of quickbooks. too many separate parts or features of quickbooks that customers are being charged for
worthless on ios13. out of all the apps i have, this is the only one that wasn’t ready for ios13. it was worthless during the entire public beta process & i was hoping with the actual ios 13 release, it would be updated. not the case, still worthless. doesn’t work on my iphone or ipad. it was the convenience of having quickbooks on the go that sold me in the first place. not the case anymore.
absolute magic. this app is brilliant it has made my account keeping so much easter and better, i'm not loosing bits of paper everywhere and find it much simpler to keep on top of everything (i think me using this has made my accountant much happier too as it has reduced his work load)
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
pos for the online version. very unhappy because after 5 years they still don’t have a pos system for the online version.
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
a waste of time. no payroll functions. a big area to not include. i still need my computer to pay staff. missing other features. should be a full functioning app.
great service. i enjoy each platform they offer for me, computer and iphone. only issue is they hiked up the annual price without notice. still affordable but i was expecting the same price i originally paid.
i am impressed!. i had to leave a review after being able to set up a new customer and then bill them all from my iphone! not a detail was missing compared to the desktop cloud version of quick books. good job intuit!
shiny, pretty and useless. the shinier they make it, the more confusing and unfriendly it gets. no reminders, no scheduled transactions and no searchable help. i have the ipad app to make accounting quick and easy when i travel not to have something new to learn.
perfect app for consulting. fantastic app! highly recommended. very easy to use with ability to track invoices  it's perfect for my consulting business.
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
help. there doesn't seem to be a way to tie in purchases on to a invoice to charge specific customers. when you call in for help with the app, customer service does not have access to see what you're looking at.
"divine couch. i'm running a small business called ""divine couch"" and quickbooks has helped me with the day to day accounting tasks like quotes, invoices and receipts, it's been a true charm. i would recommend quickbooks to all small to medium business owners."
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
for the money this app is terrible. this app does not seem to sync in real time. for example an invoice setup on online quickbooks does not show here. even the customer that was added online. for a large company making millions of dollars on these products it is not only unacceptable but it is also fundamentally wrong
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus!
paie. il serait vraiment apprécié de pouvoir entrer le temps travailler pour nos employés.
switching between account requires logout and login. so annoying, especially since there is no support for touch id. why can't you let us switch from within the app?
works for me!. i love this this quickbooks app can cross platforms. every entry is accounted for in a matter which device i use (and i have a ton). as with anything, there are glitches but they do not stop production. like everything can't be perfect all the time and with the constant improvement, bugs are expected here and there.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
limited compared to quickbooks desktop. quickbooks online is just ok. it has some limits that did not exist in the desktop version. a lot of them have to do with assisted payroll. for example, the app does not tell you each pay period how much of a contribution to pay towards simple ira's and give you a chance to indicate whether they were paid. it just assumes it was done without giving you any notice. other limitations make it just ok.
good app. very detailed , im no pro @ accounting but i am teaching myself this app. its very in depth and i like it.
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up! one more star for a stronger search engine, can't find invoices by number or customers by address
online quickbooks. quickbooks online is so different from the regular quickbooks. it will require a new learning curve to use it. hard to print payroll checks and regular checks reliably. it is handy to have things online, but it looks like we are a few generations away from it working well.
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
qb online. tout ce qu'il faut pour la pme. facilité, mobilité, flexibilité! un support technique accessible, compétent et rapide.
very useful!. this app is very useful for my small internet cafe business. i can track anytime my sales and expenses. reports are generated realtime, no need to wait for your accountant. the app needs to improve the touch id system because it requires you to input the password after you have closed the app.
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue. it has now been a week and this is still an issue.
it gets even easier. i was horrified when i heard tax going digital but quickly got the hang of quick books and amazed it even tries to match things . brilliant
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
terrible. terrible functionality. doesn’t process many transactions. don’t buy.
good n helpful software to ease accounting job.. good n helpful software to ease accounting job.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
need ipad update. the ipad app should be as capable as the desktop version. when are we going to see this? iphone app is pretty stout but the ipad app needs update and soon.
c'mon, you know you need it. subscribe already. better than zoho or jobber. very organized and useful. such a time saver and it makes my company look 5 times more professional. recommended!
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
it is ok. the mobile app is ok. limited access. really not much use to it except check your pl and entering transaction.
quickbooks. i have been using quickbooks for about 3 years. i use the ipad version and the quickbooks online version. it does almost everything i would need it to do. i am really liking this last update.
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!!"
functional and practical. love the cloud software, love the app.
i love it.. i used to have to enter in expenses and sales, but now all that stuff shows up automatically with my banks being connected. i love it!
fix this!. when using my new iphone x the app crashes every time i try selecting the “invoices” button?! also... constantly have to log in and log out to update my information?! why?! please fix these major issues!
five stars!. has helped out tremendously when it comes to my business. it makes it so much easier to use then the paper receipt books. it helps me stay organized and keeps me updated to the second. thanks quickbooks!
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
crash with ios13. app does not launch.
so efficient. qbo is so easy to use. any query i have, the support team always responds within a couple of hours and the way they explain things is in a way that is so easy to understand, and they are just so helpful.i always recommend qbo to anyone that asks what software i use.
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
not just yet..... still have to enter my password every time i open the app. touch id or app pin don't work. ipad and iphone data isn't identical. this is so annoying.... especially in front of customers!! tired of wasting my time. update: deleted the app and reinstalled it to see if that made a difference. touch id works for now. will update after some use. bumped from 2stars to 3stars. update same day: already back to manually enter in in password. 2 stars.
very convenient!. i like the fact that i can access my invoices and payments from my phone. it's a convenient app for me!
not bad. has some issues ... no consistency in how you log in ... one day by 4 digit pin , 1 hour later it wants the full email & password followed by a 6 digit pin via confirmation email . try to match payments incorrectly when the deposit clearly states who it's from ... 😳🔫 does do a good job with the bank feeds ... mostly .
worthless. some functions don't work at all like banking. doesn't load account activity. it's so useless i have to use mobile web version.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
touch id. can we get touch id support to replace the pin?! otherwise very good product.
freshbooks is so much better. it takes me 34 minutes to navigate through their menus and enter a receipt. this should not be so painful.
upload receipts feature. snap on mobile new feature saves lots of time as well the ability to drag and drop files or emailing receipts work well and helps expedite petty cash procedures. excellent addition to quickbooks online!!
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
loving it. since the most recent update, i am loving this app!
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
terrible. try to do estimates on the quickbooks for ipad. it is easier to do on the quickbooks for iphone. intuit needs to get some people like myself with an office any where that using qb online very hard and heavy to beta test there software.
handy invoicing tool when out and about. i use this app predominantly to invoice as i travel a lot in my job. it has been a bit of a game changer to be able to produce professional invoices on the go. and amazing to keep track of payments.
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
what did you do?. recent update is better except you've now created a log in issue. touch and pin no longer work? i have to reenter my entire password every time i open the app. what's the purpose of touch or pin if i have to do this every time?
great business tool. this program has helped me i the field like no other program i can think of.
prices keep going up. prices keep gong up. it has doubled since i started.
what a joke.. can't add notes to customers. buggy! cant print. awful. if you are moving from qb desktop, think again! there's not even an easy way to just view today's business. no reports in app. useless.
it is very easy to use. the app may not have the power or flexibility of the web client, or pc installed application, but it works well and is very easy to use.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
disappointing. this is a very unstable product with an unreliable app server. if my accountant didn't require it, i would not use it! my deposits have not updated for two weeks. i'll let you know when that's fixed.
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
too expensive. would give it 5 stars if it was cheaper $20 for just invoices give me a break
6s, ios 9.x. it takes a while to learn the nuances of this app (and the online interface), but once you do, a decent enough experience awaits. note to devs: the app freezes anytime you review added attachments (eg, receipts) when inputting expenses.
good app.. it works good with my ipad mini.
invoicing easy. easy for invoicing etc, but less intuitive for expenses and linking accounts etc. especially as it will or allow me to sync my main business account!!!
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
if you have an issue reload the app.. that fixed my problem and it works great now.
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
how can i subscribe!!!!!. love the app, but when i try to subscribe it is impossible to accomplish! what the heck! can't you make it as simple as a push of a button?
don’t rate before use. fantastic app. easy life. worth giving it a try.
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
app crash when opening. can not open app on my ipad version running on 9.3.5. this is last week of month and can not open app to print invoice for end of month. huge problem for me.please fix asap
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
good but too many bug with ios. after the good first impression, using daily is little bit frustrating. example: problems with input dates and items. sometime the calendar doesn't open etc.
love this app. as a small business contractor, i find this app very useful and an asset to our company. especially when we are on the go, and need to send something over to a customer or view what we've done prior. when i don't have my desktop available to me, this is definitely where i go. one click wonders of converting one document to the next.
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
nice app... wish it did all i need it to do. i have told people, do not buy an ipad with the intention of running qbo on it, you will be surely disappointed! the app doesn’t do enough, especially in reports and you can’t run payroll... and in the browser it’s terrible.
love this app. works great and i can navigate and make invoices and track everything in one app! i love it
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
all but useless. response time simply toooooo slow. customer would have to wait 5 mins for data.
superb app. i'm an electrician and run my entire business on this app it's makes my life so easy :)
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
loss of functionality. i had been using this app for a while without any real issues. however, recently the 'expense' button that pulls up from the '+' menu on the home screen is grayed out...thus rendering the app fairly useless on the go! intuit said they unfortunately didn't have the ability to fix issues with the app.
great app. works well
works well. app is adequate. performs most functions that i need on the quick. would like more report options. biggest complaint is the need to continuously enter account and password. i have enabled touch id. only about 25% does the app actually use touch id. rest forced to enter password.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
great support. i love the support you can get when having difficulty or when trying to find a more efficient way of doing things. i just wish i could load more than one photo at a time as i often attach 3 or 4 before and after photos and that is very time consuming.
mohammed salman 6s. superb app all ledger's are in just my pocket my request is to app developer suppliers options suppliers balance
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
phone. phone app is better than pc version
awsome software. that is a great app but still far away from the desktop program .... limited access for a lot futures it's ok but not wow for the yearly cost
missing data on iphone and ipad. i have an issues where invoices are missing for some customer on both iphone and ipad. the show up absolutely fine on the web. i can see the payments but get the error when i open the payment qbm.error.00500000.reason.iphone. please fix asap
excellent on ipad, good on iphone. i use this app on my ipad and iphone, it's pretty good on the iphone but it's darned good on the ipad. hopefully they will develop more features on both over time as it's still not a total replacement for the web browser version.
prices keep going up. prices keep gong up. it has doubled since i started.
terrible app. keeps crashing. keeps dumping you out telling you that “critical updates “ and must login again. try to login and  am a very longtime customer  it tells you your company is nonexistent. ba humbug. complain to intuit and they say use a “supported” device. in other words: don’t use the app. time to find software other than quick books.
user friendly. very happy so far....
so good. best account software available
"disappointing. if you also make ""mint"", why make your subscription service app so much worse? mint is great. this app is not."
great product!. i'm good at what i do for a living, but i am not an accountant and i needed help keeping the financial end of my business on track. this product is easy to use and is everything i needed!
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
all but useless. i love qbo but the app is useless. it’s like a completely separate universe where nothing shows up as set up in qbo. reports are limited and custom reports aren’t there. i can’t see something basic like checkbook register.
"great app for distributors. we can invoice and deliver on the fly without having to go back to the office to capture the ""in the moment sales"". our accountant has access and was able to set our account up to match his categories for a fast and no worry tax prep."
nick name. works for mobile receipts, entering expenses is really nice as you can take a picture of the receipt. even has limited reports. i don't understand all the bad reviews. what do you want it to do? for hvac contractor like me, it works really good.
"needs splitscreen support. how can this app have as many revisions that its had since ios 9 came out and still not have split view with other apps?? also the glitch is back that when you hit the ""back"" button when viewing a customer it takes you all the way to the top of your customer list instead of going back to where you were. frustrating..."
great app. works well
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
failure......again. when will quickbooks get their act together???? touch id to log in is gone with this update, still a lot of features from desktop version are missing. don't like the idea that the user has no control on the data and backups.
quick book user. amazing app ever
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
scared. i added the app. haven’t used it yet. i read some of the awful reviews. decided to delete it. not worth my valuable time. don’t think it is necessary to go through the same nonsense everyone else has gone through. you may want to call it the power of reviews and lack of response from the people in charge.
easy to use and great features. i moved to quickbooks after trying xero, and find it at least as good for my needs and much better value. good foreign currency support, which is important for me.
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
cannot reconcile bank accounts on app. cannot reconcile on the app. completely useless to me as the bookkeeper.
excellent. quickbooks online works great for me and makes my work much easier especially with the phone app
improve your customer service. the program it’s self is easy to use, but if you need to call the customer service you have to request it by logging on and emailtext or the other problem is they don’t speak english well. with increasing prices they should have great customer service just saying!
slowly losing my business. i'm about tired of this app not functioning properly. embarrassing to say the least when i have a customer trying to pay their bill and i can't even connect to quickbooks online server. none of your apps are working as advertised. $25month for what again?
productive. one app that is recommended for everyone. it helps you become your own ca and with no knowledge one can start and keep everything on tips.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient. so a lot of updates lately and still no way to create a statement from the app. this really is very frustrating.
pathetic. so i have quickbooks, a banking transaction fails, they straight away stop you from using quickbooks, what a unprofessional outfit this is.
go krazy wireless canada. amazin system specially for small business
quickbooks phone app. so easy i can’t believe it.
disappointing. this is a very unstable product with an unreliable app server. if my accountant didn't require it, i would not use it!
awesome. awesome app! i use it for my landscaping and turf management company.
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
keeps crashing. crashes every time i try to delete an item from an invoice i’m creating.
engaged user who loves the product. team quickbooks, i think you have one of the better products on the market. i would really love to see payroll support on the app or available on mobile devices with your online product. i like the simplicity of your product and the user experience i think is better than others on the market. please deliver either a mobile browser supported payroll feature or even better a app solution now.....
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
be careful. i loved this app for 10 months. then an error occurred and i lost access to my business. only cost me $200 for one time fix. for $600 i could have purchased a 3 month fix. the risk exceeds the benefit.
handy for sole trader. some things aren’t available on the app, like editing your invoices.
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
trouble generating customer statements!. i’ve been a loyal customer to qb for over 10 years. recently added a new company and transferred over my customers. have not been able to generate statements for them....it’s been ongoing for 5 months with no resolution. other than that it’s been great, just very frustrated that they can not figure this problem out!!
qb online improved cash flow  piano studio. i own a busy piano studio and quickbooks online changed my business from the first month using it. clients are 98% on time paying now, versus a 40% late rate prior when i invoiced on paper. my invoices are easy to send out and create quick reminders. they look professional, too!
online quickbooks. quickbooks online is so different from the regular quickbooks. it will require a new learning curve to use it. hard to print payroll checks and regular checks reliably. it is handy to have things online, but it looks like we are a few generations away from it working well.
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
a1. great saves money time talks to my accountant, does estimates, converts to invoice simple
paie. il serait vraiment apprécié de pouvoir entrer le temps travailler pour nos employés.
does not work with ios 13. tried all the suggestions from the developer without success.
awesome app. i was hesitant going to the monthly subscription, but it has been awesome always having access to my business account. the app looks and works just like the desktop app on my mac.
bom. mas por favor criem a opção de exportar o orçamento direto pelo whatsapp 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
greatest app and programming. i’ve been using quickbooks online for the hess say at least eight years and before that i was using the books software on my computer and either way quickbooks has been great except my business structure strong and you always let me know what payments were paid and what is not. so thanks a lot for having such a great application and program and i hope you keep going in improving every day
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
qb app. not useful as it could be as you can't enter a bill! not being able to enter a bill makes it useless to work from an ipad or tablet device.
i'm getting used to this. i struggled at first trying to figure out what to put where but now i am inputting invoices on the fly and keeping track of my expenses and my revenues gained
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!! also, the separation of vendor mtce from vendor transactions is opposite of the web interface. same for customers.
getting better. i can't live without this app. is not perfect but getting better. thank you for the improvements.
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
easily the worst app on ios. this is the single worst and buggiest app on the app store. it is buggy, gives random permissions errors, and generally fails to get the job done.
perfect!. great app with all the functionality i need to take care of business. i can do much of my books on the go and not let things pile up. love this app!
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
great bit of kit. value for money!! 👍😬. we use qb on the desktop, ipad and phone. highly recommend it !!
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient. so a lot of updates lately and still no way to create a statement from the app. this really is very frustrating.
need to be able to access full site. maybe i haven't had enough coffee but most mobile apps allow one to bypass the app and go straight to the web based version. this is frustrating  trying to quickly locate a reconcile issue in the register and can't see the data i need to effectively do so...
on job usage. so easy to access invoices and job costing on the job site so easy to make my life easier
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
nightmare to delete account. costs per month!
crashing after ios 9 update. app continues to crash after updating to ios 9. just after opening it crashes. this app has been an excellent tool to my business. looking forward to a quick bug fix.
a good assistant on the go. the phone app doesn't do as much as i'd like but i couldn't run my business without the software!
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
works great for what i use it for. i run a simple personal business and this app has all i need!
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
quickbooks. excellent software. easy to use both at home and on the go with mobile device.
quickbooks on the go. i'm rating this so it will stop asking me in the app every time i open it.
zero stars. it really surprises me that a big company like intuitquickbooks couldn’t come up with something that worked. the app is almost completely useless. i installed it, tried to do some basic stuff on it and couldn’t so i deleted it. please intuit you have to have someone that can build you a better app!!
quick books. quick easy invoices
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
convenient. moving to quickbooks online plus has been a great move. there was a small learning curve but it is very stable and now we're very happy that we made the change. the best part is using the app on my iphone
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
awful app, won't open. app was working fine until a few days ago. reinstalling doesn't fix it. app opens and a second later disappears. not good for people trying to do their accounts.
pretty good 9 months in. really good, can't do pay roll or vat reports on the app but just about everything else. photo receipts for expenses and checking received payments. very useful. f
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
limited. not much functionality compared with the desktop app, frustrating. unable to access banking or create bills.
best bookkeeping and accounting software. quickbooks is the best bookkeeping and accounting software that is to be found. i highly recommend it!
latest update works with ios13. normal operation resumed.
horrible. crashes every time. horrible customer service. move on to another app.
superbe app!. je suis travailleur autonome. qbook me facilite la tâche (pour ma part, la comptabilité est un fardeau) dans le fait de garder un œil sur les chiffres de mon entreprise . je la recommande hautement! seul conseil: faites vous assister dès le début afin de configurer le plan comptable ; y mettre les chiffres exacts dès le depart. vous en serez ravis!
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
needs features. app seems to get bug fixes but vary rarely does it get new features. as a mobile professional i would like to have the same features in the app as on the computer. currently investigating other more powerful mobile options vs quick books update: can't even enter expenses with the app only a pc! in the usa they can enter expenses with the app.... wish i could deduct an extra star just for that.
game changer. totally transformed my business. really great software, so informative and nice community to support you. no brainer. can't believe i'm raving about accountancy software!
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
limited. not much functionality compared with the desktop app, frustrating. unable to access banking or create bills. desktop app is terrible, every time i pay a bill and send an email payment notification i have to delete the words “thanks for your business!” as if i want to thank my suppliers for their business...
one of the best accounting software.. very good and well made accounting software. very easy and friendly to use. the things i especially like about this application is that i can book an expense on the go through the mobile app and i can access this accounting software from anywhere and on any device!!
prices keep going up. prices keep gong up. it has doubled since i started.
keeps crashing since update.. app is pretty good, unusable with crashes since the new ios came out.
faith. helps remove the fear & self doubt of being self employed, so glad i took the leap!
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
good functionality but slow to load. great functionality, good app but it takes too long to load. i don't need the homescreen with current activity to load each time. i just want to add an invoice.
great app. just started my own business and having quick books is a lifesaver. easily customized and user friendly. the app saves time since i can maintain my books on the go and my cpa sees the same thing instantly. great app for a service business
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
not easy to use. simple tasks like entering a transaction are complex. app and online qb have a slow response when tapping things. just overall frustrating trying to switch from desktop qb to the app and online qb.
convenient. qbo is very convenient for checking biz summary on the go. especially if you are traveling and client asking for some info. invoicing is pretty easy too.
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
many tech issues  poor customer support. after weeks of connecting to my bank account and importing my transactions automatically, the app decided to stop doing that. customer service was not helpful. also the reporting capabilities and graphics are very limited.
love it!. i love quickbooks online and i love this app!
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
this app needs updated. this version won't work :(. not working reloaded app no go. :(
excellent!. this is a fab piece of software for both selfemployed and accountants to sync all your activity in one place.
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right.
great for contractors. on the go app that helps with contracts and invoices . i can use ipad or even phone to show my clients and get approval and signature for new contracts . just what i was looking for
presently surprised. i really did not want to move away from the desktop version i purchased, back when that was a thing. however, i am really enjoying being able to create invoices, collect payments, etc. while on the go. so i suppose i will get used to this payasyougo thing ;)
charge by stealth. i downloaded this app to try it out. before i knew it i was being charged $4.99 per month. my understanding is that it is free with in app purchases, but i never subscribed to this. i abhor these types of sneaky apps. i recommend you don't download it, or if you do, be very careful.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
as large a company as intuit is, where's the support?. i can't imagine that as large of a company as intuitquickbooks is that they can't fix these constant issues with this app. it's been working ok until this last update. i have to physically go to the help section and hit the refresh button for sales receipts to show received after i enter them. and as everyone else has pointed out, touchid is no longer working.
very convenient. just started using it and i really like it so far. anywhere i go i can manage my business from my iphone!! very convenient
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
défectueux. tout allait bien jusqu’à ce que je doives renouveler mon abonnement. maintenant, je n’ai plus accès aux fonctions du logiciel quickbooks en ligne. quickbooks me dit de téléphoner apple store et apple store me dit de contacter quickbooks. bande d’incapables! incompétents! la facturation fonctionne bien avec apple; les paiements sont retirés. c’est quickbooks le problème! réveillezvous!!!
génial. super facile comme programme et la disponibilité nuage est génial!!!😊
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
construction company. new updated camera function is awful! i used to be able just to take a picture of my receipts with no problem, now it takes me forever. some of my receipts or as long as my arm and trying to fit them into a preformatted box, waiting for the camera figure it out, horrible horrible! please go back to a more manual camera! owner converse construction
great. it is a great way of keeping on top of my finances, invoicing and money owed. allows invoices to be raised on the go when small jobs are completed. can see how it will adapt as my business grows as well
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
great little app. excellent app for basic book keeping invoicing etc and keep up with the book keeping on the fly. but to do the serious stuff you still need to work from a laptop or desktop.
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
i can't stand this program. logins don't work most of the time. functionality is severely limited (no expense tracking, no bill entry?! seriously). crashes regularly. horrible customer service.
quickbooks. it's a great app.
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
lost a key feature!!!😡. update is great except they took away the option when creating a new customer to use a contacts info that's on the device.
great app. i was reluctant to make the switch to online, but now i'm glad i did! app is awesome and quick. great for small businesses.
constantly having to sign in!. i wish quickbooks could figure out how to not have the app constantly make me reenter my password.
awfull. massive bug issues keeps telling me to notifications on then the screen disappears then pops up again so impossible to use as this screen is always in the way ... realy surprises at such awfull stuff from a company’s so large it’s shocking realy
super. idéale pour les entreprises de services étant souvent hors du bureau. facile d'utilisation et très complet. accessible via pc, mac, iphone, ipad et sous androïde également. quickbooks en ligne est tout simplement génial.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
pros and cons. it definitely takes some getting used to compared to the previous versions of quickbooks i've used. but with some changes to what i'm used to and working with the software and its workflow it works out. the payments thing makes sending and receiving invoices works really well. adding expenses by taking pictures of the receipts keeps my clutter box of receipts free. still needs some improvement but my overall experience hasn't been bad.
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
so much you can't do on the app!!. app is a bit pointless as so much you can't do that you end up having to go onto web based site to do
brilliant mobile app. it has changed my life . i am able to do quotes in the run and save so much valuable time .
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
modern and simple. i am happy i made my final choice on accounting software to be quickbooks online and then having this app to accompany it. as others have already said, it needs to have more access to the other accounting features that come with the full online package but i'm hoping for more updates.
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
could use improvements. really like this app! however, it won't even add my phone number or business address on my invoices, so i add it in the message section. qb creators, please test run every possible business need. i've already done business via this app, so i can't afford not to have it at full & complete capacity! please! make me love it! i want my partners to use it too!
owner. great app to take of of business anywhere i'm at!
could be better. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
last update killed this app. i can't even.... will wait for the next update g to then i can't use it.
good basic functionality.. this app gives good basic information. can be improved by bringing more functionality to iphone app. like bank transaction matching. etc
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
absolutely fantastic!. this app is incredible. having been using for 6 months, and it has revolutionised the way we are able to do business. so easy to setup, use and understand. i highly recommend to anyone that needs an easy orderinvoicesales system for their business.
invoicing easy. easy for invoicing etc, but less intuitive for expenses and linking accounts etc. especially as it will or allow me to sync my main business account!!!
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
app crashes ughhh. app crashes after you sign in. please fix!
great way to keep up with small business book keeping. in previous years, with my software based quickbooks, i ended up doing most of my neglected books once a year for tax times. with this i do an update on a daily bases and will have do just a little detailing come years end.
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
disappointed. this app falls short. for one you can't see inventory. can't create po. can't enter a bill against a po. on the online version one cannot enter a partial bill against a po. cannot creat inventory level alarms. come on man!
great app  easy to use. enough said. it helps me keep track of my invoicing as well as my expenses. great for small businesses.
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
will not stop asking for a review. trying to get work done and having to swap back and forth between invoices to get the numbers. made difficult since every time i switch back and forth it asks for me to review the app. well, there you go, 1 star, now let me work.
couldn't ask for more!. everything you need, intuitive and great access with mobile apps!
great for attaching receipts, not for entering expenses. i love being able to take photos of invoices and receipts and directly attach them to the expense. however, i am unable to add expenses because the app does not have access to my accounts or categories. if there was even a save as a draft option, i would give this a 55. however, i am not able to save any input if i can’t add the account or categories.
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
quickbooks phone app. so easy i can’t believe it.
mileage tracker not working.. so far quickbooks support has not been able to get the mileage tracking feature to work on my phone. iphone6. won’t manually of automatically track mileage and wb support has not resolved or explained why. partial functionality is not good enough!
perfect for my business. i like that i can access any information quickly. very easy to use for everyone. the invoicing, payments, and sales reports are perfect for a small business. my only wish is that quick books small business would integrate easily with quick books online. maybe soon this will happen ?
great app!. i'm in love with this app, too bad that the proadvisor app doesn't work as sharp (doesn't work at all).
can’t paste password. when i try to log in i can’t paste my 32 character password from the clipboard. this is a frequent frustration due to how often i have to log into the quickbooks app combined with my desire to use long, complex passwords that i store in a password safe. please fix this issue asap.
wow, did this app save our business. we are in florida and have had no power or internet for over one week. this app saved our real estate rental business. everything you can do on your desktop, you can do with your ipad, using this app. all customer data is stored on the cloud. this app is mandatory if you get hit by a disaster!
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
it works most of the time. it’s useful to have the app but more often i go to the browser site as you can do more on it. the app is good if you just want to record a quick expense and take a photo of the receipt to attach. quickbooks itself is a good accounting package, it’s just the app needs a bit more functionality.
very useful!. this app allows me to send clients a sales receipt as soon as they hand me the cash, invaluable when visiting clients.
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
junk. this app is an embarrassment to use. doesn't attach correct to emails, rude default email tags, and prints too light to fax. i used qb contractor for 10 years before being talked into ipad by apple as the way to go mobile. save your money do things right. this freezes up a lot too which if you have time to wait may be for you.
rockin. full throttle on the go. just buy it, you want regret it.
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
ok but needs work. we have 4 ipad2 running his app to invoice and do estimates on the go. much better and faster than previous versions. would still like to see some type of service form so we can make multiple service calls on a project then tally up and invoice together. also the new activity page doesn't show sent info on invoices and estimates. that was very helpful. they should put it back in. overall better.
awesome app. awesome app and online as well. runs rings around xero. app is 100x better
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
not reliable on weekends or holidays. times when i have to work on weekends or holidays i have the most issues logging in and being able to invoice customers. there is also times when i can’t login during the week, i’m guessing due to quickbooks working on servers! wish i could install as a program on my tablet instead of a app or still be able to use offline to print an invoice and receipt
simply superb!. quick books app really took my accounting overview in a single glance. thanks qb team for amazing ui
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
latest update is disappointing. i am on qb on my iphone off and on all day. the new update has me logging in nearly every time. very frustrating. the release notes indicate that its purpose is to fix bugs with the pin and fingerprint logins. it has become much worse. when i add a customer, i am unable to find that customer in my list.
good, getting better. not all of the functionality that i want but features are being added. very useful for seeing what's happening.
actually professional now. i was using word to create invoices, then excel to keep track of when they were paid. now it's all done in one place and even sends a professional looking invoice to my clients! i should've moved to quick books long ago!
service date. been told by intuit several times that service date will be available on invoices almost a year ago....still nothing and it is crucial to have in the lawn care biz
quick books app. this app is really good, can do nearly everything i need from the phone.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
general consensus. customer support for mobile app is horrible. the mobile app really needs some help. they should travel along with mobile users to see issues and frustrations that arise in the field. i am a professional but at times this app makes me look very unprofessional. the should work on offline features.
it's happening. the quickbook people are really developing this app and there complete system, from a very poor beginning the app is is really strong now and very functional, please keep up the good work quickbooks people. highly recommended book keeping system.
room for improvement. it’s a good app, with some good features, perfect for using on your phone. it would be nice, however, if the ipad version was more like the web version with more of the features available there. it’s frustrating having to switch between the two versions.
iphone app is the worst. the iphone app doesn't work. their customer service people admitted it doesn't work. don't even try to use it  too frustrating and a big waste of time. online version and ipad versions are good but too limited for price  reports can't compare year over year
great job. great app! great for my graphic design business!
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
love it but..... seems like new technology with some bugs. also some reciprocity issues with what can be done on app as opposed to phone. i know intuit will refine and well worth it. it is helping me streamline my business networking system!!! love it and look forward to giving a 5 star in couple years!
as a cpa, i think qboa is by far the best of the big three. it's better organised then myob and xero and accepts wpns which neither xero or myob will. the fact that it's half their price makes it an absolute winner
bank sync. errors while synching bank accounts for matching invoices. this is a basic function and not sure why they cant fix it. account shows as not deposited though its in bank. please fix this.
perfect for a small consulting firm. this app is everything i need for my consulting firm. easy to use and easy to keep track of expenses on the road. invoicing is a breeze. love the data in the cloud. take a pic and throw away those receipts! works flawlessly between my pc, mac, ipad and iphone. only gripe is the ipad & phone versions are not as similar as one would expect.
constantly having to sign in!. i wish quickbooks could figure out how to not have the app constantly make me reenter my password.
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
user friendly but not without fault. works nicely. has a few issues. the receipt camera assist is terrible. the phone version is user friendly but very slow. overall gets the job done, as long as you have time and patience...
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
love this app. great app would recommend to everyone.
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
just barely ok.. app has multiple issues . with page format. browser must use google chrome to get all options . called 3 times , on phone over hour each time . weeks later still nothing fixed . app is very limited .. customer service is a joke . here i thought i was upgrading to a better software . lol i was so wrong ..
so easy to use!. such an easy app to use, these guys have simplified bookkeeping down from something i wouldn't dare touch, to being able to raise invoices from my phone and connect my bank accounts, no hassles at all.
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
can't record an expense. i get an error message please choose a template before saving. doesn't work since ios 13 was installed.
quick books app. have been using quick books app for my business for a few months now, and i am very impressed with the package, as it's great value for money. i enjoy being able to use the app on my phone as it offer all the services that i need to be able to quickly raise and send invoices and pull up important info.
presently surprised. i really did not want to move away from the desktop version i purchased, back when that was a thing. however, i am really enjoying being able to create invoices, collect payments, etc. while on the go. so i suppose i will get used to this payasyougo thing ;)
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
worth it!. i got the 10$month plan and it is totally worth it! you can connect your bank and organize all your expenses. view reports and detailed graphs! even plan future investments! it’s handy on ios mobile (iphone 8). and imac.
valerieh. works great! they should combine all features of quickbooks. too many separate parts or features of quickbooks that customers are being charged for
not working after ios13 update. updated to apples latest software and this app stopped working
simply, beautifully... brilliant. i've no need to log in via the laptop until the end of the month... the fact that i can capture, create but also review my expenses, my p&l and notes is simply brilliant.
latest update works with ios13. normal operation resumed.
too expensive. i do to want to pay for s subscription , i just want to buy the software
this has helped me have a life. without this software i would be buried in paperwork . it helps me stay organized. i have been using one version or another since 2003. thank you
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
exactly what i need. the app combined with the online system does exactly what i need it to do. i can invoice clients as soon as i've left their premises, no more trying to keep a record and doing the paperwork later. invoice matching and bank data feeds make reconciliation so easy. this has reduced the amount of time i spend on my accounts significantly. goodbye sage, hello qb online. happy customer.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
terrible. qbo is probably the worst software i've used since the late 1990's. it is full of bugs, feature shortcomings, and poor support. we've been working with their certified professionals for months and they barely know how the online version works. i'd strongly recommend using any other accounting platform.
practical intuitive program, perfect for the novice bookkeeper. great program for those on the go with little time or experience for bookkeeping
james. love it!! we run our business on this,,
please fix it. is freezing and scratching often
great app. this is exactly what i need to manage my small business. it also keeps my accounting bills smaller.
james. love it!! we run our business on this,,
recent update. worked great until most recent update. can't create new invoices now. when you save it says it's saving but then just stops.
great app!!. accounting made easy, great interface and easy to use. highly recommended.
awsome software. that is a great app but still far away from the desktop program .... limited access for a lot futures it's ok but not wow for the yearly cost
terrible. this app has so many problems. it will freeze up and the only way to fix it is to delete he app and download it again. i wii ok old not recommend.
great app to run my business. easy invoicing have app set up and operating in less then 30 min
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
they dollar you to death. every time i turn around, they’re changing terms, raising the price, limiting the number of accounts, or incrementally dollaring you to death. if you’re new to quickbooks, stay away.
brilliant. this software is a life saver. accounting has never been easier
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
"not there yet. out of the three versions of qbo, the ipad version here is definitely the weakest. in design terms it shows very little similarity to the osx version, lacking much functionality as it does. it is still impossible to switch between my two company accounts. logging out and then reentering my long secure password is an unnecessary pain. this could and indeed should be so much better. in english parlance, intuit need a ""kick up the backside""."
needs some improvements. great app only thing that would make it better is an offline version for the ipad
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
still waiting for receipt feature to work. i have made multiple inquiries about the receipt expense feature not working and they haven't even responded let alone fixed the issue. this has been happening for over a year.
fantastic accounting app. i love that this allows me the freedom to work and to monitor my accountant's progress on the go. it's extremely user friendly and easy to use. many features save tons of time on simple book keeping tasks. smashes traditional softwares like ubs and myob into the dust!
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
been perfect for my business. qb has helped keep me organized and professional while growing my agency. expect for minor tech glitches which are minor inconvenience it's been a perfect tool!
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
waste of time. crashes at least 50% of the time i try to enter an expense while on the go
excellent software. so easy to use, it's great and self explanatory.
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
meh... large app, slow and expensive. looks nice but loading times are slow and not all sections display properly on a phone.
quickbooks fanatic. loving using quickbooks for my diesel mechanic business keeps all my files invoices in order...
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
app problems. app keeps crashing haven’t been able to create invoices for days
superb. this accounting system and the app have saved me so much time over the last six months. i used to dread calculating the vat return and catchup my up on the books but i am up to date daily with very little effort. well worth the money!
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
ideal for small business. very user friendly and i phone friendly too
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
moron developers and qa. don’t bother with this app. more time updating this weekly with version changes and bug fixes... jokers
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
no more ios 8 support. disappointed that app developers are dropping ios8 support. not everyone upgrades the second apple comes out with a new ios
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
annoyed again!!. i did the latest update and now i can’t even open this damm app! terrific ay! any suggestions qb’s!? can you get this sorted asap. a few updates prior to this lasted one, after that particular update all my company details except my abn disappeared, why? the app didn’t seem to save my details properly as i added them and it was like that until the following update. then everything was back to normal. pretty annoying!!
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipadiphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be. please fix back
satisfied customer. fantastic program very user friendly. love it
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
not happy with this. i've used quickbooks for years and have several corporations that i handle on the program. i'm also computer literate and have been a quickbooks tester in the past i'm not happy that it took me a whole day to download and set up payroll and still haven't figured out how to print reports for my customers or check for that matter
best accounting software. so easy to use. has so many features.
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
now i can’t update banking feed.. all of a sudden i’m getting error 9999 when i tried to update banking feed.
love it so easy to use.. what a great app simple to use and the support is there if you need. would differently recommend it to anyone who runs a small business.
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
using for almost 30 yrs and about to quit. very sad that they charge for every issue now, to pay a bill, to use an invoice, even to do a credit for a vendor. it's going to be less expensive to hire a book keeper!
fantastic app in all respects.. i've used quickbooks for over 10 years. it has been great watching them evolve and adapt to the changes in demand and tech. they are ahead of the swell in my opinion
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
do not waste your time on this free version. this is a very limited app. do not try it! app is limited and they just try to up sell the full version. support friendly but can not support a mobile version on an ipad . this product only good for desk top computer. would not recommend to anyone. beware. check out other reviews i simply ignored the negative reviews now i am writing one.
business owner. used desktop for years and now after switching to imac and iphones this app is perfect and couldn't be easier. recommend this to anyone looking for an accounting app.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. great improvements in the app. extra features are a great bonus. well done. on iphone 7 the app crashes when upon opening banking is selected. i've reproduced 5 times.
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
awesome app. feature rich and also user friendly
great app but signs you out a lot. this is a great app and it works almost perfect but there's one really annoying issue. the app signed you out a lot and doesn't give you the option of entering back in with touch id but rather having to annoyingly enter your password. please fix this as touch id makes life so much more convenient rather than entering your password. doesn't always happen but more often than it should.
annoyed again!!. i did the latest update and now i can’t even open this damm app! terrific ay! any suggestions qb’s!? can you get this sorted asap. a few updates prior to this lasted one, after that particular update all my company details except my abn disappeared, why? the app didn’t seem to save my details properly as i added them and it was like that until the following update. then everything was back to normal. pretty annoying!!
perfect. changed over from using sage about 6months ago and have never looked back, excellent software, the app makes it completely agile and useable on the move.
never disappointed. best accounting software available!
bad customer service. worked for a month then disconnected from my bank, so email sent, didn’t get a reply for 2 days!!!! emailed again another 3 days later i get a reply, problem with bank couldn’t be sorted so i downloaded xero, absolute pleasure to use.dont use quickbooks!!!!!!!!
awesome. i love how simple it is to create an invoice on the go. this app is definitely essential for any small business owner.
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
useful. useful for capturing my daytoday personal spendings
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
recent update👎🏼. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
so happy. awesome app
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
functional with problems. the latest update took away the ability to choose territory in the app even though using a web browser does. i contacted intuit to report the problem. very nice but nothing has been done to fix it. also, common reports aren't available in the app.
mobile app. convenient and easy too use!
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
doesn’t work with ios 13. keeps knocking me out.
easy to use.. easy to use. also like customer options to pay after sending invoice.
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
all gui no substance. as a business owner, i want native apps that allow me to do all major functions that are available on the desktopweb version. i want to see everything and do anything from anywhere in a simple clean interface. this app just fails to meet my expectations...i see no reason to use it.
best invoice app. easy to use quickly paid
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
sloooooooowwwww!!! iphone 6. very slow to do simple things like log an expense. camera feature is useless with crop feature. can i have the option to turn this off? just wanna take a photo without auto crop which 90% does a bad job. other than that its great :)
good app i’ve grown fond of. makes my life 5 times easier. definitely worth the money
as a cpa, i think qboa is by far the best of the big three. it's better organised then myob and xero and accepts wpns which neither xero or myob will. the fact that it's half their price makes it an absolute winner
"no support. staff is rude. need help checking on billing and the person says it's not my job. you can google the number for that question. i was like what support do you provide? her exact words "" nothing""!"
great app!. super convenient to track all my business transactions on the go. recent updates have made it much easier and more features are accessible.
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
logs me off all the time. every single day this app automatically logs me out, displays a message that there’s been a critical update, and that i need to log in again. even worse it requires you to actually enter the password rather than allowing face id authentication.
love this app and online version of qb 😬. i converted to the online version of qb from the desktop version and i have to say it was the best decision i made! my primary laptop crashed & nothing could not be recovered, the online version of qb was never an issue & continued seamlessly. this app is such a convenient perk to qb  i can't say enough how fabulous this app is. love it!
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
poor update. unfortunately this latest update has a bug which believes i am on a free trial which has expired. i can still log in to the system on the internet but the ios versions do not work on ipad or iphone for me now. in addition, an option to receive funds in to another account other than the main current account would be a great feature to implement on ios which is sadly lacking at the moment.
great for keeping up with receipts!. instead of having to carry around all of the business receipts that i use, i'm able to take a quick shot with my camera upload it and then i'm all digital.
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
"latest upgrade is a disgrace. i have never written a negative review of an upgrade, but the latest version of this app made a great app totally useless. you can no longer receive invoices or reconcile bank balances. do yourself a favor and delete the quickbooks app rather than ""upgrade."" the mobile website is more useful than the app."
yudi m.. i use this app all day, i love it.
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
horrible horrible app. this new version is terrible! it will not save invoices for payments when i apply them, but then when i log in to the desktop version there's duplicate and triplicate payments.
i love it!. for the most part it's works great! deff worth the money! update 82416 got a new phone with updates. now every time i open app i have to login with full password, thumbprint and 4 digit password don't work. (they are turned on and work for a couple hours after main login with full password but than turn off again...) very aggravating..
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
unclear and sneaky. nowhere in the app did it say that i needed a different product if i’m selfemployed. so i signed up and paid for my first month without knowing that it wasn’t the right one. i’ve paid double the amount i needed to and not even used it and never will use it. a waste of money. not happy at all.
chief operating officer. phenomenal software.
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
no customer support. this is potentially a great app, but customer support is nonexistent  3 emails sent and 2 weeks waiting for a reply to a subscription issue.
paid for itself in one hour. after a long, frustrating search for a robust but simpletouse accounting platform for my growing fitness business, i came across quickbooks and have been exuberant ever since. my invoices go out on time, expenses go in live, and it even tracks my inventory. paid for itself in the first hour. highly recommend.
5050. good tool but it's slow in the network and chews threw battery.
not good. crashes often; slow; give frequent error messages.
good enough for readonly. this app is good for knowing which clients owe money and how much. great for seeing payments and invoices. but don't try to get my realwork done on this. so i use it in a pinch when i need to look up a client or vendor.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
crash. your latest update is crashing. it doesn't let me open the app. please fix immediately
great app. added immensely to efficiency of our business and interface with customers
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
cis unfriendly. useless if your a contractor or subcontractor. if your in the construction industry, this app is useless. you cannot create cis invoices which renders this app useless.
mac's tint. just started with quickbooks, so far so good 😊👍
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
literally crashes every time i try to enter a sale.. great for tracking expenses but useless for processing and tracking sales. very disappointed.
elecsmart electricians ltd london. great app could do with some tweaks here and there but 5 stars are given !
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
much anticipated update. always room for improvement and each update is a step in the right direction. i've been a qbo user for 26 months now and run my whole oneman business on it. each version is a bit better than the last. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface.
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
great app. very good photo function. so, no need to save receipt.
entering in items.. when i enter in items if i forget something it won’t let me put an item that i missed between two items that have already written down i have to put it at the end. i want to enter in all my items and then pick the order of the items.
bank sync. errors while synching bank accounts for matching invoices. this is a basic function and not sure why they cant fix it. account shows as not deposited though its in bank. please fix this.
excellent. very useful and easy for my business in all its developments.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
awesome software. easy, user friendly, easy to organize and update!
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
could be much better.. this app needs lots of work. is not possible to assign an expense as billable. is also not possible to add markup from this app. lame.
good app it works. happy enough. do miss the previous button on items like supplier bills and customer invoices. app is also improving. thanks qbs
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
sorely disappointed. intuit made good products maybe even great products at one time. now their cloud offerings a just released with out any concern for features and bugs. disappointed. somebody has gotten to big to care about their customers.
very useful!. this app allows me to send clients a sales receipt as soon as they hand me the cash, invaluable when visiting clients.
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
error. a lot of error messages when trying to save things. only to find out it was saved twice afterwards.
excellent. the app is a great supplement to the online version when i'm on the road. i easily make customer invoices, add expenses that i have purchased. nothing is lost or forgotten. great way to keep everything up to date
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
nothing but glitches on my ipad. really not worth it nothing but problems one operating on ipad
great app!. very userfriendly and convenient. great for people who are needing to create invoices and estimates and track expenses. the iphone app is fantastic!
5050. good tool but it's slow in the network and chews threw battery.
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
qbo saved my books. this app is a great extension to the desktop, cloud based program. everything you need in the palm of you hand and more.
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
this app does not function properly on ios13. i cannot view any customer files. i can search for them, but the app will not let me click on a customer to edit invoices.
love this product. i've been using qb for years. every year it get better than the year before. i won't use any other accounting software.
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
wow. not ready for prime time. i don't think this has followed through on a single promise it is horribly clunky at importing bank transactions  count on spending hours recategorizing every single transaction you made honestly. it's barely better than a spreadsheet for the price
brilliant!. after years of using outdated and under performing sage software, finally i can use a truly mobile cloud based app that fulfils all the needs of a small business. come change of tax year make the switch, it's easy and you will wish you had done it years ago.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
a good start. i have 19 overdue invoices and quickbooks sent me 19 alerts about it, telling me i have 19 overdue invoices, all at the same time. how about sending 1 alert only?
happy with the app. i’ve used for quickbooks and the app for a year now and it has really helped my business and is a easy way to keep track of customers and quotes
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
powerful mobile app!. love this app and use it all the time while on the go.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
needs work ipad version. limited reports, restrictions on creating categories. simple things like always upper case in the state box, locks up when doing a quote  have to save often on ipad.
pretty good. limited invoice customisation is annoying but otherwise pretty good. app works great.
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and redownload it relogin yeah that doesn’t work.
does what i need. app is easy to navigate and has all functionality i am looking for.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
app issue’s. i purchased a new ipad pro 12.9, i downloaded the quickbooks app. on the left tab when i would select sales it causes the app to crash. i tried deleting the app and reinstalling the app and it did the same thing.
seabreeze sealants. awesome app, makes running our business quick & easy in all aspects, we are able to stay in control of cash flow and invoices. highly recommend 👌🤙
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
great for my small business. i could not run my business without online quick books and having it at my fingertips on my iphone, ipad and iwatch means i can check things on my downtime like when i'm sitting in traffic.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
questionable developers and qa. don’t bother with this app. more time updating this weekly with version changes and bug fixes... jokers edit; 29th nov 2019  this continues  just look at the version history log on the app...
love it. this app works great for me.. .
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
very frustrating. this could be great but there are too many bugs. can't switch between users accounts and that should be easy. fix it please!!!
very good for business!. quickbooks is a great app for managing the everyday finances for my business that i just start. no matter what is a small business, this is the right one.
works for me. the system is somewhat easy to use, and works for my purposes. although it's a shame that this is the only option from quickbooks for canadian mac users. not even a desktop version is available. if you have another option besides mac, it would be cheaper to own. you could get quickbooks pro for $250 for windows desktop. or pay 1 year of quickbooks essentials for $240.
stop trying to make mileage tracking happen, it's not going to happen.. it's fine to ask me *once* if i would like to track mileage through the app. it's *not* okay to ask every time i open the app. it's not a service i need, it's not a service i use. stop shoving it in my face and stop asking me to use it.
brilliant app with loads of features!. so easy to use. so easy to learn. instant bank feeds. invite your accountant & bookkeeper & other users. so much support from intuit & the australian team. what's not to like? intuit have put together a great product for the small to medium business owner. thoroughly recommend this product.
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
inferior to qb online on desktop. qb app on ipad or android does not not have even half of the features that qb online has on a desktop. i can manage basic invoicing, basic expenses, see transactions, and pull up basic reports... everything about this app is basic. i have to actually be on my desktop to access the full features of qb online. very dissapointed.
pastor davis. this is a very effective tool and very user friendly!
great app but signs you out a lot. this is a great app and it works almost perfect but there's one really annoying issue. the app signed you out a lot and doesn't give you the option of entering back in with touch id but rather having to annoyingly enter your password. please fix this as touch id makes life so much more convenient rather than entering your password. doesn't always happen but more often than it should.
help with my subscription. it says error downloading product information
categorize expense. useful. would be better if it can scan the photo and also categorize expenses.
ok but needs work. we have 4 ipad2 running his app to invoice and do estimates on the go. much better and faster than previous versions. would still like to see some type of service form so we can make multiple service calls on a project then tally up and invoice together. also the new activity page doesn't show sent info on invoices and estimates. that was very helpful. they should put it back in. overall better.
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and redownload it relogin yeah that doesn’t work.
dispatcher. i can actually keep up with calls now with this mobile app
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
annoying but useful. 1. there is no dashboard 2. have to reenter your password every couple of days 3. the only report you can view is p&l. no other reports are available (e.g. ageing, unpaid invoices, customer unpaid, etc.)
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
good and convenient. i can sync quickbooks on my computer, ipad and iphone. convenient
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
cant connect !!!. cannot use my account , fix it please !
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
getting frustrated. i hate that the computer version keeps crashing. the app is nice but doesn't have all the features of the web version (or if they are there i haven't found them yet!)
very helpful.... there are some glitches with a couple of the features but for the most part, it’s exactly what i need. a great help for record keeping and invoicing my customers efficiently. there should be an option to select and send multiple invoices at once. i have multiple invoices per customer each week.
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
mrs. app will not open after update
great for mobile small business !. we couldn't live without our quickbooks online mobile app! look up information and match bank transactions right away. would like to see more functionality for customer and vendor invoicing and billing options as well as filtering but overall a great, easy to use tool.
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
so glitchy!! 😡. quickbooks has the potential to be great. but this app is so, so glitchy! have constant problems with it and i'm really getting to the point of giving up and going back to sage. every time a problem is sorted, a new one pops straight back up. if they could employ some decent tech guys and get things working properly, this would be brilliant.
excellent app. couldnt ask for more! all my paperwork centralised in my pocket!
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
must have !!!. if you have a business that serves customers and you want to collect payment at time of service or later, you want this software along with its phone apps to do business in the field. your a fool if you don't !!!!
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
would recommend to everyone!. easily the best software to manage a small business. i am able to invoice customers with such ease that it makes me wonder why i haven't switched software platforms sooner! you can not go wrong with quickbooks. the app is so easy to navigate.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
pretty good 9 months in. really good, can't do pay roll or vat reports on the app but just about everything else. photo receipts for expenses and checking received payments. very useful. f
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
great app. convenient. quickbooks app is very easy to use and makes tracking expenses quick and easy.
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
touch id still doesn't work. they said they fixed touch id but if you do not use the app for a while it prompts you for a password every time still. app works pretty well otherwise for quick checking of accounts and expenses. actually putting expenses andor invoices can be a little cumbersome. i'd rather use everything online.
great app. this app is a great supplement to the mac version very very helpful
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
great app. 
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
poor software and worse support. software has limited features and the support agent gave me 3 different answers to 1 question. what hope does anyone else have with support like that. avoid this product
"love it!!!. i love everything about it!! needs to be a little more ""ipad"" friendly  but so far only minor things need to be done in the web version."
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
"good but not perfect.. a feature is missing that you get on the website for example, search i can't search invoices in the app through ""memo"". why!!!!??? please fix or add a ""memo"" search option, please!!!"
intuitive and very useful!. i'm surprised at how easy this app is to use and how much functionality it has. i'm able to do pretty much all of my typical day to day tasks within this app. it's extremely useful to be able to quickly put together an estimate for a client from my phone or categorize a transaction. intuit, you've done a great job here!
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
not easy to use. simple tasks like entering a transaction are complex. app and online qb have a slow response when tapping things. just overall frustrating trying to switch from desktop qb to the app and online qb.
wow, did this app save our business. we are in florida and have had no power or internet for over one week. this app saved our real estate rental business. everything you can do on your desktop, you can do with your ipad, using this app. all customer data is stored on the cloud. this app is mandatory if you get hit by a disaster!
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
please fix this asap!!!!. this update is horrible and does not work properly at all! data doesn't refresh and i keep getting error messages. the only (very temporary) fix is to delete the app and redownload it  daily! lame! this must be addressed immediately.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
great functions, easy to use. really great invoicing system. great way of keeping incomeexpense records to be able to do your own accounting. can be frustrating when trying to login on the computer sometimes requires an sms to log in even though it's from home computer.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
perfect for in the go. i've used invoice2go, fresh books and a few other invoicing apps. quick books is the real deal and makes your life much easier. highly recommend!
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
might be better. purchases within the app are very expensive! and, by the way, the app cannot be considered as stable
very well designed. since the dawn of tablets i’ve been patiently waiting for tablets and apps to be able to handle larger programs. because of quickbooks easy and convenient app. i have converted my business to all ipads. it has not only been an amazing tool for time management and popping out quick quotes. but is a big reason into my cost savings going from expensive laptops to ipads.
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
many bugs. need to fix bugs that cause the app to not follow the regular online access. employees can see things they shouldn't (like business income) and are unable to do things they should like entering customer info and invoices.
quick books makes my life easier!. doing estimates and sending invoices is easier then ever!
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
crash error crash error. quickbooks is a four outta five platform, this app is a one... signs me out and crashes more than once a day!
i like it. just started using on the ipad pro and working smoothly so far. easy and quick to switch between multiple companies in the qb app.
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
keep crush !. my iphone version is ios11.2.1. i can’t open this app. keep crushing. please fix asap.
app. using this app is like being your own accountant. it helps keep track of your income and expenses. i highly recommend to all self employed people.
awsome software. that is a great app but still far away from the desktop program .... limited access for a lot futures it's ok but not wow for the yearly cost
worthless on ios13. out of all the apps i have, this is the only one that wasn’t ready for ios13. it was worthless during the entire public beta process & i was hoping with the actual ios 13 release, it would be updated. not the case, still worthless. doesn’t work on my iphone or ipad. it was the convenience of having quickbooks on the go that sold me in the first place. not the case anymore.
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
rubbish. you’d expect better due to it having bank details, just want customers to get invoices & see that they’ve paid , quite embarrassing when it takes longer to open the app than do the job , very disappointing 😡
great fing app!!. i love this app, everything syncs over so well from the web version. it's very simple to use and makes my job a hell of a lot easier!!
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
app doesn't work. since updating this a couple of days ago, can't open the app at all. please sort!
fantastic software !. currently in a middle of a building site, sending clients invoice & estimates. now my time is my own this evening ! couldn’t do with out it .
great for my simple business. i love quickbooks online and would give it 5 stars except i send many estimates, invoices and sales receipts by email and frequently they are not received and unless i follow up i do not know they were not received. when it is sent i need the satisfaction it will be received. again i love the program.
flawed. i am going to reinstall the old app. the new app will not allow me to add a customer from my phone's contact list.
amazing. amazing app i use it for my online business
it's ok not bad. it does the primary functions fine. gives you a decent insight with the new dashboard. one glitch is that it shows deleted invoices as past due.
no longer works on ipad. this app is no longer functioning as of the most recent update. it used to work on the ipad. the camera feature is difficult to use when trying to take a picture of receipt. it doesn't allow me to record payments any longer. please fix.
contractor. amazing product for having customers and businesses on point and updated on the spot
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
disaster to sign out. i happened to see this app and found it is interesting to scan invoices but turns to be that i have to be a “company” to use it and have to pay so much for it! so expensive!!!!!!
great software. i worked with quickbooks over 5 year and i say 90% of the time works great thats. good for accounting software
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
what a disappointment. this was to replace my desktop version. it did not. just finished the tax year and my cpa said about how difficult the online version was to work with doing the taxes. you cannot bill multiple expenses on a single invoice. multiple line items mean multiple expenses.
owner. i have been quite impressed! small owneroperator, able to send invoices, estimates, et al. from my trucklove it!
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
seles. how’s this quicker, how do you add vat, i was quite happy doing an invoice on my own heading paper, which looked professional, not like this useless thing that has cost more account fees 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
solid for business. great app for a small nonprofit. easy to navigate and i appreciate the prompts!
the invoice customization need big improvement. if you define customization mean capability to make different invoice like different logo diferent information on footer etc. i have to diferent areas of service in my company that use a diferent logos and footer information but quick book on line not work like the desktop version in this part. please fix that !!!!!
don’t bother if you don’t have an accounting degree. this app is terrible. it doesn’t allow me to do anything that i need to day to day and then i have to go back at the end of the month and redo almost everything i have done for the month. waste of money and time. an excel spreadsheet is more accurate.
great app. i've started using quick books as i switched from kashflow it's much easier and has a great user interface.
awsome software. that is a great app but still far away from the desktop program .... limited access for a lot futures it's ok but not wow for the yearly cost
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
great tool for those on the go!. while there is a lot of functionality missing that would make this app even more convenient, what it does offer is a tremendous help while on the go. from creating invoices to recording expenses to seeing your p&l and balance sheet, this app is a great tool and extremely easy to use!
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
please optimize for iphone 6 already!. the resolution doesn't seem to be optimized for the iphone 6, it's blurry. if it's not updated really soon then i will delete and find another. it's expensive to use this app but i'm not prepared to go much longer without a high resolution user interface, what's the point?...please get it done!
awesome app. i run a small business and i use quick books to manage my entire business! from estimates to invoices to getting paid its all so easy and fun to use! thanks guys
sparkyreviews. i used to use invoice2go but fed up of how complicated and expensive it became, quickbooks allows for easy invoicing and estimating from home or on site, also allows me to review incomings and outgoings to my bank easily, giving me more spare time, and saving me money as i don’t need my book keeper anymore! could not be happier with this product!
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
brilliant app with loads of features!. so easy to use. so easy to learn. instant bank feeds. invite your accountant & bookkeeper & other users. so much support from intuit & the australian team. what's not to like? intuit have put together a great product for the small to medium business owner. thoroughly recommend this product.
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
very slow. this app is very very slow.. 10 minutes to load , another 10 minutes to load customer screen, and 15 minutes to apply 1 payment
awesome product. general contractor have tried a lot of different apps and have spent a few hundred bucks...this one by far is the best for invoicing and providing estimates. very streamlined and quick to learn..
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
needs more features. we need to be able to use this like the computer version reconciling and printing checks and deposit slips and it's slow
plenty to be desired. there are options such as making expenses billable is not available. previously had issues with adjusting tax in the app and the support team told me to use the web based version. what's the point in having an app with features when the support team just tells you use the web version.
works great!. having the app, makes it easier to give my clients an exact total immediately. it also makes it easier to track payments and purchases.
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
great app but limited. love the app and how easy it is to use. would love to be able to input expenses, would make it a 5 star app for me then!
my company has grown with quickbooks. i logged in my first invoice in quickbooks the summer of 2001 when i started my first business. over the years, i have not used any other software other than.
broken update. your update broke the app.
impressed. i put off upgrading to online version after using quickbooks pro for five years, struggling to enter online direct debit expenses and payments. online version makes entering data easy and efficient. such a time saver for me. well done intuit! definitely worth the monthly subscription fee.
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
absolute garbage. the ios app and their windows and os x apps are trash. constant workflow interruptions to relogin, then reauthenticate via email. i've spent hours typing in password and security codes in the last month for no reason. same ip, same computer... no need to constantly log me out and ask for another security code. the only thing their security seems to do is keep me out of my account.
great invoicing app. work great for invoicing needs.
qbo user. can't say i'm impressed. sure, it has your company info in it. but the most important functionality for a mobile user is time tracking. but there is no way to enter time on the run, in this app, that i can see.
very disappointing. very limited subset of the online product. the fact that i can't see all my normal reports makes no sense. and can't log in through the browser, so ipad is pretty useless tool for quickbooks. funny thing is that there is beta version for iphone that is more functional. wish it worked on ipad.
excellent. excellent software worth every penny
great app. only thing i don’t like is if you accidentally delete an invoice you can never get that invoice number back and it’s now been voided. that needs to be fixed so it can be adjusted or recovered. none the less it’s a great app. won’t ever connect my bank info none the less because that’s how you get audited for nothing.
slow to use on ipad. i have found quickbooks slow & frustrating to use on my work ipad it takes a long time to load pages.
awesome. great program
pretty good. it has improved over the years but still needs work. one thing that needs improved is that once an invoice is created its harder to edit a line item without deleting it and reentering the line item. entering payments is not as easy with the app is it is with the web based version. i always use the web based version when possible.
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
great app!. i love this app for the ease of use for my clients and me.
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
problems. what my bookkeeper is finding is payments being applied to the wrong invoices. it’s really messed things up. from the checks being deposited from my bank. also, for some reason my quickbooks is duplicating invoices. i will have to erase the app and download again.
quick books. awsome app. helps when your always on the go.
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
update is lacking. bring back touch id. i have to use a password every time i login because the new update keeps turning off touch id every time i login even though i turn it back on every time. also current invoices will not load or refresh.
easy to use. i have been using qb for almost 3 years now and have had nothing but good things to say about the service provided. the support has been great anytime i needed it, they were johnny on the spot. i would highly recommend this to any small business that wants to take the stress out of bookkeeping.
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
online version incomplete. need to make online app version as robust as desktop version  big miss.
great app. this app has been a life saver for organizing my small business. i can track all of my finances as i go without worrying about carrying recipes and forgetting things. i highly recommend this to anyone is business.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
"too many missing features. can't add time entries, even simple ones, have to pay (a lot) for a third party app. not acceptable for a single user company that doesn't sell products, only time that needs to be tracked. can't view current ""sales"" status of unbilled items. can't email myself receipts and have them automatically entered as expenses bank transactions that i've excluded keep showing up. again and again. i'd like to configure away unused modulesfunctions from the menu"
best way to get paid.. easy, professional invoices, cheap and most importantly time saver
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
catastrophique. les à nouveaux n1 ne peuvent pas etre saisis si on a commencé la saisie n. obligé de tout effacer et de tout ressaisir. la date de cloture n’est pas modifiable en cours d’exercice. obligé de tout ressaisir. donc je passe à autre chose.
easy. i have found this app very easy to use. being able to tap into your invoicing system when out on a job. it enables me to issue an invoice same moment the job is finished and emailed to my customer stood in front of me, that way my customer has a paperless invoice and can pay you right away. saves time!
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
great features but very unstable and poor support. i’m an accountant that works with xero, qb and myob. quickbooks online offers probably the best combination of xero and myob’s best features but is let down hugely by the app’s instability (very slow and regularly crashes) and their support, whilst very friendly, is poor in quality and suffers from obvious lack of proper systems and workflow. we’re holding off recommending qb to clients for these two reasons. they aren’t quite deal breakers but close.
great app. i have to switch from another accounting software to quickbooks and every thing is easy to use and easy to navigate.i use it on my phone,desktop in the office.i wish i had it ever since i have been using the other accounts software.
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
master electrician. this app has done everything that i have asked of it. fantastic of estimating, invoicing and receiving payments in the field while on the job site. really saves me time.
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day. unnecessary steps required for multiple entries, should use 'save and next.'
great app!. really handy to be able to use my phone to raise invoices or make them as paid when i check my internet banking on my phone too.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
has potential but still glitches. good functionality but i keep getting an error that an item is no longer valid and that i must refresh my data in settings. but there is no refresh option in settings.
small business owner. works easily, and as promised. user friendly. training is beneficial but not essential to get started. wonderful for my small business. recommended.
quickbooks online. the app can be frustrating at times to use, not enough flexibility. can't make up its mind wether to ask me to sign in or use finger print login. need option to control where deposits go.
bad update. can no longer accept credit card payments. keep getting error code 6000. tech support advised this is a known issue but no eta on fix. please revert back to previous version.
great app. quick books has come a long way this app it's great love it
insecure data. though all the great features are available on quickbooks online, company using it are high insecure because any one gets access to the user name and password maliciously could steal the firms data. i could have given it four stars if it had security features like vpn.
app is changed for the worse. i am not sure when this happened, but the app is now useless and does not have the functionality it used to have. i now need to do everything on computer. not good.
good stuff. so good to know i have everything i need to know for my customers and about my customers in hand all the time. mahalo!!!!!
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
app crashes. everything was great until one day the app crashed. now crashes every time i open it. reinstalled and same issue. help????
great start. app is perfect for a small business. the sooner you get organized using the app the less work you have to do down the road. love it
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
limited. desktop app for mac is brutal slow. mobile apps ok but limited graphic reports
covers everything. love qb love how you can work quick on the go as well, on the phone or ipad as well as computer. it can be overwhelming but customer service is always super helpful. just and over all great product.
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
poor payroll and after service tech support.. been waiting months to try and sort it out. hours on the phone. not worth the energy anymore. looking at zero as a worthwhile option. regret being tricked into the cheap price. pay peanuts you get monkeys.
best accounting app. perfect for any small business. never had any problem, never crashes. only need more invoicing templates.
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
dubai. i tried to register dubai address but looks like only us address possible.
love it. convenient and easy. my 2 favourite things. just wish when a customer overpays, it would reflect that on the next invoice. i have to keep track of credits by hand.
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
disappointing. anemic version of quickbooks online. not very useful. i would love a more full featured app since the web version is terribly buggy on mobile safari and chrome.
works. 3 small companies, always on the go. this a is a handy solution....my accountant loves it to.
suscripción suspendida! ya pague! pero sigue suspendida ayuda. ayuda ! esta suspendida y no puedo facturar
can't see vendor activity. needs improvement. when a vendor is asking for info about payment, i can't see any of that info from the app. i have to go into the computer to look at vendor activity, which means i also need to be in a wifi location.
powerful. very good, gives almost all of the functionality as the browser version except for splitting and journal entries. but for daily review and acceptance of linked electronic transactions, this is great! also has a good p&l and balance sheet report.
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
poor service. stopped connecting to my bank account so can’t link transactions and service and support is terrible and cannot work out why. won’t be using again and will be cancelling.
great app!!!!. i am a simple tradie and this app has made life so easy! not complicated easy fast and effective.
"communicates across platforms. i enjoy being able to enter an expense on my phone app and see it on my laptop. i have had to discontinue the ""mac app"" on my new macbook because it shuts down or tries to log in without letting me enter the password and ends up in an endless loop. i just use the web version and that seems to be ok. i wish the easy to use features on my phone were as easy on the laptop."
need improvement asap. need to approve the app asap due to many loss of customers. disappointed of the high price.
newest update issue. hi, i love this app and it normally works great. when i updated my ipad, i can no longer take payments because of a weird glitch that keeps the total amount $0 even if the item is $25. i emailed with screenshots. giving you a heads up to look for that. at the moment, i can’t process any payments. it’s frustrating! thank you.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
so much better than sage. we moved from sage to this and haven’t looked back. the app is better and the links to banks work (unlike sage). the help and support is better than sage too. all in all, well worth a trial.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
app is useless. receipts and notes entered in the app do not show in the register online without additional steps. it doesn’t even show there is an attachment even though i selected show attachments in settings. so what’s the point. absolutely ridiculous in this day and age.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
garbage. do not use this app will create an accounting nightmare can’t export back to desktop or keep your data with out staying up with their monthly payments just junk
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
transferring to turbotax. transferring company file from online quickbooks to turbotax is only was possible by transferring the company file to desktop quickbooks and from there to turbotax. to do this transition you will need an old computer with windows 7 and ie11 32 bit. totally ridiculous and intuit looks does not care about this issue and left their customers alone with the issue. it’s a shame.
excellent accounting app. invoicing to my customers has become very quick and payments entry are the coolest which i found. secondly the one year 70% discount is the main which attracted me. i hope this discount continues i also go ahead with this accounting software app. the negative is that i am not able to connect to my local bank in uae for reconciliation.that's all from me. thanks for giving me opportunity to write a review.
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
valuable tool to have in the field. i installed the app, imported company files from my desktop and boom i was doing estimates and invoices in the field.
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
update = crash. haven't been able to use app since updated. disrupting my business. will not open.
awesome. it's taken me a couple of weeks to figure everything out but wow this a well thought out software and app!
works well. app is adequate. performs most functions that i need on the quick. would like more report options. biggest complaint is the need to continuously enter account and password. i have enabled touch id. only about 25% does the app actually use touch id. rest forced to enter password.
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
simple and easy. i find the app and the computer program simple and easy to navigate. i operate my small business using quickbooks and i am yet to have an issue.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
ios 13 crash. an awful app that is made even less useful in ios13 because it just crashes straight after running.
love this app. works great and i can navigate and make invoices and track everything in one app! i love it
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
pro advisor. the training videos and exam are not opening on my ipad. apparently doesn’t work with safari. i have tried everything possible in my settings.
great app. absolutely awesome tool for my company
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
"convoluted. extremely difficult to navigate. what should be a simple site to use, turns out to be very convoluted. far, far too many ""choices"" on how to input invoiced paid. transferring data from your bank account is a nightmare. site keeps suggesting i've already added that data....saying, oops, you have a ""match"". welllll, yeeees, many of my monthly bills are exactly the same amount each month, a recurring bill. not a match. arrggggg"
good for on the go. good for on the o, definitely not the same as on the desktop, but pretty good app for most things you need to do quickly
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
mobility at its best!. is like having your business at the palm of your hands! just sent out a $40k invoice while on a cruise ship in mexico. also love the storeforward function. no need to be connected, once you get connected it will be sent out. great app!
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
not very user friendly.. not very user friendly. have to open the app twice every time i use it. it says critical updates required log out and log in to refresh. every. single. time. i . open. the. app. i’ve tried deleting and reinstalling multiple times. when entering receipts it could have a search box at the top of vendor list do you don’t have to ask to search every time.
great update to already great app. the latest update is great! being able to reconcile through app is awesome. best accounting app out!!!
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
has some 🐜. i really like qbs. sometimes i cannot send invoices or edit. a message pops up saying that ‘try again later’. i would like to use my own design for my invoices instead of the very simple format i can only use in their system.
qb rocks. this is a great app to stay on top of your business while on the go. whether in the office, at home, or on vacation, make sure your payables and receivables match.
sparkyreviews. i used to use invoice2go but fed up of how complicated and expensive it became, quickbooks allows for easy invoicing and estimating from home or on site, also allows me to review incomings and outgoings to my bank easily, giving me more spare time, and saving me money as i don’t need my book keeper anymore! could not be happier with this product!
to complicated. don’t know how to get the max out of this app
very good. the app works well i would say that it is easier to use and better than quick books online. (i do understand that the online has to do more) it links well with online and being able to photograph receipts and invoices and applying them to the relevant file is great.
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
very easy to use. the app works flawless. being able to sign in with biometrics, take photo of receipts and capture expenses quickly is one of the many great feature.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time. it works great with my small business to easily access invoices as well as the payment logs.
ok but needs work. we have 4 ipad2 running his app to invoice and do estimates on the go. much better and faster than previous versions. would still like to see some type of service form so we can make multiple service calls on a project then tally up and invoice together. also the new activity page doesn't show sent info on invoices and estimates. that was very helpful. they should put it back in. overall better.
a good idea but not very useful yet. there is not access to the important online reports. there is no access to fx transactions or accounts in a foreign currency. i live overseas and bill my clients in us dollars and as such have no access to client information or us dollars sales and accounts. if the app mirrored the online program it would be great but it doesnt!!
awesome!. i have always enjoyed using quickbooks. over the years i have moved from quickbooks to quickbookspro to quickbooks enterprise and now quickbooks online. this online system is awesome. if integrates well with other systems i use, it’s easy to navigate (once you take the free courses), customer service is excellent when i have issues  and it will move straight into my turbotax corporate filings. love, love, love it!
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
the app have few bugs & the customer support sounds like they not familiar with their products. when you create a new customer and saving it and then you need to change some information in the contact it still shows the previous info contacted customer support few times and they are useless
love it. but one thing is missing. i have a lot of customers who prepay for their dog waking services. trying to roll over store credit is more difficult than anticipated with this app. that is the one and only negative i have. not big enough of an issue to make me not want to use this app. i love it overall.
connecting my business. as a carpender who has been in business for almost 20 years switching over to quickbooks this year has allowed a much more efficient process. the phone app has changed the speed at which i can respond to customers.
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
rave. i have enjoyed having customer information at my fingertips on this app.
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
the best app out there by far. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far. gets even better every download. 1 issue(for me) is that i can't attach a pdf to invoices using a device. would be 5⭐️ if the next update includes this.
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
no bad. there are several things that are better with the app and qb's online, however the lack of personalisation with the invoicing are rather pants and why the system doesn't have a clocking in facility for employees yet is beyond me could be done easily through a simple app and gps no?? and then integrated into job sheets
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
crashing after ios 9 update. app continues to crash after updating to ios 9. just after opening it crashes. this app has been an excellent tool to my business. looking forward to a quick bug fix.
needs time keeping entry. quickbooks really needs to come up with an app to do their time entry for quickbooks online
contractor couldn't live without it. i use this app every time i bill a client and can provide him with an accurate, complete invoice and receive payment on the spot. importing customers from my contacts is a great help. a musthave complement to quickbooks online.
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
phoned in. this could be such a cool extension, but like a lot of qb online, it feels a bit phoned in.  expenses show without account coding  what's the point?  report viewing is limited  dashboard is not customizable
great bookkeeping app. this is a great app for tracking expenses sending invoices and overall bookkeeping. it is especially great if you are a mobile service and always on the go, easytouse from your phone or tablet or computer!
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
fix this!. when using my new iphone x the app crashes every time i try selecting the “invoices” button?! also... constantly have to log in and log out to update my information?! why?! please fix these major issues!
qb online has changed the way we do business. qb online has changed the way we do business. we own a pottery studio, and do not have a fulltime bookkeeper. as a small business owner that employs only my husband and myself, qb online with apps for iphone and ipad, have made bookkeeping quicker. it has also improved our estimate and invoice system.
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
can't do banking on ap. has anyone else got the problem of adding transactions on their ap?! i can do it on a web browser but the whole reason of an ap is so you can do it from there! i've been in talks with the company for 1 month and still not fixed!
perfect. for what i need this application is absolutely perfect. saves a lot of messing around creating an invoice in word and then sending it ... great app !!
entering in items.. when i enter in items if i forget something it won’t let me put an item that i missed between two items that have already written down i have to put it at the end. i want to enter in all my items and then pick the order of the items.
hassled. having a negative experience trying to connect bank account. tried the right credentials and still not getting anywhere. waste of time.
convenient but with some bugs. love that i can use any device to keep up in the field but i still can't email estimates (the come across jumbled). a few other bugs i'm working on also.
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
quickbooks online is a nightmare!. big mistake. if you are considering quickbooks online talk to some bookkeepers first or you may find yourself doing the books because so many of them refuse to work with the online version. once you upload your data to the online version there is no way of downloading the data to go back to regular quickbooks! as for the app, well it's as frustrating as as the online program.
best addition for any business on the go!. the free trial was amazing. my favorite part is having the ability to send invoices. while setting up my merchant services, customer support was kind and easy to work with. now it's easier to bill my clients from my phone. i track everything. get the quickbooks app. you won't regret it!
nick name. works for mobile receipts, entering expenses is really nice as you can take a picture of the receipt. even has limited reports. i don't understand all the bad reviews. what do you want it to do? for hvac contractor like me, it works really good.
all gui no substance. as a business owner, i want native apps that allow me to do all major functions that are available on the desktopweb version. i want to see everything and do anything from anywhere in a simple clean interface. this app just fails to meet my expectations...i see no reason to use it.
brilliant and far reaching app. started using this app following another app which was not giving me the usability that i needed. this app is amazing in its flexibility and ease of use. get it and you won’t regret it.
not bad. has some issues ... no consistency in how you log in ... one day by 4 digit pin , 1 hour later it wants the full email & password followed by a 6 digit pin via confirmation email . try to match payments incorrectly when the deposit clearly states who it's from ... 😳🔫 does do a good job with the bank feeds ... mostly .
awoolridge. i like the app and actually find it easier to record payments from customers than the online version. however, it is frustrating that you cannot perform all duties ie. creating estimates and invoices etc.. let's ramp it up qb. ;)
convenient app for my accounting on the go. love the user friendly interface and convenience of upkeeping my accounts anytime anywhere
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
signature doesn't work with ios 9. my signature for my invoices that i need to get paid on no longer works with ios 9. still no update!
easy to use, powerful, brilliant. managing everything on the run is important... with quickbooks i can do pretty much everything i need from my mobile saving me valuable time! only thing i would request is an apple watch app.
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be.
great on the move!. really easy to use, keeps my accounts up to date all the time, so much easier than finding time when i'm back home! clients get invoices instantly and i keep on top of payments and expenses. first class
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
very helpful. would love that they add a feature for partially paid invoices
super appli qui a changé ma vie.. gain de temps faramineux dans mon activité. et j’ai une vue instantanée sur le business. mon expert comptable est ravi en plus car il ne perd plus de temps sur la saisie que je ne voulais plus payer et la collecte qui m’embêtait.
no where near as good as it should be. glitchy is the main word i can think of. 50% of the time the thumbprint access doesn't work. i'm constantly going to the website instead of using the app. the website works great! the one thing i use the app for is to generate a new invoice while i'm on the go. but i can't rely on the app for anything else or any other info to be updated or correct.
fantastic product overall. the mobile app gets about 3 stars but desktop version is 2nd to none. overall love quickbooks and it has helped my business. although mobile app not as good, it's nice to have on the go when i need info on prior jobs out in the field. what i don't like about mobile app is that it won't automatically put next invoice number like the desktop version, that would be a nice fix!
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
great app. i was only half way pleased with the app before. but with the new upgrades and changes, it is almost fully functional! it is so nice to be in a meeting with my partners or accountant or client and be able to look up data on my iphone. so worth it... i love it!!!!!!!
expenses. you cannot cost expenses to a particular job or client
quickbooks lies again. this app does not track mileage as advertised
greatly improved!. we have been using intuit products for over 15 years and we are impressed with new quickbooks online service. only thing is i wish billing solutions worked with it or similar way to use an invoice mailing service.
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
great for my business. the app makes checking banking records and status of transfers easy. the app is also very intuitive. highly recommend.
great app!. i'm in love with this app, too bad that the proadvisor app doesn't work as sharp (doesn't work at all).
could be better. while it's great to access your company file while mobile it lacks certain details and or functions that make it a complete app. the option for creating purchase orders is available but only for an expense not an inventory item. disappointed.
business owner. this is a great product ! i don't know how i would keep my business organized without it. also customer services is awesome. this is a must have app!!!!
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
great mobile app, but it has a mind of its own. i've found the ability to work remotely as a great plus for estimates, electronic invoices and checking customer records. i have just had issues with downloaded deposit amounts and matching for reconciliation. automatic entry into register has to go!
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
app is satisfactory  quickbooks online is not. i am very unhappy with quickbooks online. if you are anything more then a landlord of one rental property, then you will find quickbooks online to be greatly underwhelming. it is clunky, glitchy, and virtually void of any mechanism for customizing the program. it is not a replacement for quickbooks desktop. perhaps after a few years of unfortunate beta testers abandoning quickbooks online it will get better. for now, though, don't do it.
easy to use and navigate. love it.... it's a huge step up than our last accounting system. love that the reconciliation is so easy.
room for improvement. it’s a good app, with some good features, perfect for using on your phone. it would be nice, however, if the ipad version was more like the web version with more of the features available there. it’s frustrating having to switch between the two versions.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
simple, yet capable. does everything i need and i love being able to use it online, iphone and ipad. on the go flexibility is a must and this app does that flawlessly!
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
update. please fix soon app opens and closes after update.
estimate layout. i like the way the app works, i have problems when i need to include a lot of info on the estimates. when i send it it leaves the first page blank and cuts of some of the info on the second page. overall great though!
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
useless after update. quickbooks was wonderful until the most recent update rendered it useless. things won't save. transactions hang up. very frustrating.
easy and interlink. quick book is easy to use and able to interlink between my office pc with smart phone, ipad as well as bank accounts. it is making our accounting procedures easy.
just like the web version. the new updates are great. it's just like the web version minus tax lodgements which is possibly due to regional differences. the only gripe i have is the lack of keyboard integration which means you will need to use the touch screen but it's an ipad app so can't really complain there.
terrible app. keeps crashing. keeps dumping you out telling you that “critical updates “ and must login again. try to login and  am a very longtime customer  it tells you your company is nonexistent. ba humbug. complain to intuit and they say use a “supported” device. in other words: don’t use the app. time to find software other than quick books.
love it. this is a great app to keep your accounts up to date on the fly.
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
callous. no one ever reviews or responds to help tickets raised for quickbooks india edition. better to close down attempts to sell in india rather than bringing bad name to such a great software originally!! not suitable for india unless they make attempts to improve and shun away their callousness!!!!!!
really good !. used a different invoicing program for years but would not sync with quickbooks. so i went over to the best and figuring it out. quickbooks online has made it easy to work through. good job developers !! been 8 months now and have to say quickbooks online has been excellent ! not too hard to learn and very easy for my customers. a winwin
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
don't do latest update. was working great until latest update. now i cannot create any invoices.
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
great. works pretty good. can't match partial payments. those must be exact match unless il missing something
features bugged and gets worse every time they update it. transactions page on ios 13 doesn’t respond atall, you can categorise and transactions or match payments. stop updating the app when you haven’t tested it thoroughly... it’s getting to the point i’m going to start looking elsewhere.
good app. great app easy to use
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
loss of functionality. i had been using this app for a while without any real issues. however, recently the 'expense' button that pulls up from the '+' menu on the home screen is grayed out...thus rendering the app fairly useless on the go! intuit said they unfortunately didn't have the ability to fix issues with the app.
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
issues with addresses being in window of envelope. i used to be able to print off invoices and mail them to customers by folding in thirds. now i have to fold a special way to get the address to appear in the windows of the envelope.
quickbooks app. does not work well. needs a lot of improvements. each time i back up my files i end of with multiple copies on my ipad. have called several times and each time they blame the app developer which i have contacted but never heard back from them. poor program that needs fixing to get it up to good standards. do not recommend until they fix problems.
super easy. great app and accounts program  easy to use after a small amount of training. so far i haven’t come across any of those annoying bugs you get in other accounts apps
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
horrible support and wrong selling from sales team. very poor sales knowledge of the product and service is horrible.. following up since morning and they buy 2030 mins and been more than 7 hours concerned person with resolutions didn’t happen
very user easy. this app is great. very user friendly!
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
pas satisfaisant. j'ai été forcé de passer de quickbooks 2009 la solution en ligne car je veux une solution française. j'ai perdu la fonction multicompagnies et la fonction budget, 2 fonctions essentielles. de plus il est à peu près impossible d'avoir du service en ligne digne de ce nom. tentez de trouver autre chose avant d'en faire l'acquisition
your only retail software. simply the best !
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
latest update. the last update has the photo settings all messed up. you can no longer capture a good picture that will send with invoices. it either won’t attach to the invoice or it’s cropped automatically to the point the entire page doesn’t show. needs to be fixed. already looking at other options for my business.
all you need to run a business.. awesome app. all your accounting needs are build into the app. very easy to use.
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
not quite what i'm looking for. after the invoice2go update disaster, i read a lot of good things about this app. sadly it fell short of expectation as i was unable to change the invoice number, which i would think was a pretty basic requirement. advice on the internet seems to relate to an older version of the app as the information did not relate to what was on the screen. i won't be utilising my free trial, nor will i be subscribing.
prettt good. it’s a good app, i’d have given it 5 stars but the sequential number doesn’t load when using the app. this means to produce an invoice you have to go back and look up the last invoice number.
quickbooks phone app. so easy i can’t believe it.
great app before last update. i've never had issues with this app until the last update. now i'm no longer able to save changes made to invoices, and i can not apply payments to invoices. there may be some other issues that i haven't stumbled across yet. hopefully the app team will have this resolved soon.
good app. it's a easy app to use.
muito bom. pode melhorar, ainda tem muitos bugs e erros do nada. mas o principal, deveria ter opção de compartilhar e orçamento por whatsapp, visto que apenas 1% dos clientes atuías requerem email, isso inclui empresas.
unreliable. downloaded this because i was looking for something a little more functional than my current invoice app. had for about a week and now the app won't even open, very disappointed because i was really starting to like the software. thankfully i was still using the free trial and hadn't purchased it for the month or year like i had planned on doing.
problem fixed!. app works great!
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
printing receipts. how come you cannot print receipts on the app after you have put a payment through
excellent. the app is a great supplement to the online version when i'm on the road. i easily make customer invoices, add expenses that i have purchased. nothing is lost or forgotten. great way to keep everything up to date
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
everything worked great until last update.. can't save invoices. have to login every time using password. payments don't apply to the invoices just to name a few. wish i hadn't updated.
great product. i like it. i haven't been able to find if there is a way to view overall sales. besides that great at creating and sending invoices.
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
app login. i can not login to app using my online login details. have reset again and again and nothing works. very frustrating
the best app out there by far. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far. gets even better every download. 1 issue(for me) is that i can't attach a pdf to invoices using a device. would be 5⭐️ if the next update includes this.
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
waste of resources. so you have just put out an update saying how exciting that you have changed the layout and fonts... big whoop!! how about getting the program right first. as in the features that the web version do. bundled items can’t be seen or edited in the app you have to log into the web interface. etc etc. posting a premium rate per month yet you can’t add basic features. priority people!! oh wow a new font .... pfffft! :(
business. i'm very happy with this app help me a lot
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
i love it.. i used to have to enter in expenses and sales, but now all that stuff shows up automatically with my banks being connected. i love it!
quickbooks  issues and problems. i thought this may be reputable like the brand. boy am i surprised. can't even call to get proper support. they think that a 48 hours turnaround on a request is acceptable these days...for your important accounting software. give others a look first, this online version is lacking what the desktop has.
so far so good.... the app does what i need it to do mostly. one of the coolest things is being able to photograph my biz receipts into the app, and throw away the original. i'm not crazy about the app in terms of creating invoices that do not match what my desktop version looks like. hopefully the fix for that comes soon. 4 stars from our end.
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
where are all my estimates????. in our business the estimates are the most important... most of our customers on app do not show their estimates!!!! if we cannot access all our estimates through the app...it's worthless. since i can't run our business from my ipad...quickbooks isn't for us..
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multiuser access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
invoices don’t look great. the issue i had when using quickbooks was the invoices just didn’t look very polished or professional. there’s a way of setting up a custom invoice, but really you want a good default so you don’t have to muck around.
simple & effective. it would obviously be unbearably complicated to integrate every feature of the web version, so intuit did a reasonable job of incorporating the most common and necessary features without sacrificing usability or scalability. i can think of not just a few crm and cmm apps that would learn a lot from qb's ui team. thanks intuit. saved me again.
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
extraordinary app for business beyond traditional desktop. quickbooks rules a new dimension on simplified business processes. it is a great app well synchronized with online services, so you can manage different critical aspects of your business on the way and connected. its interface reflects trust, flexibility and fluidity.
quickbooks on the go. i'm rating this so it will stop asking me in the app every time i open it.
don't do it. can't bill a portion of a estimate have to bill it all at once! it will not let you see your job costs per estimate! this is a huge deal i can't believe they haven't fixed this yet. come on qb add another freaken column already! tones of other stuff on the accounting side that i don't know about is missing as well!
business. i'm very happy with this app help me a lot
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
app doesn't refresh with changes. the app doesn't refresh right away making it appear as though changes i have made aren't saved. however, when i get back to my computer all of my attempts to make changes like adding customer payments have been saved. for example, one time i had the same payment recorded 3 times.
response to the quickbooks online account app. i love quickbooks accountant online program; but i noticed that there are limits to the quickbooks accountant online app capabilities compared to what the downloadable online quickbooks accountant software program could do. otherwise, really happy with online quickbooks accountant program!!
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
2 days, still not working. nice salespeople, aesthetically clean application design, but 2 days and things still aren't running with problems on both the web interface on my macbook and separate (unrelated?) ones on the iphone app. i'm still hopeful but thus far, everything on quickbooks seems to have bugs. reminds me of my windows computer at work with lots of errors and conflicts. i like you need a budget better but it doesn't have functionality that i need for my business.
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
useful but limited. useful but definitely not as many features as the web version.
finally!. this app does all that i've wanted  expenses and all. good to se qbo is working at this. love the mobile experience.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
app glitch. other than the recent app glitch all is good.
great. works pretty good. can't match partial payments. those must be exact match unless il missing something
over promised, under delivered. the desktop app is slow and the mobile app is lacking pretty important features. their tech support is horrible and can take days to resolve an issue....if they even admit that there is an issue.
great app. this has transformed my business. it is so easy to use that i now do my accounting on my cell phone.
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
mileage tracker, not working. i have emailed for help, chatted with online help and nothing is solved. the last response i got from the chat support was “oh.” there is something wrong with the app not my phone. i can’t even save mileage manually, i get an error that says “try back later” i am paying $40month, this needs to work.
awesome. a great app that i use frequently to help organize my buisness
could be better. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
way too limited. the app for the ipad is too basic. i can create an invoice and email or print but if i need to print an existing invoice there is no option to do this. after receiving payments there is no way to deposit them to my bank. i can't believe that qb would release an app before testing it. i am hoping that there will be an upgrade soon to make it functional. disappointed!
so far so good.... the app does what i need it to do mostly. one of the coolest things is being able to photograph my biz receipts into the app, and throw away the original. i'm not crazy about the app in terms of creating invoices that do not match what my desktop version looks like. hopefully the fix for that comes soon. 4 stars from our end.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
very weak. i have been a quickbooks user for years but the app is just weak. employee transactions are not possible and reports are minimal. i consider these critical aspects of good accounting software and they almost do not exist in the app. i don’t need an app to write an invoice or figure out that someone owes me money. however, keeping track of my reporting to the government and paying employees is critical and these do not exist in the app.
splendid. excellent to have such an app to complete all needs and it's on mobile too
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
love the app. it is amazing to see how well the app learn how to categorize expense! the design and ui are also amazing!
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have littleno confidence in the product.
so good!. quickbooks on my phone is awesome. it’s terribly easy to see old invoices for payment rates and amounts and to get signatures when delivering our wine.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
weak iphone app, no customer service. really weak app, no customer service. after trying to contact qb customer service, i got no response from anybody at qb. after paying big monthly fees $ i'm switching back to invoice2go, where i got great customer service and my feedbacks were used in improvements.
if you don’t use quickbooks you’re probably wasting a lot of time.. i find the day to day management of my business much easier and less time consuming since i started using quick books. as with everything, it isn’t perfect. i would like to see more features on the mobile app. that being said, i only use the app and it works well for me. customer service is excellent. they strive to resolve any issue you throw at them. i would highly recommend!
mr. recent updates have slowed both the phone and computer app to a crawl. very frustrating. otherwise a very good app on my phone.
buggy. try to submit feedback and can’t within the app. they removed the quantity column from invoices and their support is dismissive. this is a big company who price gouges and doesn’t really care about it’s customers.
great app. need to be able to make statements from iphone. just make the app able to do everything you're able to do from laptop. love quikbooks.
touch id. can we get touch id support to replace the pin?! otherwise very good product.
app problems. okay!! so for like 2 years, your app will not configure with the desktop version and none of the email addresses get updated. so in my case, i had been sending invoices to the wrong person and couldn't figure out why i wasn't getting paid? fix this like it used to work 3 years ago
review. love quick books but feel very much alone when it comes to new stuff or thinks i need help with it would seem to me that qb think that everyone as the same knowledge level as they do and a diary like the original one with barclays bank would be very useful
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
useless app. hard and bad wrote app. can't use many of the functions of regular online version.
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
just like the web version. the new updates are great. it's just like the web version minus tax lodgements which is possibly due to regional differences. the only gripe i have is the lack of keyboard integration which means you will need to use the touch screen but it's an ipad app so can't really complain there.
class reporting is needed badly for the app. without class reporting this app doesn't provide a lot of use for someone with multiple locations.
rcborkert. so far this is a good program. a bit pricey. maybe they will make a better deal at the end of the term (year)
so good. best account software available
buggy. app has been very buggy. for a few months i lost the ability to add expenses and not every time i click on home the app closes. using brand new iphone 7.
rnm media and sound. it’s a great app and system. lovely to use and easy to get around. they must just add online reception and receiving of payments. this will make business much much easier.
paie. il serait vraiment apprécié de pouvoir entrer le temps travailler pour nos employés.
limited for multi user. i wanted to be able to have a an app that i could send with my field employees. this one does not allow more than gross limits on data.
helpful. while not a fully functioning mobile version of qbo, this app is great for checking up on things.
constantly having to sign in!. i wish quickbooks could figure out how to not have the app constantly make me reenter my password.
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
great app  easy to use. enough said. it helps me keep track of my invoicing as well as my expenses. great for small businesses.
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
tricked. had to provide all my email and phone information before being told it was a free trial, felt tricked, if you want to save money doing your books you don't want to pay for an app to help you, just learn to do it yourself for free
best accounting app. perfect for any small business. never had any problem, never crashes. only need more invoicing templates.
connecting my business. as a carpender who has been in business for almost 20 years switching over to quickbooks this year has allowed a much more efficient process. the phone app has changed the speed at which i can respond to customers.
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
good app. good app, lacking functionality but this will improve in time.
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
so easy. thank fou for this easy and convenient app to keep our business streamlined!
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
2016 update is a headache. great software. real time accounting is brilliant. app update requires repeated login and no fingerprint login which is a huge step backward!!!
great fing app!!. i love this app, everything syncs over so well from the web version. it's very simple to use and makes my job a hell of a lot easier!!
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
excellent piece of kit. i've held back from making a review as the requests for a review before really using an app seems pointless. i have now used quickbooks for around five months and to be honest i now could not imagine working without it. it is easy to use, clear and without doubt a high quality product. first class and highly recommended.
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
not that great. was pretty good before the last update. new update is terrible, would be happy to speak with the suits upstairs. unable to fix this. makes it very frustrating. please fix this, straight away.
awesome. this app is so good i'm so glad i have it i would be lost with out it
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
expenses. you cannot cost expenses to a particular job or client
cannot drill down for info. why bother making an app if you can't drill down for information? i am able to have full functionality with our hosted data base, so why can't intuit make this happen? i love intuit's products, so this is most disappointing.
it just works. see above. in the office, on the site. wherever. i have used a broad range of applications over the last 20 years in business and quickbooks is the simplest, functional piece of software for our consultancy business i have found. happy to recommend it to other small business owners who want to spend time in their profession and and not on the books.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
missing functionality. reliable app but authentication is too slow. also some features aren't available. i sometimes just use the web app through the browser to access those features.
easy to use. a very easy to use software that is cloud based with a great phone app. i’ve been using this for some time now and it evolves every year. most for the best. a helpful help call centre should you have any problems. 4 stars as i don't believe you can back this up
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
too slow. too slow, freezes, doesn't show if the email has been sent and other things... quick sale is way better.
always improving. qbo isn't perfect but it is always improving. this week's update included features for accountants to track their client's pending work, communicate questions and request documents. this is good stuff!
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
crash instantly on iphone 5. this app crashes instantly and doesn't operate on my iphone 5 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work. why don't you guys fix this?
worthy app, very user friendly !!. personally this app is unbelievable. it dose pretty much everything. however, it would be even better if you could set up folders in a name customer by you. second, it would be even better if you could access certain command requests without it buggingout. so far that has only happened once. otherwise it would have got five star.
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
entering bills?????. why have intuit decided not to support bill entering on this app?!? it great i can import my paper receipts using the camera, but whats the point if i can't enter as a bill only an expense?!?
great functions, easy to use. really great invoicing system. great way of keeping incomeexpense records to be able to do your own accounting. can be frustrating when trying to login on the computer sometimes requires an sms to log in even though it's from home computer.
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
qb has revolutionized business accounting. i have been using qb online since 2011 and can honestly say that it has delivered an exceptionally easy and effortless business accounting solution. one touch payroll and the ease of ap and ar management is awesome. i do all the accounting for my startup and i rely on qb to make it all possible. qb is continuously improving both the desktop and mobile apps to make my life easier. thanks doyle heisler founder wanamaker corp
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
worst app ever ! not reliable. been using qb for may years, the last few years have been tough for them. we use our mobile app constantly, but it has many issues. it constantly crashes and some day it just won't open. not acceptable. we have taken to customers service many times, but the problems still persist. i get it growing pains right ? is just too much. we are looking for an alternative software like cero. sad but qb get 1 star .
mgrm. great app
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
ok but frustrating. doesn't do as much as online version. lots of error messages when downloading bank data. poor customer service, not responsive when errors flagged.
great product!. importing my company file from desktop to qbo was a breeze. love the interface, ease of use, and having access to qb anywhere i go.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
impossible to print packing slip from app?. i would give quickbooks a 5 if it wasn’t so dang hard to print a packing slip from my phone either through the app or quickbooks online. ugh.
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
needs features. app seems to get bug fixes but vary rarely does it get new features. as a mobile professional i would like to have the same features in the app as on the computer. currently investigating other more powerful mobile options vs quick books update: can't even enter expenses with the app only a pc! in the usa they can enter expenses with the app.... wish i could deduct an extra star just for that.
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
basic app. app functions are extremely limited, and i can't use qb web on any browser on ios devices (ipadipad pro 12.9iphone 7plus) as all browsers including safari, chrome and dolphin run in zoomed mode when want to enter invoice, payments, receipts and bills or even check reports and make unusable.
couldn't do without it. the qb on line version has really simplified our operations. the ability to have multiple users from different locations, especially remote access, has made life easier. either using a laptop or my ipad is great when out of the office. the only thing i've found that the app does not allow me to do is prepare a purchase order. but, there seem to be periodic updates so hopefully this will be coming soon. i would recommend qb to any small business.
works well. app is adequate. performs most functions that i need on the quick. would like more report options. biggest complaint is the need to continuously enter account and password. i have enabled touch id. only about 25% does the app actually use touch id. rest forced to enter password.
don’t bother if you don’t have an accounting degree. this app is terrible. it doesn’t allow me to do anything that i need to day to day and then i have to go back at the end of the month and redo almost everything i have done for the month. waste of money and time. an excel spreadsheet is more accurate.
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
unreliable. seems to have several issues when using apple products. macipad or phone.
amazing in app and on line. the perfect accounting platform. easy to use, fast and simple.
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
ipad pro fault. the app keeps crashing on the ipad pro not a happy customer !
coowner. the best app ever made for small business owners!
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus!
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
bad update. befoe you used to record bank feed but no more! this update ruined the quickbooks app
quickbooks made simple. though i'm still not totally familiar with qb in general the app definitely makes it much easier and convenient to use and track accounts activity etc.
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
ui design issues. a lot of navigation buttons use white text on a light grey background, making them almost impossible to see. this makes navigation through the app very difficult.
valuable tool to have in the field. i installed the app, imported company files from my desktop and boom i was doing estimates and invoices in the field.
insecure data. though all the great features are available on quickbooks online, company using it are high insecure because any one gets access to the user name and password maliciously could steal the firms data. i could have given it four stars if it had security features like vpn.
cody. no reports. no p&l. can not work with downloaded transactions, which for me is critical. looks good, but is not really useful if your trying to get work done. maybe it will get better!
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
register showing wrong date. the register still shows the wrong dates. if i process a transaction on a tuesday, the register will show the transaction was processed on monday. when i click into the transaction, the correct date is reflected, but it still very annoying.
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
switching between account requires logout and login. so annoying, especially since there is no support for touch id. why can't you let us switch from within the app?
making our life much easier. this has made running 2 small companies so much easier. the product was recommended by our accountant and has made our accounting faster, simpler and hassle free. highly recommended.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
new update has me locked out. automatic update to my software today. now i can access my account. fix it now! i am paying way too much to not be able to access my account!
thumbs up for the business help!!!. take the time to go through the tutorials and this is an amazing app to help with any small business!!!
muito bom. pode melhorar, ainda tem muitos bugs e erros do nada. mas o principal, deveria ter opção de compartilhar e orçamento por whatsapp, visto que apenas 1% dos clientes atuías requerem email, isso inclui empresas.
i seriously hate qb online & the app. coming from qb for mac, the learning curve has been awful. so many things that should be intuitive aren't, and too many, seemingly little, functions don't exist in these versions, which makes my job so much harder. i wish i could switch software, but it's what my cpa uses, so i have to use it too  ugh!
simple and good. easy to use. user friendly.
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
works but needs work. for the most part the product works, but has many errors and sometimes says there are errors but they are never fixed, i run the lasted ios on an iphone 6 and still have many problems
quickbooks a real sage beater!. having been a sage customer for over 15 years i wish i had discovered quick books sooner, why did i spend all that money on yearly updates when i didn’t need too. i absolutely would recommend quickbooks to everyone and i do! thanks for a great product guys 👍🏻
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
phone app fail. what ever opinion you have of qbo ... the phone app fails. it will not let you see the estimates and invoices for a customer. they exist, in your system but they do not show up in the app. everything else.... any other feature discussion... it's all irrelevant. if you can't view basic customer info, the app fails.
easy!!!. quickbooks makes running your own business easy! user friendly!
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
useless. invoices won't save please fix
love the app. it is amazing to see how well the app learn how to categorize expense! the design and ui are also amazing!
issues with addresses being in window of envelope. i used to be able to print off invoices and mail them to customers by folding in thirds. now i have to fold a special way to get the address to appear in the windows of the envelope.
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
excelente aplicación. muy completa, fácil de usar.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
login will not allow me to paste my password. i use quickbooks online, so i use a very strong password that is stored in an app (1password). it would be extremely annoying to hand type a 25 character random password into this app. and i'm unwilling to compromise my security for my online financial data. therefore this app is totally useless to me.
mileage tracker. any chance you can put a mileage tracker on this app? other wise it's perfect for small business
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone. my only gripe with the app and it's operations is that not all of my customer emails that are sent are being received by my customers. i have highlighted this to quickbooks and they were extremely unhelpful in assisting with rectifying this matter, which i found extremely disappointed given this is a paid subscription service, and not a free service.
easy plain and simple. simple to use but a bit plain on the app web version is great well done this enables business owners who are not accountants to watch and manage there business with ease i now only pay a accountant to check over at the end instead of paying them £250+ per month !
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
horrible app.. when the app is down more than few times a month, it's not convenient especially when you have to hand write the invoice and than redo on qb later on , it's frustrating when this becomes an every week story.
love it!. works as it was expected. i don't see where the one and two star reviews come from. maybe user error, works great for me! love it.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
extremely limited, useless. inability to enter time activity which is basic functionality that’s extremely useful on mobile.
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
what's happened?!. usually excellent for uploading expenses it's now decided not to communicate with my online account. i can see all my expenses in the app but not online. so now, do i do it all again online? scan every receipt individually? or do i wait until it perhaps decides to work? i really don't want to then have to remove everything if it doubles up! pls fix :(
great app!!. accounting made easy, great interface and easy to use. highly recommended.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
ipad app keeps me up to date. i appreciate very much how handy the ipad app is for quickbooks online. it continues to add new & helpful features. the one i’m most happy about lately is being able to successfully “match” downloaded bank transactions. this keeps me connected to my actual cash flow without needing to have a bulkier electronic device with me. i travel a lot and being able to work with the qb online app is key to keeping my business successful.
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
just what i needed. i run a small contractor business doing remodel work. the mobile app has been a godsend. i can track all my estimates, invoices & expenses in one place. helps me track clients that are late payers too (which sometimes happens). i like it. 100% worth the subscription
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
saving expense takes forever... didn't used to!. when you save an expense with an attached photoreceipt, the beach ball spins for so long, i simply can't use the app. i wind up entering all my expenses at the end of the month on my computer. i wind up having to manually kill the process, then go back in and see what didn't save, i.e. the receipt. fix this!
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
errors. why you never check your app before you launch it online so many errors no touch id when signing no latest activities update receive payment not working and this just 5 min of use
couldn't run my small biz without qb. have used for 4 years. always learning new things. have a great customer service  support. very user friendly for us biz owners who don't have a background in billing  payroll.
too expensive. would give it 5 stars if it was cheaper $20 for just invoices give me a break
what a joke. downloaded this app so i could pay employees and taxes on time without having to be at my computer and i can't do either, i have to be in front of my computer to do both. i don't understand why it's not allowed on mobile app.
glad i got it. i got this app when my computer crashed and it was the best thing that happened to my small business
valerieh. works great! they should combine all features of quickbooks. too many separate parts or features of quickbooks that customers are being charged for
crashes. it crashes upon opening on iphone 4s now
great app. great mobile app. only gripe is i wish they would integrate bill pay. other than that, solid app.
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
you can do better, intuit. this app has a lot of promise: utilize the power of an ipadpro and really speed up routine accounting functions on qbo. in reality, the app is glitchy, limited in ways it shouldn’t be, and effectively too flawed to use. i’ve been disappointed before by intuit, but this failure is inexplicable.
this makes business owner life that much easier. i love this app, intuit is the best period. i also have mint app but this is easier for me as a business owner as weird as it may sound
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
ios13. can you fix the app?
very mobile. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
new update has stopped my app from working!!!. since the update i now can’t accept anything or change anything!!! the only thing i can do it add the expenses!!!! sort it out please!!!!!
amazing, powerfull and simple. switched from sageone and wow, for the same price i get a much better mobile app, that actually do more, and is very simple to use. and the last update made it even better with the overall view.
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
overall but problems. overall works well for small business. a lot of problems with checking account and credit card connections. one i am still going to have to sort through to make sure transactions weren't missed, as it only loads back 90 days. and you get no notification if an account suddenly disconnects. its a mess but customer service is good and they work with you well.
very handy little app. as said in other reviews it is a little different from the computer version but it is such an easy way for me to do my invoices on the go! it's all set to go and it tracks all of my invoices and sends me reminds of unpaid one too! great little helper!
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
crap!. can't create an invoice in the app that has cis? really? why not? so i can't do my invoices on the go?! rubbish app rubbish system! use another programme!
very mobile. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
glitchy as hell. once you figure out how to work around a glitch, another one comes up and makes you insane. they don't really seem to fix things in a timely fashion. too bad, they could dominate the market if they cared about their products being as great as their potential is.
good start. qbo app is a good start, great for on the go invoicing, estimates and receipts. paperless ... i use to have customers sign a paper copy invoice on delivery of products, now i can have them sign on my ipad or phone. negative reviews saying it is too basic and simple. i don't believe any app is made to be full functioning of its base online application.
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
great cloud based platform with all the features i need.. qb online is a phenomenal cloud based accounting platform (when using apple products). quick easy invoicing, banking, payroll, and report generation for the business owner on the go. seamless integration from mobile device to desktop with realtime updates and editing across all users. this platform slow me to run my $1.5 mil small business from my bed, boat, camper...virtually anywhere i have cellular signal. it allows me to be as mobile as i wish.
suscripción suspendida! ya pague! pero sigue suspendida ayuda. ayuda ! esta suspendida y no puedo facturar
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
great so far!. i am really glad we went with quickbooks online, as i love this app! being able to pull up any and all financial information as well as build and email estimates and invoices on the go is crucial to our business! thank you intuit!
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
pres. good product except for email. if you email invoice and customer does not receive because of their sever being down, you never get notified. this can be a real problem because you do not find out until the customer is past due on the invoice..
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
too expensive. would give it 5 stars if it was cheaper $20 for just invoices give me a break
crashes with ios 13. just a heads up. when you try to take a picture of a receipt to upload to the account, the app freezes up and you can’t continue on. restarting the app doesn’t work either.
pretty good!!. just started my business and so far liking what i’m seeing. the app is pretty neat.
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
best business app. very quick, no bugs or errors. love it!!!
chrashing in estimates. the app is great, only hiccup is that it restarts as soon as i go into opening a new estimate
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
new app is great!. the new app is super user friendly and versatile. it’s easier to use quickbooks from my phone than it is from my pc now. vast improvement over the previous versions.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
poor experience. the app is extremely buggy, unstable, and very slow. logging into the app is unpredictable and i'm randomly logged out. entering receipts is quite painful to say the least, and is impossible without a decent internet connection.
almost. the new updates are awesome. i love how simple it is to use. just wish i could text my invoices.
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
problems. what my bookkeeper is finding is payments being applied to the wrong invoices. it’s really messed things up. from the checks being deposited from my bank. also, for some reason my quickbooks is duplicating invoices. i will have to erase the app and download again.
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
doesn’t keep track of suppliers. this app works fine as long as you only want to send novices. unfortunately it doesn’t tell what you owe your suppliers and allow you to pay their bills, so while you are running around invoicing clients the suppliers will be sending the bailiffs round to your office.
easy to use.. this app is very straight forward. i hope there are more upgrades in the future.
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
limited, buggy, slow... this a majorly limited version of quickbooks online. you really can't do much with it. it also crashes often and is extremely, painstakingly slow. but so is qb online for that matter.
good invoices. it has good looking invoices and invoice tracking. hopefully the new reports are more full featured. overall i like it
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
questionable developers and qa. don’t bother with this app. more time updating this weekly with version changes and bug fixes... jokers
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
simple things just don’t work in this app.. now i can’t copy my password from my password safe into the quickbooks login. this means i will have to use a simple easy to use and less secure password. also, there is no way to enter check numbers into the bank transactions. this works fine on a mac and online but not in the ipad app. these simple problems make the ipad app almost useless.
great app for business.. a ++ must have app
too expensive. would give it 5 stars if it was cheaper $20 for just invoices give me a break
limited. desktop app for mac is brutal slow. mobile apps ok but limited graphic reports
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
mileage is a joke. i upgraded to this account from the self employed version and the mileage is a joke. i thought the self employed was horrible. it completely missed a whole day of travel and cut’s off trips in the middle of traveling. or cuts the trips starting and ending if it even records the visit.
freelance business functions like agency. this app is brilliant. i can check the status of invoices, p&l's, reference invoices, and client trends. best business app i have on my phone!
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
nothing adds up. when you run a business you want your numbers correct. i don't have time to troubleshoot why your software can't add a simple paypal balance and leaves transactions out. your fired!
great job!. now i know when an invoice has been emailed. very complete app! now we just need a bulk action.
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
easy & intuitive. plenty of available materials and support. plenty of support along the way.
happy. good feature and happy overall with functionality. app crashes more than i'd like it too and wish some of the custom entered cogs i've created appeared on the app when inputting new expenses.
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
owner. great app nothing more to be said. everything is so organized. i love it!!
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
absolutely terrible!!!!!. this app is garbage. funny that intuit is in their name because there is nothing intuitive about anything in this app at all. complete waste of time!!! complete garbage. just trying to set up the basic information about accounts that i use and tailor the app to my needs was excruciating. i can’t say enough about how bad this is!!!!!!
managing partner at green mesa capital, llc. a very useful app. i can do everything i want through this app. in addition, the app has features the browser does not have, like the expense receipt capture.
crashing after ios 9 update. app continues to crash after updating to ios 9. just after opening it crashes. this app has been an excellent tool to my business. looking forward to a quick bug fix.
great app but expensive. at $30month it’s expensive. now that they’re raising it to $40, i’m starting to question my choices..
wish i could charge cards on file. love the app, just wish i could input new customer's card information and charge the existing customer's cards on file when accepting payments so i could do my accounting from anywhere.
improve your customer service. the program it’s self is easy to use, but if you need to call the customer service you have to request it by logging on and emailtext or the other problem is they don’t speak english well. with increasing prices they should have great customer service just saying!
functionality bugs. app works pretty well but have noticed a lot of features do not work from time to time. the logo for instance does not allow me for the past few days to upload or make changes. then all of sudden it may work or process. other then that the app seems to work great and fast.
excellent. first time setting up a new business and first time i've used book keeping software. you can do so much with just this app  it's incredibly intuitive and so easy to use. stops me being afraid of the numbers side of my business and just lets me get on with work! absolute game changer. love it.
just fine for a small business. if you are looking to get up and running quickly, then this will do just fine. the subscription is a little on the high side compared to sage's offering, but sage is a lot more difficult to use.
app is lacking. while i really like the online version of quickbooks on the desktop, the online app is definitely lacking. i can't check my check register. no reports. just not useful without this.
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
qb. completely unusable since 6th september update. crashes all the time on latest ios please fix this.
owner. love this app work great.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
app is great, but.... it is incredibly annoying that i have to sign in with my password every time i open the app now. before the update, i could use a pin or touch id, which don't seem to be working. i contacted customer service twice and have heard nothing back.
very nice to use. great app
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
zero stars. it really surprises me that a big company like intuitquickbooks couldn’t come up with something that worked. the app is almost completely useless. i installed it, tried to do some basic stuff on it and couldn’t so i deleted it. please intuit you have to have someone that can build you a better app!!
great app. i’ve been using this app for about a week now so far it’s been great.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
waste of time. i paid for the app to get the discount, spent an afternoon inputting information and suddenly it wouldn’t save anything. logged out, rebooted, problem still existed. uninstalled app. on reinstall, the system didn’t recognize my login and i couldn’t access any of the work i input. apple has my $$$ though!
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
quickbooks slow and hard to work. hard to understand and work. cannot pay on invoices on phone but can on computer. system is slow. give me the old system any day
president. this is a great app to use wherever you are. it actually works better on my ipad better than my computer in my office. i completely recommend this app and quick books for any small business owner. love it!!!
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
complement to quickbooks online. this app is a complement to quickbooks online. this apple really work good for making estimates sending invoices and much more. i wish gopayment and quickbooks online were integrated or as one. other than that, great app.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
very unstable!. downloaded the new version but the app consistently crashes just after login. real shoddy development and testing by intuit.
does everything i need.. if i could see my outstanding bills on the dashboard, i would say it was perfect. but even though qb have chosen not to include this requested feature, i am still happy to recommend.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
easy, fast, convenient. love using this app! it is really easy to navigate and lets me do everything i need to very quickly. always in sync no matter which device i'm on.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
good but needs improvements. great app for small businesses, but should have a feature to customize invoice with a job location on the header not in a small custom field box, also would like to see a disclaimer format to add with invoice
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
app problems. okay!! so for like 2 years, your app will not configure with the desktop version and none of the email addresses get updated. so in my case, i had been sending invoices to the wrong person and couldn't figure out why i wasn't getting paid? fix this like it used to work 3 years ago
i love it!. works great! love the accessibility, i use the app to send invoices easily while i'm on the go and my clients can pay online, through the invoices i send them. definitely worth every penny!!
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
"awful!. there is no register or way to view only items in one account. only cleared items show up when you go to bank account ""in quickbooks"" item. no way to void checks. very poorly made for such an expensive program!!!"
great app... works amazingly well.
james. love it!! we run our business on this,,
very limited. i like quickbooks, but the ipad application is very limited on its ability to work compared to the website and the desktop application they offer. it needs a lot of improvement since the ipad can handle the workload.
new to app. am enjoying being able to automatically list expenses & add receipts as i go. other apps promised this but kept crashing. i feel that i can now better control my finances.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
"mostly useful. i like having access to my business via my smartphone, however not all features are available (reports) and some calculations don't seem to work properly. after adding payment for clients, the invoices entered afterward are not automatically attached to said payment  even though the overall balance on the account is recalculated. the invoices sit and show as ""unpaid"" even though the account balance is at zero."
smallbusiness rocket!. great app. this is making my small business very productive. especially since the account is device agnostic. i can use it on my device or login online and be just as efficient.
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
very impressed!!!. this is well worth it. we are more on top of our books. it definitely has been a time saver and we love the pay bills from a click option. i really like the alerts to my overdue invoices too.
presently surprised. i really did not want to move away from the desktop version i purchased, back when that was a thing. however, i am really enjoying being able to create invoices, collect payments, etc. while on the go. so i suppose i will get used to this payasyougo thing ;)
buggy. since updating to the latest version i can’t view invoices from the home screen or even update and send invoices from the invoices screen. hire some competent engineers.
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
great app but signs you out a lot. this is a great app and it works almost perfect but there's one really annoying issue. the app signed you out a lot and doesn't give you the option of entering back in with touch id but rather having to annoyingly enter your password. please fix this as touch id makes life so much more convenient rather than entering your password. doesn't always happen but more often than it should.
discussed. app would not download after several tries.
great app.. great app
james. love it!! we run our business on this,,
just started with it.. can i attach a file to an invoice that i create with the app? i don’t see the option and we need to be able to do this or this appprogram won’t work for us.
great. efficient. user friendly.. really enjoying having this app option for my business. absolutely loving quickbooks intuit online!! really like it can upload photos of receipts. my only suggestion would be to allow photos to be upload to an itemized bill. thank you.
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
not detailed enough. if they're going to let you invoice from the ipad, you should be able to enterchange and see all the fields that you can from a desktop the way you have set up your invoice format. i travel often and need to invoice from the road but can't send invoices the way they need to look  can't change ship to, can't use personalized fields. very disappointed in this app.
good program. been using this software for about 6 months now and find it very useful as a sole trader it works for me i can pick up my phone and write an invoice straight away.
sparkyreviews. i used to use invoice2go but fed up of how complicated and expensive it became, quickbooks allows for easy invoicing and estimating from home or on site, also allows me to review incomings and outgoings to my bank easily, giving me more spare time, and saving me money as i don’t need my book keeper anymore! could not be happier with this product!
poor banking interface. really poor app when it comes to banking and customer invoices.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
needs work!. not very user friendly... makes me download my companies data every time i login and takes forever and sometimes crashes while downloading it so have to restart the download again. qbo is great but they really need to work on the app cause i could really use it when on the road. but incapable due to its functionality at the moment.
helpful app. massively scaled down from the quickbooks online browser version. but it is not intended to be a full service app. it gives a good, quick, and simple snapshot of your business on the go. it also is easy to add expenses and take pictures of receipts from within the app itself. i find it helpful on the go. worth downloading for sure
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
doesn’t work with ios13. just updated ios 13 app doesn’t load. even after deleting and readding.
loving it!. very simple and user friendly.
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
boo. keeps crashing at login.
great app. works very well with the ipad. allows you to make invoices and notes on the go. much better being cloud based than pc based. it costs more but it definitely worth it when it comes to the convenience.
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
they do not fix bugs at all.. constant new annoying bugs that have been around for years now. i have written multiple times to help make them aware, now i have been writing complaints and still no fixes. am literally logging into the app every single time i open it. i have to use this app for my work. no choice. but if you have a choice then you should choose literally any other app. this company is terrible.
good app with a few issues. easy to use. easy to enter receipt into it. switching between companies is s pain you must log in and out to do that. overall a useful tool.
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
great way to punish your workers. yeah, a client uses this and when he sent me a 1099 it took 30 minutes of creating an account, retrieving passwords, recreating passwords, etc just to look a file that was supposed to be mailed weeks ago. terrible system trying to force the people you work with into accounts and products to access forms that are legally required. please use other software and services that care more about their user experience.
suits me. so easy to use, perfect for my tiny business. don't need accounting skills the workflow has been designed very well and support is great.
qbo user. can't say i'm impressed. sure, it has your company info in it. but the most important functionality for a mobile user is time tracking. but there is no way to enter time on the run, in this app, that i can see.
even worse after last update. didn't think the time loading could get any worse. i was wrong. ap is pretty much useless while with a customer. everything takes forever to load. need to sign in every. single. time. then you click out of the ap and right back in and it makes you use the touch id. super sucky. i very much dislike, yet i need to use it everyday. ugggggggg.
perfect for construction guys. i'm always running from job to job and the mobility to give estimates and invoice is on the spot is priceless... plus the customizable terms for each buildercustomer with the added alerts helps me stay on top of receivables
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
app doesn’t get updated with the website!. this is most ridiculous app! it doesn’t get updated with the website! they charge you $40.00 per month with no resolution in the near future.
very useful app. very useful app, works like a charm
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
less than useless. this app does not interface enough of the information from the desktop version. reports are raw numbers and can’t pull up any supporting information. p&l is worthless. the desktop version seems to miss the point of accounting software. ie making all your information easy to input then easy to analyze in reports. this does neither. qbpro etc was far easier to navigate without the slick graphics and colors. aaaaaargh!
great app!. an awesome compliment to the web version. addition of balance sheet would be beneficial. cheers!
just fine for a small business. if you are looking to get up and running quickly, then this will do just fine. the subscription is a little on the high side compared to sage's offering, but sage is a lot more difficult to use.
lacks key non profit capability. some of the key capability of the desktop version are missing in the online version  most notably being able to add customer address info to sales receipts reports. for a non profit that has to acknowledge donations this is a huge missing piece.
love it. huge time saver to photo and input expenses. i can't imagine my life without it.
muito bom. pode melhorar, ainda tem muitos bugs e erros do nada. mas o principal, deveria ter opção de compartilhar e orçamento por whatsapp, visto que apenas 1% dos clientes atuías requerem email, isso inclui empresas.
cost. does this app cost anything, i am a small business, i haven’t made a profit yet, and don’t have much money, any help?
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
employees?. i can access my payroll and employees online, but not on the app.. am i missing something?
mr.. brilliant program, cost efficient and very accessible.
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
can't save invoices. love the app but after the latest update, i am no longer able to save invoices. most of my business is done through the mobile app, so this is a vital component. please remedy as soon as possible. thanks.
so much effort!!. downloaded this to try and make my life easier but setting it up is so much hassle!! can't add my bank account for some reason though i believe i'm typing the right details in  zero replies to my emails for help and whenever i've called for help i end up speaking to someone who obviously has no clue about the app for 30 mins  why is it so difficult?! don't bother.
brilliant!!!!. works like a dream with qb online. i can finish a job and then send the invoice from my phone (whilst sitting at home drinking a cuppa!). can you set up notifications for when an invoice is viewed by the customer?
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
limited functionality. can't do a bunch of stuff on the app. largely useless. editing invoices is a nightmare.
quicken easy. easy to use great mobile app which meets my company needs very well.
very useful!. this app is very useful for my small internet cafe business. i can track anytime my sales and expenses. reports are generated realtime, no need to wait for your accountant. the app needs to improve the touch id system because it requires you to input the password after you have closed the app.
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
awesome app. feature rich and also user friendly
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
i am truly loving this app. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
presently surprised. i really did not want to move away from the desktop version i purchased, back when that was a thing. however, i am really enjoying being able to create invoices, collect payments, etc. while on the go. so i suppose i will get used to this payasyougo thing ;)
what's happened?!. usually excellent for uploading expenses it's now decided not to communicate with my online account. i can see all my expenses in the app but not online. so now, do i do it all again online? scan every receipt individually? or do i wait until it perhaps decides to work? i really don't want to then have to remove everything if it doubles up! pls fix :(
saves so much time. i got this app to help save time and it does. it took awhile to set up and i have had to phone for help a few times and they have been fab. i can send invoices and receipts form my phone. i am able to keep up to date on my accounts without the effort.
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
quickbooks . . . not so quick.. would like company info on the invoices to be able to email or snail mail them. would also like to be able to change some of the categories in the invoices. not very user friendly.
brilliant mobile app. it has changed my life . i am able to do quotes in the run and save so much valuable time .
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
great but.... most things work but bank account updates sometimes allocates funds to wrong invoices meaning you have to double check. also, petty cash reconciliation can be hit and miss. other than that, a big asset to my business. would be 5 stars, but for the above.
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
update killed app for me!. used to love this app as i’m a paid subscriber, but the recent update doesn’t launch anymore. i’ve tried removing and reinstalling same result. iphone x.
works well. good app
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
should have been ready for io13. i waited patiently while running the io13 beta & this app not working. but now that the official io13 public release is available i have to give this 1 star, 0 if i could. the app just crashes!! quickbooks, you should have had your app ready way before this public release.
great app. i wasn't sure how much i would use this app, but the ability to check status of accounts and stay on top of basic needs while out dealing with clients has me sold. could have more functions but i'm not sure it needs to.
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
outdated. the iphone app is way better and has more features including hours and quantity in invoicing. this app really needs updating
des. easy to use on the go. only thing missing for me and my regular customers is a statement facility for end of month to total everything up.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
great app. thanks for the update. touch id works now and i'm not getting asked for my password all the time. would like to be able to enter my time though!
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
i can’t do payroll from the app. it works great and is much improved from the original versions but i do not have a desktoplaptop pc........ only ipads and android phones and the apps limits my access way to much i currently use the chrome browser but it’s horrible only part of the screen is visible on the ipad some save buttons can not be accessed thanks for your help
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
totally lacking. i am a power user and the online version is limited when it come to employee classification.
best small business app!. awesome app! very helpful
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
organized. been in business for 20 years and been using this app for a year. love it. still lots beyond my abilities and i wish there was a little more help in the app for the accounting inept like me but i just bring the app to my accountant and they can pull all the data needed. recommend it. see sales, cost, accounts receivable at any given moment.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
please fix this asap!!!!. this update is horrible and does not work properly at all! data doesn't refresh and i keep getting error messages. the only (very temporary) fix is to delete the app and redownload it  daily! lame! this must be addressed immediately.
mobile office. app works wonderfully makes life easy on the go for mobile office. keep up the good work!!!
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing i can't create and send my invoice please fix asap
nathalie dodon maquilleuse pigistefreelance makeup artist. j’adore cet app pour me facilité la vie! géniale pour les pigistes ou travailleurs autonome. par contre on peut pas faire certaine correction avec l’app sur le cellulaire... il faudrait trouver une façon pour ne pas utilisé un ordinateur.
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
"confusing and cluttered app. i love that nearly all of the features in the desktop app are here in the mobile app. however the interface, especially the home page, is confusing and cluttered. ""company activity"" is a bit useless as the default page. show me the charts of paidunpaid invoices. i think the developers are tasked with including every single feature and that clouds their design judgement. it's not an easy ask but let's make this app more mobile friendly."
excellent software. best products, excellent customer service, can't imagine how i would manage without it. thanks quickbooks!!!
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
still no progress invoicing!. great app for running a business on the road. i wish it had progressive invoicing...
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
muito bom,. mas até hoje não arrumaram a descrição cnpj no orçamento que está aparecendo gov.uid no meu e poderiam acrescentar a opção de digitalizar documentos no observações e anexos já que a ferramenta já existe no despesas. entrei em contato com o suporte várias vezes e até hoje nada... está em aberto a questão do cnpj que vocês não entenderam, ve aí com o suporte e me da uma resposta então.
great business program. great program and user friendly! dont like that get charged everytime payments recieved online it becomes very costly as it adds up think this is wrong and hard enough on a business owner but overall best program to run small business or any business
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
great mobile app. this app is perfect for my business. i'm out of the office majority of the day so being able to send or create estimates and invoices is very nice. quick and easy
excelente app. melhor sistema e app de controle financeiro que já usei. infelizmente vou ter que mudar de sistema porque agora estou precisando controlar estoques em vários depósitos diferentes e ele ainda não faz isto.
fix the problem. good app, but fix unicode problem!!! if you are using russian language in the app, making an invoice after you send it to the client or just previewing it  if your invoice in russian than all you can see is ?????? ??? ????? it's definitely unicode problem!!!
excellent customer support.. features wise need lot of improvement. still giving four stars because of excellent customer support.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
mobile app. you cannot check your inventory or edit invoices from the mobile app.
qbo for iphone is amazing!!. i give it 5 stars and i love it. i have to say i am hoping they offer the ability to generate & email purchase orders from the app  then it will be complete!
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
not good support. the app is ok, but if you require support, it is not there.
needs payroll and transfer capability. would be nice if you could do payroll and be able to do transfers for paying your visa
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
touchid barely works. this is a slightly less clunky way of entering new invoices, etc than using the quickbooks website on a phone. but the touchid function barely works. at best, once enabled, it remembers the setting for three or four logins, but then asks for the password again. very poor.
brilliant app. i have tried a few other invoicing and book keeping apps and had a lot of problems with them. i have been using quick books for nearly a year now, and it's easy, professional and complete. i am very happy with it, and recommend it to everyone. thank you
plumbing company. good product, customertech service could use some more training.
last update killed this app. i can't even.... will wait for the next update g to then i can't use it.
amazing. i haven't seen smart accounting software like this 👍🏼
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
vendors and purchases. this app is near useless. while it provides some info for sales, there are no purchase orders from vendors viewable in this app. just use a browser in you phone.
great and very useful. don't leave home without it
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
no budget feature. i’m bummed out there is no budget feature. the user interface is very nice and user friendly. but no budgeting feature is a deal breaker for me.
quickbooks app. i like the app except i can’t seem to add accounts to the chart of accounts.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
doesn’t let you do self assessment tax. this app only does my business tax return, and whilst it doesn’t explicitly promise more, because it doesn’t let me do my self assessment (buy to let) it means i still need another app to do this. and an account on top. being such a major tax app, the fact it can’t deal with all my tax matters is a major fail.
streamlines my life. love the app. user friendly. will give it 5 stars when it has photo recognition of my receipts and auto populates data from the photo.
mohammed salman 6s. superb app all ledger's are in just my pocket my request is to app developer suppliers options suppliers balance
doesn’t work. i have an iphone 8 and all of a sudden this app stops working. i call quickbooks and they can’t fix it. they closed the case in one day. don’t walk away from this company, run away.
i like the app. quickbooks come with a handy app which is great. don't have to work only on desktop.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
nice but crashes. i like the app other than the fact that after a few minutes of work it crashes. it reliably crashes. helpfully they fix it soon, it's frustrating to have to log back in every time.
great app for independent contractors. qb helps me stay on top of my invoices and keeps me organized.
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
time tracking missing from app. i bill services by the hour and pay extra for the version of quickbooks that supports time tracking. was very disappointed to see this feature completely missing from the app. it’s such an obvious thing to have on the go. now i need to have a totally separate system to track time...
access. this app is great. it is so nice to be out in the field looking at a project and make an estimate right then and there while things are fresh in your mind. not to mention for the quick service call we are able to make our invoice right there and present it when we are complete with the work. aloha po'okela lawn service kailua, hawaii
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be. please fix back
great app. love this app. it makes running my business easier.
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
quickbooks mobile. can’t print mobile.... on a mobile app. still writing invoices and entering them later 2x the work and the price keeps going up.
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
like the app. i find the app to be very useful in the field. unfortunately since the latest update adding new customers seem to slow the app down and to a crawl. wish there was a way to get that bug fixed
it's broke :(. wonderful app, latest update has caused many issues, including signing in with fingerprint or app code. have to do a full sign in each time with email and loooooong password. hope they can fix soon! 😩😖😤
like the format. good app
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
quickbooks online. the app can be frustrating at times to use, not enough flexibility. can't make up its mind wether to ask me to sign in or use finger print login. need option to control where deposits go.
need options to customize invoices. please add more options to customize invoices. i need to add secondary contact information such as name, address and phone, along with the regular billing address. also, i would like to modify the invoice number. otherwise, this app is great for field use with my ipad+cellular. it has saved me tons of time compared with working on my laptop and quickbooks desktop.
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
billable expenses. new website and app are nice, except on ios cannot specify expense as billable....why? no clue.
best business app. i never write reviews but had to for quickbooks. absolutely love. couldn't run my business without it. have recommend it to everyone.
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
loved the app until banking disappeared. i mainly use my computer to do most of our accounting but loved having the app so i could accept banking transactions during short periods of downtime thereby keeping our bank balance up to date all the time. then today i went to catch up on accepting transactions and banking has totally disappeared from the menu. help! what happened? i deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail.
perfect for my accounting firm. love this app! it's perfect for my accounting firm to track our books and clients. i even like how it works with quickbooks online accountant. 5 stars for all.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
i really like it.. works great. easy to use. a business must have! (1) suggestion is being able to lock in and automatically applying sales tax to invoices. now we have to apply it manually for each item.
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
many tech issues  poor customer support. after weeks of connecting to my bank account and importing my transactions automatically, the app decided to stop doing that. customer service was not helpful. also the reporting capabilities and graphics are very limited.
quickly. quickbooks online is ready to use. i write invoices and email the customer a copy immediately. thanks quickbooks for being so easy to use.
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
lacking several important fixes. initially the app was incredible... unfortunately after an update on my ipad, the ability to email my invoices got much more difficult, no longer populates my contacts, have to manually enter every time, it doesn't store or remember emails. i get connection lost or you are not connected to the internet error messages constantly. spoken with customer care who said i should enter them manually.... really? thousands of email addresses, maybe you should fix your glitches!
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
online quickbooks. quickbooks online is so different from the regular quickbooks. it will require a new learning curve to use it. hard to print payroll checks and regular checks reliably. it is handy to have things online, but it looks like we are a few generations away from it working well.
lots of scope. i went to one line so i can update through the day rather than spending all evening doing paperwork. our broadband is very slow which is very annoying & qb2013 pro was far easier to use. i've only been using it for a few months & definitely found many advantages as well as some disappointments, but, it is being updated regularly. i'm optimistic that i & the program will improve
great app. very happy with the app so far. there is a couple thing that would be nice to be able to do from my i pad and not have to go to my computer hopefully in the next update they will.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
amazing. i haven't seen smart accounting software like this 👍🏼
like the app. i find the app to be very useful in the field. unfortunately since the latest update adding new customers seem to slow the app down and to a crawl. wish there was a way to get that bug fixed
ios 13 doesn’t work. keeps crashing in ios13 faceid log in  can u fix it please
great app. i am running a smal business llc for a tattoo parlor, great app for even simple tasks. definitely worth the money, and i wouldn't use anything else.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
not pleased. i put the qb online app on my new ipad thinking i wouldn't have to lug my laptop around the country anymore.... it does not have the functionality or settings i need. i cannot input bills from other contractors on the mobile app! they have a loooong way to go... it’s still clunky and like the cd desktop versions severely mentally disabled cousin. lame........
best app for small business. excellent
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
way too limited. i can’t even use the app to see if a bill was processed. it only allows you to view check or ach transactions and deposits. checks processed through bill pay don resigister as activity.
great app. it seems to work well! i would suggest it, you can easily go from a laptop to ipad to iphone...
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
good app. app does what it says it will do!
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
no security with ios 13.0 update.. nice to have the app working again .. too bad it opens without the required password. shoddy update.
good app. good app great for mobileroad sales. only wish i could view current in stock inventory qty in app and product item cost as well as retail price.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the ipad and iphone is useless.
the best software. is the best accounting software , is easy to use ,
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
quick books. not happy with the new update i have a vision problem and it makes it hard to see and read please change it
clean and wonderful app. we love qb for i pad.
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
great software all round. quickbooks is easy to use and manage. software and app work easily together. makes small businesses life simpler. love being able to use app to do expenses and invoicing on the go.
great, but not quite perfect!. i love quickbooks. there are a lot of features that really make running my business a lot easier. however, while i can put in negative amounts using my computer or phone, i cannot while on my ipad. some attorneys will split the bill, but i cannot deduct by using negative amounts to show the full amount minus the amount due by the other party. i also miss being able to customize the invoice like we could before the update.
we need an update for iphone x. we need an update for iphone x. in addition, we need the function to add cc recipient when sending out quotes or invoices. other than those 2 things, it is good.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go and how it syncs with quickbooks online.
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
basic business. although it does have obvious business needs covered. it doesn't offer the next step in organization. without the ability to create work orders, or track services performed. it remains a minuscule part of my daily business. it really doesn't have anything that separates itself from other simple invoicing programs or applications. it's cloud based convenience remains the reason for my usage.
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
poor experience. the app is extremely buggy, unstable, and very slow. logging into the app is unpredictable and i'm randomly logged out. entering receipts is quite painful to say the least, and is impossible without a decent internet connection.
great app. i love it! it keeps everything organized!
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
terrible. bank wont link and keeps failing, sending invoices and not getting paid as emails are not being received by clients i'm off to get invoice2go see how that goes i don't have this time for all this mess around
the best. this app is the best for my businnes, when i use him as a contractor is the best, because i never lost money or forget charge any work. i love it.
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
still needs some changes. multiple addresses for a company is still a drama as it changes all previous invoices and quotes. plus ipad app continually won't save edited quotes. have to use desktop version to edit invoices or quotes successfully. annoying!
awesome product for small business!!. unbelievably convenient! from my imac, to my tablet, to my phone i can access, enter payment, send an estimate, or invoice, etc and it’s all connected because i have online quickbooks. hint: go they intuit directly! itunes was charging me an extra $5 a month. $19.99 a month they intuit and worth every penny!! biggest time saver + unsurpassed professionalism to my customers and speed of connectivity!!
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
money grabber. quickbooks will offer subscription service. i paid for it because of the discount and then they didnt allow me to accept payments through their app. you have to assess the profile first before asking for payment.
great product. great for any small startup or established business. gives you the tools to keep up with the income and expenses for taxes. pay bills and payroll quickly and efficiently.
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
not suitable. not happy with this app and it won't let me cancel it! help!
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
bugs!. so many bugs with this! i just rated it before and it’s popped up again asking me to rate. and i could go into so much more, however i’m only using this until next year. it’s shocking. i have just sent 3 invoices, the clients have received them, but they are not showing up in the app.
absolutely great  speechless. i can't believe that qb has gone this forward in app. really impressed with the features specially reconciling bank through app. what a great feature. very efficient  100% from me.
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipadiphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
co owner. we opened a small furniture and decor store. we use quickbooks online with few problems, however the go payments part was terrible. on our opening day it couldn't process 5 credit card transactions and has been sporadic ever since. we bought a new i pad hoping the faster processor would help wrong.
garbage. quick books won’t upload garbage use and other accounting software.
a great improvement over the mac desktop version. it saves me tons of time that i used to spend recording payments, expenses and running reports. client payments are easily paid via credit card by the client and automatically applied to the invoice. it has simplified my accounting.
happy. good feature and happy overall with functionality. app crashes more than i'd like it too and wish some of the custom entered cogs i've created appeared on the app when inputting new expenses.
disaster to sign out. i happened to see this app and found it is interesting to scan invoices but turns to be that i have to be a “company” to use it and have to pay so much for it! so expensive!!!!!!
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
good for review but limited functionality. this is a subset of qb online functions good for quick checking on the business but not a working system much like the ipad version of word or powerpoint you get to do a bit but need the full version for the program to be useful
comments. there is no printing options for mobile printing. we have tu use other app, to print invoices. poor in reports not friendly to do invoices
very easy to use. the app works flawless. being able to sign in with biometrics, take photo of receipts and capture expenses quickly is one of the many great feature.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
app needs major work. the app is useless, i have to pull out my laptop or wait till i get to my home or office. i would love to use my ipad pro, that i carry everywhere but the app is literally useless!!! please fix asap
good app it works. only early days, moved from reckon hosted, so far seems to be the best move. wish i did it earlier.
not bad. categorising expenses has been incredibly time consuming to say the least. once you have your data in order you can start to make some decent reports but just getting over that initial hump is frustrating. shortening loadsave times along with better tabular data editing tools would make a big difference.
small business owner. app has shut down before i could save and i had to start over in the field. i had trouble accessing it in the beginning. it is not easy to add an address to the invoice edit option for the template...
great app. helps make my business more efficient. this is a great tool for small business owners who are on the go. making invoices, estimates and tracking expenses with my iphone helps make things much more efficient. i wish there was a way to track hst, and generate simple reports within the app. automatic text recognition would be an awesome feature as well.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
i'll join the others above  very disappointing. i really wanted qbo for my ipad, not a couple of utility features. why release this and just frustrate us more. if you can'twon't produce what we want at least let us access the website qbo on our ipads,
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
fix the app!!!. this app use to work great until the last update! please fix asap!
excellent accounting software. exactly meets my needs as an ecommerce professional. the reports are limited to pl and balance sheet, but that's is the heart of what you need. i've had it over 2 years now and love it.
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
zero stars new version is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
dig it!. i mainly use the app for looking at financials, but the invoicing, reporting, and such is great too.
prices keep going up. prices keep gong up. it has doubled since i started.
useless app. can’t issue a po, pull one up via search, properly send one, etc. core business function that they didn’t bother to include because intuit continues to have their head stuck in the sand.
easy to use. the quickbooks app is quick and easy to use.
co owner. we opened a small furniture and decor store. we use quickbooks online with few problems, however the go payments part was terrible. on our opening day it couldn't process 5 credit card transactions and has been sporadic ever since. we bought a new i pad hoping the faster processor would help wrong.
horrible customer service. product is a great product but the customer service is absolutely horrible!!! i was on holdon the phone with customer service just to be told to call back on monday.
love it. i am an accountant and this is the software i use and recommend to all of my customers.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
desktop to online user. qb desktop user who switched to qbo. really like the ability to use on all my computers and ios devices. just wish it would have easier reports to make and use. no time sheets feature in ios, tsheets by quickbooks fills that void.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
limited enough that i remote into a workstation from phone if i need qbo while.mobile. there you have it
exceptional. this is incredible intuitive software that keeps you completely up to date. it saves hours of time. this is very easy to use. highly recommend for every business owner.
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
crashes too much, stressful. doing accounting is difficult enough. why did quickbooks create an app that crashes and creates frustration then?! this is not my phone's problem, because i have the latest apple model.
great product. thanks to my accountant which recommended me to get this. highly recommends to anyone who is more small to medium businesses where we can invoice on the go
kevin morton. easy. not using any other software.
crashes constantly. i hate the mobile app so much. i will be talking with a customer and try to pull up their account and then it will freeze and crash. the worst.
time expense and mileage. great product. inconsistent functionality across desktop, iphone and ipad. for us professional service peeps can we have time expense and mileage please!
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
qbo and this app two thumbs down.. how does such a large company make such a crappy product. basic logical steps can’t be completed. you go to summit a improvement and tons of people have listed the same things and nothing ever gets fixed. the app jumps back and forth between web view and app view. support is horrible. you can’t even move different parts of the invoice or estimate around in the app. switching to zoho
marcela hayden. i don’t know how i would get buisness done with out quickbooks, and the app on the go makes it possible for my family to run our buisness and grow in success. thank you quickbooks
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
fmtt. i like quickbooks especially the app. however, reconciliation is difficult and confusing. also, matching. deposits and making sure deposits are made in quickbooks is so hard to figure out.
quickbooks mobile app. greatest addition to my business i ever made!
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
app will crash!. app will crash! be sure to save your work!
awesome service & tool. worth spending time and effort to set it up once. makes accounting really simple and reports provide valuable insights.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
not so good. it keeps hanging up with an error message not connected to the internet. not very useful for business.
very helpful business tool. small construction business, i can do all my basic bookkeeping at lunch hour with this app
great, when it works. app is great, seamless when it works. problem is, it's only about 75% of the time. lots of errors on the mobile and desktop versions. any complaints go unaddressed. if you can run your business on 75% proficiency with no accountability from quickbooks tech support, then this app is for you!!
i doesn’t work for personal finances. i have tried to get my personal finances but failed. this app is meant for business accounting only and there’s no way of using it work for personal accounting purposes. so, basically this is not the app for individual personal financial accounting. look somewhere else for it if you are looking for something similar to quicken.
great app, but!. this app has been great for my mobile business. invoices and estimates look really nice. like most mobile apps this one has many limitations. if you pay for an app you should get all the bells and whistles that you would get on a desktop or laptop computer. hence the word mobile!
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
great app. very user friendly. easy to edit and add customers.
nick name. works for mobile receipts, entering expenses is really nice as you can take a picture of the receipt. even has limited reports. i don't understand all the bad reviews. what do you want it to do? for hvac contractor like me, it works really good.
horrible. crashes every time. horrible customer service. move on to another app.
one thing missing.... this app is super convenient for managing our business on the go. but i can't see a way to create an iphone contact from within the customer details screen. if that feature was added this app would be perfect!!
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
does not connect to my bank. it connected to my bank (bank united) the first day and has not worked correctly since. i waited on hold for 25min and no help. was told i would receive an email with the solution...no email. not very happy with this product for my first week of using.
nice app. excellent app
excelente app. melhor sistema e app de controle financeiro que já usei. infelizmente vou ter que mudar de sistema porque agora estou precisando controlar estoques em vários depósitos diferentes e ele ainda não faz isto.
functions missing. works well enough but when receiving payments it doesn't allow you to pick the bank account. frequent problems with it locking up as well
excellent. wonderful tool  has improved use of foreign currency transactions.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
it's not your own accountant.... and it's not supposed to be. it does what i want and need it to do to help me run my small business. combined with qb online, pos and gopayment i'm easily managing things while on the go. thanks intuit!
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
ipad pro fault. the app keeps crashing on the ipad pro not a happy customer !
good app and makes life easier. it's a easy app to use and simple to navigate.
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
crashes since ios13. i can no longer open my quickbooks on my phone since the ios 13 update has been released.
love it. ian finally able to track my expenditures and income totally on the go. no more playing catch up! love that i have receipt images and that i can make notes that will refresh my memory on the exact thing i bought. just getting to putting my logo on invoices... i know that there is a lot mor that i can do with this program i am very much a beginner love what it does so far!!!!
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month.
good but needs more. i love this app and use it every day  it has taken me from doing my accounts once a year and being ridiculously late with invoicing, to on the spot invoicing and totally up to date with everything ... except receiving payments
plumbing company. good product, customertech service could use some more training.
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
great enhancements. i can now create or edit invoices and send them with preview to my tenants. fantastic upgrade.
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
not happy any longer!. having issues logging in every single time now, very frustrating and not happy at all. always asking for finger print, and when typing in my password, it takes about 5 attempts before it’ll login to my company info. also having a constant lag when trying to inputsubmit any items to customers. this is extremely upsetting when trying to submit invoices before a deadline.
excellent on the go apps  for small business. easy to navigate .
great app. only thing i don’t like is if you accidentally delete an invoice you can never get that invoice number back and it’s now been voided. that needs to be fixed so it can be adjusted or recovered. none the less it’s a great app. won’t ever connect my bank info none the less because that’s how you get audited for nothing.
good but not great. it needs to have form customization like the desktop version. intuit needs to realize existing customers are switching over for its convenience too. therefore, they cannot omit features that effect the end look of invoices and estimates. especially when the customization options are so limited as to even being able include additional images.
great application. very handy for revenue and business expenses.
entering in items.. when i enter in items if i forget something it won’t let me put an item that i missed between two items that have already written down i have to put it at the end. i want to enter in all my items and then pick the order of the items.
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
great app and fair prices. i do all my business through quick books and have had no major problems. the rates on credit transactions are equivalent to any other clearing house and at $30 a month to automate my process is a life saver. great simple to read reports too.
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
please fix it !. with ios13 the app is crashing all the time , for example when a i select a client immediately crash
excellent app for my business. works wonderfully!
qbo user. can't say i'm impressed. sure, it has your company info in it. but the most important functionality for a mobile user is time tracking. but there is no way to enter time on the run, in this app, that i can see.
zero stars 10.3 is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
i'm super impressed. i'm really impressed by this app for both iphone and ipad. i just started using quickbooks online and it was pretty cool to see that the app allows most of the same functionality as the online mac application. i haven't yet found a critical limitation, although i suspect there are some. moreover, with an online subscription, this app is free.
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
limited, not showing existing transactions. several actions are limited as compared to the web use. one supplier came up with an empty page, showing none of the existing transactions. completely empty. tried refreshing and restarting but no result. useless.
love quickbooks. this is the best accounting software there is. quickbooks makes my life so much easier and running my business is so much smoother with the available accounting options!
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
love the software. understanding that all software are more friendly on the actual computer than in the cell app, even though, the cell app is very helpful for invoices, estimates, reminders for payments “on the go” just to mention a couple of them. being an 8 years user from checkmark multiledger and payroll and making the transition to quickbooks is just a huge step forward and very efficient for my firm.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
"immediate session time out. immediately logs me out due to ""session time out"", rendering the app completely useless. 😒"
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
ipad app. please update your app to be more like the desktop version...i can not track inventory received through the ipad app i purchased and ipad pro hoping to do away with my laptop and so far its been seamless, except for this app not being able to track inventory received. i hope your developers can figure this out before my 8 year old laptop crashes! thanks
works fine for me. i'm not having any problems on my iphone or ipad. overall, it works very well. love the ability to snap pics of my expense receipts on the go. huge time saver and i don't forget! on another note, i do wish intuit would develop a mileage tracker.
okay app. the apps okay to keep you updated on overdue accounts and to see what has been paid.
stop downloading.. i have redone load company data every time i log on the app which can take hours, and essentially makes the apps convenience useless.
app. best app
could be better. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
qb app !!!. love the app ! now with the new update i can log in with touch id :))) how fan, and saving much time.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
crashes. it now crashes. tried several times. updated everything. looked at website  no help. very disappointed, we pay good money for this.
recommend for one stop booking & accounting. i tried many softwares for accounting , the only reason i choose this platform because of its graphics & designs , the dashboard itself give you a ray of positivity , they design the dashboard and entire platform graphics in future aspect. apart from it there customer service is also and helpful. cheers !! ashutosh
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
worth it but one thing. it's good. useful. worth it. wish i could generate an invoice where i can change the dates of service  can do it on the mac app and online, but not on my phone.
good by minor issues. works good in keeping up to date with customers and collections of money. sometimes has issues trying to log in.
clunky. will not keep me signed in, the thing is a nightmare
pretty good. i've been using qb for years to run my small auto repair business. the latest qbo and phone app are pretty good. like the interface. easy to use. only complaint is if i have no internet connection i'm dead in the water. being mobile is occasionally an issue.
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
annoying but useful. 1. there is no dashboard 2. have to reenter your password every couple of days 3. the only report you can view is p&l. no other reports are available (e.g. ageing, unpaid invoices, customer unpaid, etc.)
wonderful app.. wonderful app. makes my life so much easier. wish i would have signed up with qbo earlier.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
lacking. this app has potential, but it's lacking. especially the fact that you cannot make deposits on the mobile app, only on the desktop version.
i love it!. works great! love the accessibility, i use the app to send invoices easily while i'm on the go and my clients can pay online, through the invoices i send them. definitely worth every penny!!
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
seabreeze sealants. awesome app, makes running our business quick & easy in all aspects, we are able to stay in control of cash flow and invoices. highly recommend 👌🤙
suscripción suspendida! ya pague! pero sigue suspendida ayuda. ayuda ! esta suspendida y no puedo facturar
lacking several important fixes. initially the app was incredible... unfortunately after an update on my ipad, the ability to email my invoices got much more difficult, no longer populates my contacts, have to manually enter every time, it doesn't store or remember emails. i get connection lost or you are not connected to the internet error messages constantly. spoken with customer care who said i should enter them manually.... really? thousands of email addresses, maybe you should fix your glitches!
great app. great app
room for improvement. it’s a good app, with some good features, perfect for using on your phone. it would be nice, however, if the ipad version was more like the web version with more of the features available there. it’s frustrating having to switch between the two versions.
could be better. it's good for entering payments, that's about it. and even that is a stretch because half the time it shows invoices are unpaid in the app while the desktop accurately shows the same invoices as paid.
mr david prince. great app. i use it all the time on my phone and tablet.it works seamlessly with qbo. invoicing, receipts, checking my account, giving it to my bookeeper all easy and on the go. i couldn't do without it now.
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
stops working too often!. not a bad way to do your estimates in the field and send out invoices but your app stops working way too often for us company wide!!!
amazing but quite buggy. it's an amazing too but there are a lot of bugs. the application is working
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
app can’t find our data. we are days into this app not being able to access our data: accounting, banking, billing. access is only available through certain browsers on a laptopdesktop. the support team is friendly and wished me luck.
👍. very good app, i'm so happy with it!!
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
wow!. really cool app! it's linked on all my device! i can make invoices on my phone and send it to my clients directly from email! cool stuff!
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
permissions issues. i would rate 4 stars if the app permissions were accurate. whenever adding a note or signature to an invoice i'm informed i don't have permission to make that change, however i do have permission to make the changes and the changes are reflected in the invoiceestimate.
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
great for my simple business. i love quickbooks online and would give it 5 stars except i send many estimates, invoices and sales receipts by email and frequently they are not received and unless i follow up i do not know they were not received. when it is sent i need the satisfaction it will be received. again i love the program.
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
great product. i like this app. can use from just about anywhere
paie. il serait vraiment apprécié de pouvoir entrer le temps travailler pour nos employés.
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
"still have to use the old app. had to reinstall the old app cause i couldn't create new clients from my contacts with the ""new"" one. even deleted, reinstalled thinking i may have over look a pop up window. the old version still accesses my contact list so i'll use that one till the bitter end."
brilliant. excellent accounting software for new small business. only issue i have is that i bought a subscription online and the app keeps telling me to subscribe
quickbooks online. the app can be frustrating at times to use, not enough flexibility. can't make up its mind wether to ask me to sign in or use finger print login. need option to control where deposits go.
horrible. not even worth commenting on!
awesome. great app for the ipad. i hate complicated software a to tract my work. this ones the most user friendly app i've come across. great recommendation. 5*****'s
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
not pleased. for one i can't download the app after i accidentally deleted it. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
love it. love the app, really intuitive!!! and great customer service!!!
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
quickbooks mobile app crashes continuously, unusable. the quickbooks mobile app crashes continuously and is totally unusable in it’s current condition on ipad. frustrating and we are planning to switch accounting app companies, after years with quickbooks program. intuit seems unconcerned with fixing the problem that has been plaguing our recordkeeping for weeks now.
awesome app. quick books is really an awesome app. links up to accounts quickbooks payments. i can access from all my devices. it’s really versatile. you can make great estimates as well. emailed invoices and estimates look very professional.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
very limited!. i prepare weeks of invoices on my desktop for my 3 crews. unfortunately the online version rarely finds the invoices, and i end up having to go back to the old way of exporting pdf invoices. i feel like the desktop has so many flaws already, and the app is basically a worse version. i expect more from a legit company, but maybe i'm asking too much.
great for small business. it's a great app for small business. since it's a cloud solution, cheap and easy to access your finances from any where. need improvement to have detailed views and reporting for the management.
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
great until update. all good until the update. now inputting new customers or suppliers is very slow (that's probably an understatement). hopefully going to rectify this as i'm still paying every month.
love itrepeat user. i love quickbooks because of the ease of getting things done in accounting. i am by no means an accountant but this does everything for me and i just hand it to my accountant at the end of the year which makes it so easy.
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
could use improvements. really like this app! however, it won't even add my phone number or business address on my invoices, so i add it in the message section. qb creators, please test run every possible business need. i've already done business via this app, so i can't afford not to have it at full & complete capacity! please! make me love it! i want my partners to use it too!
top notch. easy to use and super convenient!
quickbooks on the go. i'm rating this so it will stop asking me in the app every time i open it.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
quickly. quickbooks online is ready to use. i write invoices and email the customer a copy immediately. thanks quickbooks for being so easy to use.
issues with addresses being in window of envelope. i used to be able to print off invoices and mail them to customers by folding in thirds. now i have to fold a special way to get the address to appear in the windows of the envelope.
errors. why you never check your app before you launch it online so many errors no touch id when signing no latest activities update receive payment not working and this just 5 min of use
completíssima!!!. recomendo a todos!!!
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
having trouble with the new update. it's not even saving my invoices so i can get paid!!!!
on the go. the app is excellent for anyone on the go.
sparkyreviews. i used to use invoice2go but fed up of how complicated and expensive it became, quickbooks allows for easy invoicing and estimating from home or on site, also allows me to review incomings and outgoings to my bank easily, giving me more spare time, and saving me money as i don’t need my book keeper anymore! could not be happier with this product!
newest update doesn’t load dashboard. dashboard and home button do nothing now. iphone 11 pro max. blank screen.
awesome software. i'm a creative and figures aren't my thing, and i find it a dream to use. i'm so glad my accountant recommended it. having your accounts in the cloud just makes the whole laborious process a snip!
great for my simple business. i love quickbooks online and would give it 5 stars except i send many estimates, invoices and sales receipts by email and frequently they are not received and unless i follow up i do not know they were not received. when it is sent i need the satisfaction it will be received. again i love the program.
nothing but disappointment. car tracking constantly shows that there is uncategorised trips when it is up to date. software won’t integrate with desktop version. 3 days before end of financial year quickbooks stops bank account updating inputs. then quickbooks support solution causes double entries. two week later accounts won’t update anymore again.
professional cleaning. quickbooks makes my company easy to run. the app is just the cherry on top.
banking. great app just the banking doesn’t always pull over on fist couple tries to load transactions
difficulty. bad program because of the difficulty in the secret code i offer to delete the program and i do not want to waste my time in it if the secret code is difficult
introduce me to accounting. i love the app, it's giving me a good idea on what accounting is about. i'm kinda looking forward to take this course in the fall :)
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
rubbish. ridiculously hard app! can't even edit or customize invoices with ease on computer. to difficult. better off with myob!!
great app and the best accountancy system so far.. i've tested many different products from competitors and quick books is the best so far. i've used online version first and then downloaded mac app which is quite fast to use. mobile app works seamlessly with both and its great business tool. i don't really understand other negative reviews and people having issues with software. please make sure you're using latest updated version of the app and your ios. thanks matt
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
not working on ios 13 :(. it crashes right after opening. i tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but have had no luck...
great to use.. great to use. would be nice to have a few more features on my iphone that i have while on a computer but still gets most tasks done very easily but it could be i haven't taken the time to really learn it! very easy to use and a lot like the desktop version
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
total crap. this app doesn't work. it shows numbers which doesn't make sense, you can't rely on it. i just go to safari web and login to my quick books account. please change it if you can.
great program. it handles almost everything a small business needs. best part is, it's very user friendly.
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
love the desktop version. the app needs work.. limited functionality. i can't even update the credit card i use to pay quickbooks in the app. tough to send invoices to clients
great app. there is no other app like it. this is probably one of the easiest apps to use and it is very userfriendly. i use it for my business and i have instant access on my iphone. you can send invoices on a moments notice.
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
poorest customer service i’ve ever experienced. wow quickbooks has done it again making key changes without customer notification changes leave me hanging with no ability to do business then phone calls to customer service are long waits. must be effecting a whole lot of customers just a simple email or cs agent phone call might help. but the changes for worse again. seriously poorest service ever!!
solid app. the app works well with the online service and gives access to the basics so while out of the office you can still stay up on your business. would like to see the ability to add and see bills through the app instead of only expenses.
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
can’t use it in iphone or ipad! keep getting error.. i keep getting an error! queryprocessingerror:null
nice and easy to use. i have try this app. as a startup owner, it is very good to generate estimate & invoice
great, but not quite perfect!. i love quickbooks. there are a lot of features that really make running my business a lot easier. however, while i can put in negative amounts using my computer or phone, i cannot while on my ipad. some attorneys will split the bill, but i cannot deduct by using negative amounts to show the full amount minus the amount due by the other party. i also miss being able to customize the invoice like we could before the update.
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
outstanding. very user friendly app. like nothing you have seen in accounting. the future is here.
so good. best account software available
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
"love the convenience. love the app, but please add an option for ""inclusive tax"". so easy to build and send invoices, post payments, create estimates, etc....."
great mobile app. mobile app has more functionality than online version. having the ability to take a note on a customer and add a photo. i only wish those notes were visible to the online version. currently they are not.
not all of the features of quickbooks online. it would be great if this app offered all of the features of quickbooks online but it doesn't. what it does do is give a one way look into your quickbooks file. i'll just login from a browser.
good application. very useful and handy app. thanks qb
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
annoying. i use this app on multiple decides and have to go through a 23 step security process everything i try to log in. which means switching back and forth from email to the app multiple times just to get logged in. appreciate the security but tend to not use the app because it's such a headache. also can't do things like make deposit tickets or print checks from app. very limited usefulness.
great app. overall its a great app. you can do many things from the app that you can do on the desktop version. i would like to be able to enter the worked hours on the app and also to be able register vendor invoices not only expenses.
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
quickbooks online on macbook. quickbooks online is constantly crashing while i'm creating my invoices. every time i enter a line entry i have to take the extra time to save it because the program will freeze up and i will have to force quit and restart the whole invoice over again. i rate it a 1 star only because i can't rate it any lower.
great app only downfall is.... i like the app the only downfall is if your an employee you can't track your hours on here like you can with the qb on a computer.. also you can't delete a payment if you see you already added it. if so idk how to do these things.
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
problems. the app have now problems i recommend to check that i was using the app for 3 years but now is a disaster
excellent program. i have tried office and unless you no the formulas it doesn’t work. absolutely love how easy this is!
great app but signs you out a lot. this is a great app and it works almost perfect but there's one really annoying issue. the app signed you out a lot and doesn't give you the option of entering back in with touch id but rather having to annoyingly enter your password. please fix this as touch id makes life so much more convenient rather than entering your password. doesn't always happen but more often than it should.
update ruined a great small business tool. quickbooks use to be an awesome tool to let us send invoices after a job is completed on the spot. it also allowed a user to edit payment information anywhere via the mobile app. this is now all gone thanks to the new update. if it is not fixed soon, we are looking into transferring our accounts to another system.
great program, an asset to my business!. great program and very versatile. would only like to make 1 request. please provide link for iphone users to copypaste invoice into text message. currently need to email myself and copypaste link. very cumbersome process thank you.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
horrible tech support. they couldn't even transfer my desktop file to quickbooks online. after one month they called me at 8pm to say it can't be done.
as a landscaper.... my office is the truck or tim hortins on the colder, wet days. easy to add services when we do on the fly for our clients. the reminder feature for myself is great and i send out a quick reminder to clients to pay.
a good assistant on the go. the phone app doesn't do as much as i'd like but i couldn't run my business without the software!
not good . the iphone version is so trimmed down its not usable i can't get a usable who owes me money so many things i'd say no
new update is amazing. incredibly user friendly with additions of dashboards
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
horrible. what a joke. all i want to do is be able to go to my online account. every time i try to do that it pops up to install this app. i did. now when i go in nothing looks the same or works the same. you would think i would be able to go online without this horrible app. i would give it zero stars if i could.
ease of use. being able to utilize the app on mobile has made billing my customers so much easier for my transport company. editing and immediately sending invoices for quick pay is a great option as well. i've been a quickbooks user for 20 years now and will likely not stop anytime soon.
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
it's a good basic app. i like the app and i really enjoy quickbooks online. i would like for the invoices to allow my clients to pay through paypal and to be able to scan receipts instead of manually entering the data. the app is fairly limited but it's good enough for a quick overview when you need it.
still needs improvement. there's still lots of room for improvement. one area to work on is having the mobile app work seamlessly with the laptop version of the app. i should be allowed to attach receipts to estimates & invoices in draft on the mobile app.
poor banking interface. really poor app when it comes to banking and customer invoices.
highly recommend for startups. qbo does everything that i need it to. it is a great dashboard to see where i am at, with the ability to add details to all of my transactions.
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
awful app, won't open. app was working fine until a few days ago. reinstalling doesn't fix it. app opens and a second later disappears. not good for people trying to do their accounts.
linking bank to quickbooks. still trying to link usaa with quickbooks. i think it's on the bank's end. until we get this issue resolved it's four stars.
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
google signin never works. i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google signin. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
love quickbooks  improvement always appreciated. i really live the ease of use of quickbooks. the desk top and mobile app are pretty clean. keep building off such a great product. the down side is that some transactions such as bundling downloaded client reimbursable expenses & linking to a single invoice are not intuitive.
sales. it would be nice if you could take the copy of a receipt prior to that posting on quickbooks to save it for when the actual download appears. if that could be perfected i would give it a five star
useless since update. the last update brings a gorgeous splash screen. i know this because i see it dozens of times each day since i have to log in every time i open the app! completely useless now.
works well. great app, easy to see what's going on at a glance
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
keeps locking up. the app keeps telling me i need to update to the latest version, but i already have it. it won't let me log on. frustrating. please fix or revert back to previous version until glitches are fixed.
the best mobile app for business i've use!. quickbooks mobile app is the best app i've used for my small business. it has everything i need at my fingertips. thank you intuit.
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
no sales receipts. this app is pretty decent, but lacks the essential functionality of sales receipts. gopayment isn't a solution either because it doesn't link to customers. when can we expect sales receipt functionality?
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
great business app. i truly do not know where my business would be without this app.
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
quickbooks on iphone ios 13 wont open. can you please fix the bug i can’t log in osi 13
great app. great app!
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
very user unfriendly.. i'm an ex myob user and also, lately, an invoice2go user which i find a dream to use. quick books however is so convoluted and unfriendly, i just don't know where the designers were coming from. i'm sure they've never tried to actually use the software. rubbish.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
awesome app. love it
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
ne pas acheter. honnêtement j ai rarement vu un support aussi difficile. des bogues, des manques de fonctionnalités, etc. pas au point pour les entreprise...
j’aime!. it’s a great app. i love it!
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
no refund and help support was clueless.. called twice no one could help me and both phone numbers proved useless. billing support was not helpful. could not even locate my ipad online subscription thru itunes. waste of time and money in my experience.
great platform. great platform easy to use. only really shortcoming i can find is the lack of the auto logbook function and inability to team with any payment processing systems except paypal and a auto fill reciept reader would be great. all in all great platform
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
very happy with qbo. it beats invoice2go and is very friendly to use. no doubt it's the #1 invoicing app.
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
bad customer service and bad app. i’m use only one month is the most terrible app. never used this app
very helpful. make managing my bussines much easier. good app.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
never ending price increases. standard tech bait and switch. used it for a number of years but the price just went up to far. they get you with a low initial rate and hook you once all you data is with them.
so easy to send an invoice on the go.. so easy to add items, rates and invoice2go, email it while you are waiting for your coffee and your up to date !
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
almost useless. the app is good for sending invoices only. don't expect to be able to do any other business on the app. the mobile site is about as good as healthcare.gov. you can look at some things but forget everything else. again good for sending invoices only. i expected more from a established company.
no other compares. no other accounting software appprogram compares or gives you the power and knowledge at your finger tips. great app. easy to use. tons of features. perfect or managing your business on the go!!
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
horrible app. you can’t add time activity. this has to be the stupidest design i’ve ever seen. you’re in the field and the most common use would be to add billable time. i’m about to switch to another provided if they don’t get their act together.
good for invoices. the mobile app doesn’t have all options from the desktop app. and it’s something that makes sense... i mostly use the mobile app to check on invoices status. also the alerts ... it sent notification when an invoice is paid, and some basic information as well.
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
trouble with ipad app. hello, i have the app in my iphone and it works great, but i have downloaded the app in the ipad and it tells me: looks like your account doesn’t include access to the quickbooks online mobile app... what i need to do to have access?. please advice! thanks
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
garbage. app stinks
quickbooks. great app!!
where's the touch password?. i use keychain so my quickboks password on my mac is super random, with dashes and strange symbols. i use quickbooks on my iphone so i can quickly add expenses when on the road and don't have a mac nearby. please add the touch password feature back in so the iphone app is convenient again.
unusable on ipad pro. was intending to transfer all of my business computing over to my more than capable ipad pro. intuit seems to have other ideas. unable to run my business with the quickbooks software with the app or through the browser. a very unsatisfactory situation having my computing need dictated by intuit. will change software as soon as practical.
difference maker. love the program, made it much easier to price jobs, track paidunpaid invoices and keeps track of all business info
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
crashes constantly every time i try to use it!. crashes multiple times every time that i try to use the app! on line works fine. the app keeps freezing saying saying critical updates needed! but i already updated app and deleted the app and reinstalled it. i tried everything i could do. so frustrating! older versions worked well. this is on an iphone xmax. newest phone .., latest version ... not working!!
best accounting app i've used. this makes my business run smooth and conveniently, i hope they bring more functionality to it still.
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
quick books. awsome app. helps when your always on the go.
a good assistant on the go. the phone app doesn't do as much as i'd like but i couldn't run my business without the software!
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
fantastic software.. i'm very satisfied with the quickbooks software
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
bad app! bad app!. i loved the app... then it fell apart. i cannot get it to show current status on anything! why is it so hard to keep a good app 'good' ??
i'm super impressed. i'm really impressed by this app for both iphone and ipad. i just started using quickbooks online and it was pretty cool to see that the app allows most of the same functionality as the online mac application. i haven't yet found a critical limitation, although i suspect there are some. moreover, with an online subscription, this app is free.
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
what a joke. i am not a software developer and who ever designed this joke is not one either
great software. few issues lots of results this product is easy to use and reduces time spent in the office its mobility is my favorite part use with my phone tablet laptop and desk top devices payment network nice but a little pricey
review. probably should have rated it 5 as i’m not completely up to speed on all functionality.... issues note reconciling accounts and getting the input in the correct bucket and data transfer from desktop not a crisp as it should be.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
love it. love the app, really intuitive!!! and great customer service!!!
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
fix the bugs. this program has many bugs and has connectivity issues. the level of problems with the software is extensive. when the program works correctly it works nicely, but the downtime and glitches greatly degrade the value of this software. i would look for an alternative accounting software package. i do not know anyone who has used this software that would give it a five star rating. in other words, i am very skeptical of the rating shown.
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
too slow. too slow, freezes, doesn't show if the email has been sent and other things... quick sale is way better.
great program. great program for businesses. great for on the go!
online quickbooks. quickbooks online is so different from the regular quickbooks. it will require a new learning curve to use it. hard to print payroll checks and regular checks reliably. it is handy to have things online, but it looks like we are a few generations away from it working well.
app is pants. the app was working perfectly until ios10! now opens for .5 second and crashs! how do i run my business accounts on the go!!!! fix needed today!!!
all my financials in my pocket.. i use it everyday to keep up with invoices and payments. and i plan to use it internationally when we move overseas to keep my finger on the pulse of our transactions.
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
missing the ability to record bills in app. really can't believe they missed the opportunity to take photos of invoices we receive using the ipad. apart from that it's a excellent app
fantastic app. really easy to use. saves me a lot of time as i can do my invoicing on the go. make sure you sign up for quickbooks online, not self employed, and then your accountant can use quickbooks accountant to access your files.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
the software has been a nightmare recently using iphone and ipad keeps saying i haven't paid. i've written to emails and had absolutely no response to either no refunds either because i can't get the software to work unless i'm in mice studios on my laptop which is being fixed currently i won't be with me for the next four weeks so how i'm supposed to do any invoicing i have no idea this is absolutely ridiculous use sage...
great app. very happy we use if for all our companies and recommend to our clients
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
stop taking my money. i don’t use your app but you’s still take my money
favorite app. my favorite app. i use it on a daily biases to send invoices right after i complete a job. makes my life so much less stressful.
super appli qui a changé ma vie.. gain de temps faramineux dans mon activité. et j’ai une vue instantanée sur le business. mon expert comptable est ravi en plus car il ne perd plus de temps sur la saisie que je ne voulais plus payer et la collecte qui m’embêtait.
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
be careful you will be charged $12,99 a month. did not know this app was going to cost me $12.99 a month. they make it hard to cancel. no unsubscribe or any other function if you don't want a monthly cost...don't download
quick books app. have been using quick books app for my business for a few months now, and i am very impressed with the package, as it's great value for money. i enjoy being able to use the app on my phone as it offer all the services that i need to be able to quickly raise and send invoices and pull up important info.
issues with addresses being in window of envelope. i used to be able to print off invoices and mail them to customers by folding in thirds. now i have to fold a special way to get the address to appear in the windows of the envelope.
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
don't like new update. i prefer buttons actions on the bottom than puede corner and still missing two things, send invoices by text, fax, edit or view notes online
awesome!. it has helped me to collect unpaid invoices more efficiently and i've collected more money because unpaid invoices are not forgotten about until they have been paid.
mohammed salman 6s. superb app all ledger's are in just my pocket my request is to app developer suppliers options suppliers balance
not easy to do it all on app. find trying to complete and send vat return a headache. also we use coop bank doesn’t tie up with qb nor does it with starling business bank
love it. ian finally able to track my expenditures and income totally on the go. no more playing catch up! love that i have receipt images and that i can make notes that will refresh my memory on the exact thing i bought. just getting to putting my logo on invoices... i know that there is a lot mor that i can do with this program i am very much a beginner love what it does so far!!!!
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
entering in items.. when i enter in items if i forget something it won’t let me put an item that i missed between two items that have already written down i have to put it at the end. i want to enter in all my items and then pick the order of the items.
useless staff. staff are useless and argumentative charged twice in 1 month over the price agreed then the argue it’s my fault literally like talking to a brick wall use free agent it’s free and just as good
qb online. very very good in all aspects of accounting. from home office or mobile app. you can do it all!
prices keep going up. prices keep gong up. it has doubled since i started.
after ios 13 update. after updating to ios 13 the app is not opening and i couldn’t use it.... please look into it and give us a solution
amazing app. i got this because of danny devito
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
very solid app.. a couple gripes, but overall great user experience.
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
qb app is useless. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either.
happy user. switched from desktop to online a couple years ago and love it. works great on all our devices and can s me invoices in the field right after we perform a job. love the continual improvements also.
great mobile app. mobile app has more functionality than online version. having the ability to take a note on a customer and add a photo. i only wish those notes were visible to the online version. currently they are not.
"problems. this app will not let me save an invoice, it always says ""this number already exists"" no matter which number i add. only started the error on the 301112, please fix."
indispensable. the package of apps for mac, ipad and iphone is perfect for my business. saves hours of my time.
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
simple things just don’t work in this app.. now i can’t copy my password from my password safe into the quickbooks login. this means i will have to use a simple easy to use and less secure password. also, there is no way to enter check numbers into the bank transactions. this works fine on a mac and online but not in the ipad app. these simple problems make the ipad app almost useless.
so easy to do books on the go!. i cannot say enough about the convenience of the app. i use it as soon as i get paid to log payments on it novices and enter sales receipts. this app and hiring a bookkeeper have been the best financial tools for the success of my business!
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
somewhat useful, but ui stinks. if you're using this app in conjunction with the desktop version, you're best bet is to bring your laptop rather than you're ipad while you're on the go. the ui totally stinks, looks and feels nothing like what you're used to. my expectation was that i could replace the laptop while on the go and use the ipad app, needless to say i carry both because this app stinks.
great product!. importing my company file from desktop to qbo was a breeze. love the interface, ease of use, and having access to qb anywhere i go.
like the app. i find the app to be very useful in the field. unfortunately since the latest update adding new customers seem to slow the app down and to a crawl. wish there was a way to get that bug fixed
needs ar functionality. great app except you can't see the total ar due to you. it's such a simple request but they haven't added it for years now
participated promoted priceless!. it enhances your ability to multitask better than others. sleek app for all business owner's success!
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
app not working on iphone. i’ve been trying to install the app on my iphone (6s) with the current version of ios for the past couple of months. the app downloads and installs. when i tap the app to open it, the screen briefly shows the intuit quickbooks logo and then closes. i called support but the told me to go to apple. the ability to use the app to capture receipts etc was a big draw to using quickbooks online. very disappointed.
great app. easy to use. love the 4 digit log in option.
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
no longer works with ios 13. i just updated to ios 13. the app now crashes immediately after it tries to launch my company. i tried reinstalling it but no luck. please fix this asap!
easy to use, instrumental to my business. keep it glitch free please
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
just ok. your misleading us when you say i can run my entire business from my phone. try opening an invoice with an employees time added. i also cannot enter time.
excellent. i like the flexibility of quickbooks. i use it on my iphone, ipad and desktop. always synced no problems with it. couldn't manage without it.
connecting my business. as a carpender who has been in business for almost 20 years switching over to quickbooks this year has allowed a much more efficient process. the phone app has changed the speed at which i can respond to customers.
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
lame. i don't understand how anyone can make an app that isn't fully functional on an ipad.
excellent on the go apps  for small business. easy to navigate .
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
i'm a fan. i use this app almost daily now. was stuck on my computer and was not will to try it. but happy i did. joe i do accounting in the go. thanks quick books
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
crashes constantly every time i try to use it!. crashes multiple times every time that i try to use the app! on line works fine. the app keeps freezing saying saying critical updates needed! but i already updated app and deleted the app and reinstalled it. i tried everything i could do. so frustrating! older versions worked well. this is on an iphone xmax. newest phone .., latest version ... not working!!
2016 update is a headache. much improved after initial deterioration in poor updates. great software now. real time accounting is brilliant. l
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
ok... like seriously. i’ve used this app for 2019 mileage and expense tracking. but every week i have to reconnect my bank account. like every single week! why?? i don’t have time to do that. fix this! or i’ll be forced to find a better working service!
breathtaking!!. wow this is an incredible app. i have searched for personal finance software for a long time and it has been a major headache. using quickbooks online is amazing. if they continue to add features to the online product to rival their desktop version i recommend they move completely to the cloud!! so good.
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
could be much better.. this app needs lots of work. is not possible to assign an expense as billable. is also not possible to add markup from this app. lame.
great app. i love quickbooks online as well as the mobile application for iphone and ipad. i basically run my business from my tablet and smart phone. we truly are living in the future.
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to selfemployed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
not bad, not great. i recently switched to quick books online and i really love the full online version. it's not too bad on the ipad, though a bit limited. the iphone version really annoys me with its limited capabilities. really nice for entering expenses on the fly, but not so easy for on the fly estimates or invoices. still better than my old system and im sure some of its shortcomings are user based.
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
horrible photo receipt capture function. the recent update apparently changed the algorithm for identifying receipt paper boundary in a photo that makes no sense at all. two out of three times it only capture a useless fragment of the whole receipt which the makes entering receipts a horrible and utterly frustrating experience.
loving it. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
chrashing in estimates. the app is great, only hiccup is that it restarts as soon as i go into opening a new estimate
app crashes on splash screen. on iphone 6s plus. this has been happening for so long and there is no action taken. i’ve tried uninstall and reinstall multiple times and nothing is working.
no complaints. does the job.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. great improvements in the app. extra features are a great bonus. well done. on iphone 7 the app crashes when upon opening banking is selected. i've reproduced 5 times.
can’t record invoice payments. i upgraded my phone from an iphone 8 plus to an xr running ios 13. i installed the quickbooks app from the apple store. when i try to record invoice payments, i get the following error: qbm.error.00001160.reason.iphone i have not found any articles about this error online.
wht and whvat accounting. great software, but requires improvement to include withholding tax accounting
needs work. i need to be able to print checks, but i haven't been able to figure out how yet. good for some things but not others. can't find how to access recurring transactions either.
multitasking?. would be nice if app supported multitasking.
great app. convenient. quickbooks app is very easy to use and makes tracking expenses quick and easy.
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
pretty good. it’s really great but there’s a couple of things you can’t do like work on reoccurring invoices.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
best move ever. glad we use the online version because it is easier when not in office to get to our information
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
like it!. just started with qbo  the app is actually really good
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
doesn't work properly!!!!!. doesn't work properly!!!!! you should fix all bugs before u sell your service, especially then it's about money and business, stay away if u want save you time!!!
awesome. great app for the ipad. i hate complicated software a to tract my work. this ones the most user friendly app i've come across. great recommendation. 5*****'s
where's the touch password?. i use keychain so my quickboks password on my mac is super random, with dashes and strange symbols. i use quickbooks on my iphone so i can quickly add expenses when on the road and don't have a mac nearby. please add the touch password feature back in so the iphone app is convenient again.
disappointing app. you can’t really do anything productive in this application. it’s extremely limited in functionality.
fantastic for when you’re on the move. this app has really helped me operate more efficiently from a mobile office. the ability to quickly and easily produce quotes and invoices from my ipad has been extremely useful. the app isn’t as fully featured as its desktop counterpart but it does enough to suit my needs, whilst i’m on the move. i’m running this app on a 10.5 ipad pro and it has been flawless.
quickbooks phone app. so easy i can’t believe it.
update is buggy. the latest update won't save invoices correctly and doesn't pull up all my clients names. i hope it's fixed soon i use it daily.
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
new update keeps crashing. well ever hour or two it crashes while i am in the middle of looking things up or when i am making an estimate for a customer. and this is with the pastiest update. oh and it keeps telling me there is a new update, but i already have it. fix it, my renewal is coming up and you aren’t the only game in town
owner. thank you for qbo! it's a breeze to use and i love recommending it to my clients! can't wait to get updates and see what else qbo can do.
not bad. categorising expenses has been incredibly time consuming to say the least. once you have your data in order you can start to make some decent reports but just getting over that initial hump is frustrating. shortening loadsave times along with better tabular data editing tools would make a big difference.
bank transfers take too long. i am very frustrated. it has been 1 week since my clients paid their invoice and the money still is not in my bank account after 1 week. unacceptable!
user friendly but not without fault. works nicely. has a few issues, but overall gets the job done.
connecting my business. as a carpender who has been in business for almost 20 years switching over to quickbooks this year has allowed a much more efficient process. the phone app has changed the speed at which i can respond to customers.
app is crashing.... had to key in a credit card thru the computer because the app keeps crashing and doesn’t let you charge a card. will change my review after they fix the issue.
so easy to use!. i love how easy the quickbooks app is. so helpful when running my business on the go!
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
broken. i sign in and all it does is take me to a screen that says it isn't quick books mac. the only buttons on the screen either take me to a webpage saying the app isn't quick books for mac or takes me back to sign in.
great app. 
so good. best account software available
garbage update. please test all your updates before releasing them to paying clients!!! invoicing issues, client search issues, expense issues, wth!!!
simply the best. simple and easy to understand and use. above all, the free technical support is out of this world. go for it, you cannot go wrong.
great for attaching receipts, not for entering expenses. i love being able to take photos of invoices and receipts and directly attach them to the expense. however, i am unable to add expenses because the app does not have access to my accounts or categories. if there was even a save as a draft option, i would give this a 55. however, i am not able to save any input if i can’t add the account or categories.
good, not great. you can do the basics, like sync bank accounts, run a few basic reports. but you can’t take many useful actions or get reliable search results. the bank accounts render weirdly. it’s more like a novelty rather than a tool.
manager. great. all work required can be done on the go
the invoice customization need big improvement. if you define customization mean capability to make different invoice like different logo diferent information on footer etc. i have to diferent areas of service in my company that use a diferent logos and footer information but quick book on line not work like the desktop version in this part. please fix that !!!!!
love the desktop version. the app needs work.. limited functionality. i can't even update the credit card i use to pay quickbooks in the app. tough to send invoices to clients
great app, easy to use!. this is a great financial management app. i'm far from an accountant but once you have your chart of accounts set up, keeping track of expenses and income is a breeze! a few swipes of your finger and you can reconcile your bank accounts. if only more things were this easy!
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2017 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays last years (2016) scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. just another step to my day to day book keeping tasks...
beautiful app, curious about next features.. the revamped qb online is really attractive. still people coming from the classic qb are missing features. qb uses a great system to allow customers to vote for features. the success of the online version will depend on how fast qb development will be able to produce the big wishlist of new features.
not bad but lacking ocr features. great app but the expense features is lacking ocr functionality that other apps provide for free. qbo please add ocr and auto input of date, merchant and amount in the expense fields. it will be so much quicker to match.
no access to payroll. the app seems to have a menu for everything except payroll. i find these types of oversights all over quickbooks online glaringly obvious features that are incomprehensibly missing and customer service has no answers. don't waste your time.
couldn't run my business without it!. this is an incredible program! my favorite thing about it is how mobile it is. my business is all out in the field... so i'm always creating invoices, collecting payment, and writing receipts often times right in front of my clients. i can literally do each one of these tasks in less than one minute. customers are impressed, records are kept uptodate, and my mind is at peace. very satisfied!
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
great app. it's quick and easy to learn. prefect for me.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
waste of valuable time.. all i wanted was a simple app to send 1 (one) out of state customer an invoice at the end of the month. my other 2 (two) customers don't really need one. took an hour to set it up and a couple more to figure out i was declined. just wanted something simple.
a long way to go. basic but does the job not the best app
too expensive. would give it 5 stars if it was cheaper $20 for just invoices give me a break
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
useful app. adds a lot of useful abilities to your mobile device. i'm not a heavy user of it, but i have not had issues with it for months using the basic features.
so good. best account software available
app is not functional. the app is keep crushing on iphone xs max every time you i want to create new invoice. billion dollar company but cannot fix bugs for a few months already, its embarrassing.
good. nice app
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
great app!. so easy to use, really makes a difference to be able to invoice and do payments on the move.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
great but needs some updates. just recently i am unable to log in to my company. i can get on to my online account, but not on the app?? says my email and password isn’t found?
easy to use, plenty of features. pretty good value for an entire business accounting, sales and inventory app, cloud based as well so can be accessed from anywhere.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
do not update to ios 13. if you rely on the app, don’t update to ios 13 until they make it compatible. it crashes on startup after face id.
great app. does cost money this app. it’s definitely worth it! the app keeps up to date
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
too many error messages. for what you pay for a quickbooks online account, this app for ipad and iphone is really disappointing. i get an error message almost every single time i try and enter a new transaction. sometimes it works despite the error message, sometimes it doesn't. but i get the error every time. i can't even access the banking functions as i get an error message and nothing will load. the only function that seems to work properly is the reports section.
love it. makes accounting and payroll and taxes and everything a complete nobrainer.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
app crashes on ios13.0 & 13.1. i’ve just updated the app and it’s still crashing on ios13.0 and also 13.1. i have tried to make contact with the developers via the support page but it also loads to blank pages after opening chat.
great app. awesome app
nick name. works for mobile receipts, entering expenses is really nice as you can take a picture of the receipt. even has limited reports. i don't understand all the bad reviews. what do you want it to do? for hvac contractor like me, it works really good.
bookkeepers or better only! too much info available to users.. this app would allow a salesman taking orders to view way too much information. it's nice that it integrates with the qbo program, but what am i supposed to do about salesmen that only need to check inventory and write orders? surely they should be excluded from the company books! very disappointed in the time i wasted talking to intuit salespeople who materially misrepresent the functionality of the program
works great!. i am a new business owner and i have qb online on my pc, ipad and iphone. it is great to be able to record expenses and take photos of the receipts right when it happens rather than waiting until later and possibly forgetting. no issues found so far!
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
really useful. great app allowing me to raise invoices whilst on site, confirm details with clients and syncs with the software back at the office.
working good for me.. the qb online is what i have started with. i use the app and pc to access it. so far so good. i also notice how often qb's is updating and i have watched this version evolve over the last 3 years. my bookkeepers and accountant like it for my needs. i do not use payroll. every time i have called customer service i have had attentive reps.
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
ceo of gd2k. this is a really good app it has help our business in so many ways. it help boost our profit margin we have been able to close deals, and make invoices right on the spot. i recommend this for a lot of different business with quickbooks online.
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
worst customer support of all time. some of their custom support reps are amazing. some don’t even know their own policies. i’ve had several different issues with them with several different companies and aspects of their platform and i’ll never use them again and recommend anyone to check other accounting softwares out before going to quick books as future risk and frustration mitigation.
h2a solutions. best way to invoice my customers
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
lacking several important fixes. initially the app was incredible... unfortunately after an update on my ipad, the ability to email my invoices got much more difficult, no longer populates my contacts, have to manually enter every time, it doesn't store or remember emails. i get connection lost or you are not connected to the internet error messages constantly. spoken with customer care who said i should enter them manually.... really? thousands of email addresses, maybe you should fix your glitches!
love this app and online version of qb 😬. i converted to the online version of qb from the desktop version and i have to say it was the best decision i made! my primary laptop crashed & nothing could not be recovered, the online version of qb was never an issue & continued seamlessly. this app is such a convenient perk to qb  i can't say enough how fabulous this app is. love it!
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
seems good so far!. i just downloaded the app, however for what i use qb for, this app is perfect and will definitely make my time more efficient. i am always on the go and handwrite all checks. from what i can see, you can quickly enter checks written (and even take a picture) and also manage your online banking. which is perfect for my needs.
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
broken. can’t save any new invoice sales receipt... ipad pro iphone xs max nothing works
quickbooks all the ways. great product, services, app
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
mobile app for online qbb has problems. today has been particularly difficult when an invoice won't save. quickbooks tells me it is safe in the cloud, but it never is. now i keep getting a message on my ipad that my log in has expired, even though i just logged in. please fix this stuff. quickbooks is great when it works,
awesome app. feature rich and also user friendly
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
starting with errors. i am just starting my beekeeping business and trying to track expenses. quick books somehow has me making a $164 sale. i can't erase it because it doesn't exist. would love it but can't reconcile the books if random numbers are calculated out of thin air!
love this app. as a small business contractor, i find this app very useful and an asset to our company. especially when we are on the go, and need to send something over to a customer or view what we've done prior. when i don't have my desktop available to me, this is definitely where i go. one click wonders of converting one document to the next.
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
stops working too often!. not a bad way to do your estimates in the field and send out invoices but your app stops working way too often for us company wide!!!
very effective. i’ve used very expensive accounting software but quickbooks offers just as much as many do at a fraction of the price.
james. love it!! we run our business on this,,
company owner. you can't go in an manage users unless you have a desktop version that's just not acceptable i have an ipad pro cost 3times what my computer cost it better get fixed or i am gone.very disappointed. also customer service can't help either rg
great app. would be lost without it, saves me a fortune in accountants fees
5050. good tool but it's slow in the network and chews threw battery.
cis unfriendly. useless if your a contractor or subcontractor. if your in the construction industry, this app is useless. you cannot create cis invoices which renders this app useless.
so efficient. qbo is so easy to use. any query i have, the support team always responds within a couple of hours and the way they explain things is in a way that is so easy to understand, and they are just so helpful.i always recommend qbo to anyone that asks what software i use.
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
app is good support is horrible. call qb for basic questions lady name amanda hang up on me.. dial back in the she place me on hold for 15 minutes
excellent app. moved from xero to qbo and couldn't be happier
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
terrible service. i signed on at $30 which is fine and worked for my small business. several months later it went to $50 then to $60 a month for the same service. i tried to call and cancel and they must not have done something right because it charged me for the next two months. i had to call again to cancel and it finally worked
awesome. streamlines my entire business, saves me tons of time, lets me take credit cards, and best of allows me to bill on the spot.
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
only basics. the app appears to make available only the very basic functions. i don't see reports, and i signed on to complete some company preferences, add classes, and set opening chart of accounts. none of these are functional.
great app. been using for over a year now for keeping track of time for my construction business. works great
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
convenient but you pay for it. this app is really handy but they jack the prices up on you once you’ve gone through all the hassle of inputting your info. they know you won’t probably mess with changing programs once you’ve wasted all that time and energy. it is nice to use, however.
great software. with each update this app gets better and better, great integration with turbo tax small business
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
missing critical feature. the app is decent but is missing the ability to add a delayed charge. this breaks the workflow of employees in the field. anything available in the web app needs to be available in the mobile app as well.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
invoicing easy. easy for invoicing etc, but less intuitive for expenses and linking accounts etc. especially as it will or allow me to sync my main business account!!!
latest update. the last update has the photo settings all messed up. you can no longer capture a good picture that will send with invoices. it either won’t attach to the invoice or it’s cropped automatically to the point the entire page doesn’t show. needs to be fixed. already looking at other options for my business.
qb app is awsome. i really like the options on the app. makes my business easy to run
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
not reliable. is not reliable. not a replacement for desktop app or web based qb online. different icons, different navigation, missing tools reports and features. data does not reliably import into app from accounts.
personal accountant. brilliant softwareyou need to allow yourself a couple of hours to set up but once done it does all your reporting for you and keeps your finger on the pulse with your financial status  i love it!
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
bad update. used to work good until last update now when i open the app is says downloading company data, gets stuck there for ages. if it finally loads, there are no customer invoices, just payments. tried deleting the app and reinstalling but does the same thing. the pc app works fine and my employees have samsung phones and they haven't complained of any issues may just be an iphone app problem.
great app. saves me a lot of time. very fluid with payments and bank transfers.
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
so far so good. i've been using the app for a week and love it so far. i find it extremely easy to make invoices in the field, and also very convenient to accept payments.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
cis deductions on apps!. unable to do a cis invoice on the app.. massive let down as this is not a feature yet
quick books makes my life easier!. doing estimates and sending invoices is easier then ever!
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
ipad trouble. i’ve been using the self employed app for almost two years. i had some issues with crossover between a new mac and my iphone. though a painful process, tech support eventually fixed it. now after downloading the app on ipad, the app won’t work on the ipad. says mobile access isn’t available. well what have i been doing on my phone for two years then?
works well so far. i installed the app this month. so far it allows me the flexibility to record transactions on the go. this is a big help.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
frustrated. the is helpful in many ways, but it crashes too much with ipad and locks you out at random times. the screen locks out of focus sometimes too.
actually makes accounting a little bit fun. i absolutely love the way this app allows me to record, photograph and categorise expenses from receipts. so easy that it actually is fun. delighted that i can get rid of all this paper!
i love it.. i used to have to enter in expenses and sales, but now all that stuff shows up automatically with my banks being connected. i love it!
no good. this app only works if you have the online account version
great. i love this app. it does what i need.
very useful!. this app is very useful for my small internet cafe business. i can track anytime my sales and expenses. reports are generated realtime, no need to wait for your accountant. the app needs to improve the touch id system because it requires you to input the password after you have closed the app.
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
great for handyman businesses. qb is great for me! i run a handyman business and my office is at my clients place or in my truck. i can sent estimatesinvoices while i am on site. it so nice because i use my tablet or phone when i’m on the road and when i’m home i can use qb on my computer and everything is automatically updated
paie. il serait vraiment apprécié de pouvoir entrer le temps travailler pour nos employés.
meh. so slow loading new pages invoice templates are ugly hard to view invoice view doesn’t quite seem “google” more like a government website that got a makeover
excellent for businesses in the go!. quickbooks is easy to use and the app allows me to create transactions, view balances and customer information wherever i am. i also love that i can take a photo of a receipt and categorize it on the go.
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
not intuitive, not flexible, once in your stuck. terrible decision for a simple accounting software. converted from computer version...very unhappy.
"new to qb app. love it, but needs a ""statement"" tab"
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
poor. the program is slow and it is hard to find what you want. does not compare to their desktop version.
easy to use and great features. i moved to quickbooks after trying xero, and find it at least as good for my needs and much better value. good foreign currency support, which is important for me.
never disappointed. best accounting software available!
app crashes. ever since update cannot open app. need to fix immediately.
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
latest update works with ios13. normal operation resumed.
app doesn’t work on ios 11. don’t waist time
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
decent but need more work. when using the online version, this ios version looks incomplete. it is useful to see some general information, but for analysis you need more details and this app does not show them.
great app but missing some things. i think this is a great start to the quickbooks app! it is clean looking and well organized. you are able to enter in or download transactions, refer to client information and many other things. my only complaint is that you cannot reconcile any accounts in the app. i would love to be able to reconcile. it would get 5 stars from me if the app could do that.
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
crashes no bill of lading. missing two things, send invoices by text message and create bill of lading
crashing at start up with ios 13. love this app but it crashes with ios 13 :( please fix
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
this app having more issues reload if you have an issue.. invoice not showing up. i don't think it is syncing correctly with quickbooks online that is going to be an issue when i loose money and or re invoice my customer. :( please fix this. note reloading app cause it to fix these issue. intuit needs a reload company button.
it's a good basic app. i like the app and i really enjoy quickbooks online. i would like for the invoices to allow my clients to pay through paypal and to be able to scan receipts instead of manually entering the data. the app is fairly limited but it's good enough for a quick overview when you need it.
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
very poor support and feature. features are basic and they won’t let you unlock the others with poor support. don’t use
huge asset for small business. love the flexibility this app provides. i can do everything from the app that i can do from the desktop although it takes twice as long. however, as a small business owner being the accountant and the laborer it is great having the ability to pull up invoices with clients and email invoices on the go.
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
best app for accounting. i used another app before but quickly switched to quickbooks. it is by far the best out there in the market in terms of features and ease of use. i am not an accounting expert but now i can quickly generate my financial statements and get funded. thanks a lot!
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
awesome app... its amazing app and each update is awesome. but it's not as near the desktop in terms of functionality. overall, if you use quickbooks then its a must have..
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
qb app fail. app is very frustrating. sometimes works great but most of time wants to download company data and 15 min later still not downloaded. i try over and over and give up. then every once in awhile it works. fix or get rid of.
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
banking. great app just the banking doesn’t always pull over on fist couple tries to load transactions
won't sign in, incorrect subscription error.. like the title says, can't login tells me my subscription may have expired. i can log in through website easily.
keeps everything in one place. great app! i keep all my business and personal expenses logged and in place from my phone. i can also track multiple companies. gives me so much piece of mind and way easier for keeping track of taxes and book keeping.
invoicing easy. easy for invoicing etc, but less intuitive for expenses and linking accounts etc. especially as it will or allow me to sync my main business account!!!
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
qb. use it for my farm. fantastic app
sales. it would be nice if you could take the copy of a receipt prior to that posting on quickbooks to save it for when the actual download appears. if that could be perfected i would give it a five star
great app  shame about the price. used this for almost 2 years now but need to find an alternative following a 70% price increase. it’s a shame, and it’s causing hassle for me in setting up my records with another accounting app but the only way we can object to such massive price changes is to cancel and leave.
awesome. this is a great app it's really easy to use with seamless integration with my desktop version. the response has been consistently fast when you process transactions, highly recommend !
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
pointless. useless app. can’t even see any supplier invoices etc. what is the point of having the app if you can’t work fully on the go!?
the best accounting app i've used. quickbooks intergrates seamlessly with your store all you have to do is keep track of your expensenses!
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
"no support. staff is rude. need help checking on billing and the person says it's not my job. you can google the number for that question. i was like what support do you provide? her exact words "" nothing""!"
great for small business and photographers. we have had this for a few years and use the web, desktop and mobile app almost daily. (for maciphone) everything is flawless and the customer service is great! glenn fajota photography
crashing after ios 9 update. app continues to crash after updating to ios 9. just after opening it crashes. this app has been an excellent tool to my business. looking forward to a quick bug fix.
lacking. there is zero way to customize reports on the go. it does not import saved reports from pc version. it really adds nothing  i'm better off keeping track of what i need to do and then do it on my pc.
works great. this app works perfect for recording our small farms purchases and sales. it is very easy and convenient to use.
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
horrible since last update. constantly crashes and slow to load. not to mention we are paying almost $800 a year to use this crappy program. lacks many features the desktop version has.
highly recommend. i highly recommend this app. i run my business with quickbooks online and use this app daily. i use it to create estimates and invoices mostly but also look up look up costumers balances and run reports.
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
easy. great design, easy to use interface and great for quick overviews and adding data
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
not ipad friendly. although the web based system works pretty well from a desktop or laptop it is very unfriendly on the ipad.
fantastic!. i love this app. it works really well, and makes it easy for me to stay ontop of invoicing my customers.
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
slow and buggy. disappointed in app. doesn't correlate well with desktop version. slow to load information and sometimes won't update accounts.
quick books. the best app ever, easy to use, never had an issue that could not be easily resolved. i run 2 nyc businesses and mostly on the run.
where's the touch password?. i use keychain so my quickboks password on my mac is super random, with dashes and strange symbols. i use quickbooks on my iphone so i can quickly add expenses when on the road and don't have a mac nearby. please add the touch password feature back in so the iphone app is convenient again.
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
quickbooks. great accounting app, been using quickbooks for years now and it keeps getting better. i would be lost without it. so easy to use with great tutorials. i'd highly recommend.
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
great app!. very userfriendly and convenient. great for people who are needing to create invoices and estimates and track expenses. the iphone app is fantastic!
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
simply functional. app makes invoicing easy, and allows you to track any outstanding receivables. should make tax time much easier.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
unreliable. downloaded this because i was looking for something a little more functional than my current invoice app. had for about a week and now the app won't even open, very disappointed because i was really starting to like the software. thankfully i was still using the free trial and hadn't purchased it for the month or year like i had planned on doing.
great layout!. i find quickbooks online easy to navigate. the menus are logical and easy to use even before you learn the app. i'm glad i made the change to qbo!
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
qbo. pretty great app, i hope they add some additional features; like printing a pick list, and a few other things.
quickbooks phone app. so easy i can’t believe it.
unfinished app. you guys shouldn't have launched an app with half the major features missing.
easy to use. i love my quickbooks app. this is the first year my taxes will be done on time because i didn't have to spend hours at desk!
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
prefiro a versão desktop. gosto do aplicativo. mas a versão mobile não permite adicionar contas a pagar.
ultra pratique et très utile. tout ce qu'il faut pour la comptabilité facile et sur la route.
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
i'm getting used to this. i struggled at first trying to figure out what to put where but now i am inputting invoices on the fly and keeping track of my expenses and my revenues gained
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
poor app not intuitive. some features are good, but (and it is a big but), the desktop app does not work, the web app is poor and the iphone app almost forces you to make errors, which you can't seem to undo. this is a waste of money. if the app were more intuitive and flexible then you'd have a winner. for now you won't be putting accountants or spreadsheets of business.
top notch app for businesses. makes it so easy to run my business on the go!!!!
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
awesome product for small business!!. unbelievably convenient! from my imac, to my tablet, to my phone i can access, enter payment, send an estimate, or invoice, etc and it’s all connected because i have online quickbooks. hint: go they intuit directly! itunes was charging me an extra $5 a month. $19.99 a month they intuit and worth every penny!! biggest time saver + unsurpassed professionalism to my customers and speed of connectivity!!
going okay. i’m happy so far. love the bank link up, did four months of data entry in two hours i sent my first quote. i’m using an iphone 8 plus and will use as customer interface which i look for to when i get printer.. however i note that i will have to log on via a pc the set some things up as i don’t get that option on the app. love the finger i’d sign in
does not support accounting functions. quickooks is first and foremost an accounting application. this app does not provide for reviewing financial statements, reviewing expense categories (ie cost of goods sold, office expense, etc) and does not allow correction of mis applied expense items. from an accounting and control viewpoint, i think it is almost useless
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
new update horrible. it's always been glitch but since the new update i can't add products to the estimate and customer service is clue less in how to resolve the issue.
new to qb on line. brilliant package but did need support on getting the data i migrated over sorted. but worth the monthly charges. great job quick books.
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
no support from quickbooks is brutal. there's no support options provided from quickbooks directly. that's a very poor customer experience, especially when paying $100s per year for this platform. the online community is somewhat helpful, but you're relying on contributions from other random users being accurate, which they may not be. please step up, quickbooks.
impressed.. very impressed with how far intuit has taken the qb online product, and this app is a nice extension of that! all the talk of cloud and mobile being the future..is now thanks to this cloud product. i refer many accountants in my network the qbo accountant version, which is the best solution for most small businesses in my opinion.
too expensive. would give it 5 stars if it was cheaper $20 for just invoices give me a break
crashes upon opening. do not install. keep your prior version until they fix this. upon updating the app no longer will open. i called quickbooks and they said it must be a known issue then.
easy invoice creation. high quality invoices can be created on the fly with my iphone!
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
app is pants. the app was working perfectly until ios10! now opens for .5 second and crashs! how do i run my business accounts on the go!!!! fix needed today!!!
great app. been with quickbooks for two years now and still really impressed very easy to use and works across all platforms would strongly recommend
super appli qui a changé ma vie.. gain de temps faramineux dans mon activité. et j’ai une vue instantanée sur le business. mon expert comptable est ravi en plus car il ne perd plus de temps sur la saisie que je ne voulais plus payer et la collecte qui m’embêtait.
taking too long to integrate with desktop version. still not as useful as the desktop version, really needs to be able to prepare purchase orders and deal with suppliers. it is a good app but not for a business who purchases stock and has to pay suppliers. have now decided it is easier to tether the laptop to the ipad.
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
add receipt photos!!!. please this feature is desperately needed. you did it for the self employed app why not for this more expensive version???
brilliant. brilliant app. so happy that i've migrated over to quick books.
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
outstanding. very user friendly app. like nothing you have seen in accounting. the future is here.
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
crash issues. this app crashes on the new iphone 11 pro max using ios 13. please release updates to resolve the issue.
fast and efficient time saver. works a treat across all my devices, keeps my accounts up to date and all invoices issued in a timely manner
bom. mas por favor criem a opção de exportar o orçamento direto pelo whatsapp 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
purchased but won’t work.. i can not contact customer service to save my life!! i purchased this after my trial but it won’t acknowledge that i have. very upset and frustrated!!!
love it!!!. so quick and easy to learn. everything is at your fingertips!
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
changed my life. very helpful and easy to use. now i am my own accountant and i can keep close track on everything i do. i love this app!
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
bad service. very bad service customer support team is bad zero star........
no too bad. this app for the self employed version is pretty good. using the ipad is less so, mainly because it will not rotate into landscape view and the appearance of the interface is slightly blurry  not sharp like other apple apps. the features though, on the whole are pretty good.
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
it's broke :(. wonderful app, latest update has caused many issues, including signing in with fingerprint or app code. have to do a full sign in each time with email and loooooong password. hope they can fix soon! 😩😖😤
love😻this app. must have for small business owners.. or even for personal use. don't know what i'd do with out it. been using for 3 years now😊
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
where are the invoices??. what is the point of an accounting app that does not show supplier invoices? dreadful. support was as helpful as a chocolate teapot too ...
great app for small business. simple easy to set up and use on the road.
good for review but limited functionality. this is a subset of qb online functions good for quick checking on the business but not a working system much like the ipad version of word or powerpoint you get to do a bit but need the full version for the program to be useful
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
great stuff. for me, this app is perfect. as a freelance travel writer i can take a snap shot of my expenses and update my accounts on the road. the only problem i have is that you cannot access the app when you have no coverage so i cannot work offline.
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
bad update. can no longer accept credit card payments. keep getting error code 6000. tech support advised this is a known issue but no eta on fix. please revert back to previous version.
convenient app. fast and easy way to update my account plus banking syncable
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
horrible. it’s true the only reason i will install qb on my phone is to record expense on the fly,and it doesn’t do it
it's nice but could use some improvement. i use the phone app and the mac app, there's things that annoy me and waste time when using.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient. so a lot of updates lately and still no way to create a statement from the app. this really is very frustrating.
invoice quantity wrong. when i go to create an invoice and type in a quantity of 1, the total amount equals zero no matter how much the amount. it isn’t calculating correctly. also, it states that the email address i type in is too long even though it is the same email address that i’ve used before.
great app!. awesome tool for your business. if you don’t have a background in basic accounting principals, get a bookkeeper to help you set it up. a great chart of accounts will make the reports super useful.
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
this is a total disaster. quickbooks online is a complete and total mess. my invoices are duplicating themselves in the register, the register isn't adding correctly, and my sales tax isn't correct so it has to be done by hand. when you call customer service, they have no answers and never bother to return your call because nobody there knows how to fix the issues. i would recommend that nobody ever uses quickbooks online.
easy and convenient. i own a construction business, and have grown very fond of this app. it's really convenient to use the app to maintain our books on the go. my husband and i wear many hats in our business. our time is precious, but quickbooks online helps free up some of that time with its ease of use.
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
can't attach images or accept signatures. really!!?? so many features i would have expected. track expenses, milage, accept signatures.
quickbooks. quickbooks has been absolutely amazing overall. main issue is customer service and their ability to provide customer support for the app. i was required to ph 3 different numbers, one being out of service. once i finally spoke to csr he was extremely friendly but did state they haven’t been provided proper training to assist with app related issues but would do his best to help. i would upgrade to 4 or 5 stars if they provide a user friendly option for support.
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
it's about time!. quickbooks online and the cloud sync apps for iphone and ipad is nothing short of amazing...it's about time and wow they did such an amazing job with the whole experience. i love that i can make a receipt for a customer on the spot on my iohone or ipad.
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
good but not great. it needs to have form customization like the desktop version. intuit needs to realize existing customers are switching over for its convenience too. therefore, they cannot omit features that effect the end look of invoices and estimates. especially when the customization options are so limited as to even being able include additional images.
so far so good. very good for tracking expenses on the road to avoid paperwork when back at the office. nice simple mobile interface.
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
app freezes. since updating my iphone to 13.0 the quickbooks app freezes once it opens. at this point it is completely useless.
love it, i use it everyday for my business. qbo has helped my business grow buy looking professional, keeping up with invoices, and giving easy ways for the customer to pay.
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
where is time billing. ??. this would be a fantastic app if you would just add a time billing function. qb online has this function but the mobile app does not. professionals need to enter their time for services rendered on the road, but this app has no function other than sending a full invoice. please.... add time billing that will sync with qb online. !!!
awesome. this app is great and extremely helpful with my small business. it saves a lot of time and work. not only do i find it very resourceful but it's easy to use. customizing my invoices and estimates is probably the best part of the application aside from it allowing me to check my profit and loss. i recommend this app to any user, especially a business owner.
okay app. the apps okay to keep you updated on overdue accounts and to see what has been paid.
does not have all features as online version. it's great for making invoices and receiving payment, but that's about it. i created a refund for a client the other day and could not even see it when i went looking for it on the app. good, but needs improvement.
love it. so easy and confident love this app great for my freelance makeup business
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
too much missing. the app could be useful, but is a pain. does not have an option to add bills, which is most of what i want to use it for. constantly asks for password rather than touch id, making it a pain to use, or worse  encourages you to use a simple password. hopefully both will get fixed soon.
helpful app. massively scaled down from the quickbooks online browser version. but it is not intended to be a full service app. it gives a good, quick, and simple snapshot of your business on the go. it also is easy to add expenses and take pictures of receipts from within the app itself. i find it helpful on the go. worth downloading for sure
valerieh. works great! they should combine all features of quickbooks. too many separate parts or features of quickbooks that customers are being charged for
bugs. i had quickbooks for two years but had to switch because of prevalent bug issues. eventually i had to reinstall the app every time i wanted to use it.
epic help. this app is very helpful for me it is very good
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
they ruined this product. run, don't walk, away from this app. the idiots at intuit have destroyed all utility in it.
best app for any business. i'm a musician and this app helps keep track of all my gigs and insures proper payment!
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
none of the convenient features work. i send invoices quite often and with each invoice i need to add attachments. every time i try to add an attachment the invoice will not send. also the desktop app is garbage.
easy to use. i haven’t tried other softwares when it comes to managing my books besides quickbooks so i can’t compare it to the others in the market. but for me it’s very simple and easy to use. my favorite feature is the ability to take photos of your receipts and transfer them instantly. i’m sure all of them do that but it works great here.
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
not happy. the updates have crashed my quick book app too many ones to count. i was without the use of my customer charge option for over a week. it was resolved and now two weeks later i'm having the same issue. my clients aren't happy and neither am i.
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
nick name. works for mobile receipts, entering expenses is really nice as you can take a picture of the receipt. even has limited reports. i don't understand all the bad reviews. what do you want it to do? for hvac contractor like me, it works really good.
worse update ever. finally you eat our petition to add calculator to the invoice keyboard and removed on this update? app freezes a lot
time tracker missing. the online version is friendlier then the online desktop version, but all in all a great app. one thing missing is the time tracker. would be great to be able to track your time spend on a project and book it to an invoice.
bom. mas por favor criem a opção de exportar o orçamento direto pelo whatsapp 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
did update have had issues ever since. cannot download all of he files needed keep getting error code 10000. no resolution
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
good app. very useful app when on the go.
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
too many error messages. for what you pay for a quickbooks online account, this app for ipad and iphone is really disappointing. i get an error message almost every single time i try and enter a new transaction. sometimes it works despite the error message, sometimes it doesn't. but i get the error every time. i can't even access the banking functions as i get an error message and nothing will load. the only function that seems to work properly is the reports section.
very good and fast. i recommend qbo because i can use it everywhere and i don't have to keep doing backups and all users can access it at the same time and from any device like smartphone, ipad, computer etc.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
we be removing from my ipad. while it allows you to look at a couple of reports, the entries do not link to account activity, making the app useless for me. i will be removing it from my ipad.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
it’s great. although this program works incredibly well and i’m happy to of used it for the past two years… i would love to do an annual subscription, pay my payment once a year and carryon.
i am impressed!. i had to leave a review after being able to set up a new customer and then bill them all from my iphone! not a detail was missing compared to the desktop cloud version of quick books. good job intuit!
not suitable. i was hoping to be able to manage qb from my ipad as if i had access to my qbo accountant tools. sadly not. back to the laptop to actually get my work done.
excellent program. i have tried office and unless you no the formulas it doesn’t work. absolutely love how easy this is!
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
could be better. still no auto save. it’s 2018 folks, time to wake up. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
fantastic app for a superb product!!. i've been using quickbooks since i began my private voice and piano studio. i am able to easily track invoices and payments and send reminders to my students and their parents. the app has helped me save time when adding payments so i can focus my time on my students. i also love how i can send receipts and reminder invoices even when i am on the run! definitely a 5 star product & app!
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
very limited... quickbooks is one of the best accounting tools out there... however this app is very limited. ipad is a very powerful device. but this app doesn't take advantage of that. things like: * auto save invoices to the files app * option to choose payment type * when you paste an email from the email apps, it doesn't recognize those emails.. * option to add company stamp and seal to the invoices
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
system modify for the better. great system except when you send an invoice out there is no way to mark it that it has been sent out . so you constantly have to keep a note book with all the customers and what is going on with each individual invoice.
update killed app for me!. used to love this app as i’m a paid subscriber, but the recent update doesn’t launch anymore. i’ve tried removing and reinstalling same result. iphone x.
great app but not perfect yet. if they add more customization to this app like adding letterhead to purchase order and provide educational videos on every topic it would make a best app ever.
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
update. says update required to use. i go to the app store to update and no update is available. been using it and working great till this.
business owner. could use more features and customization on forms and invoices. some basic functions are missing. otherwise helpful. would recommend for a small business.
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
best business app. quickbooks has definitely made running my business much more efficient and has made it easier to close on deals. the estimate tool makes it easy to send professional looking estimates to clients, and with a click, those estimates turn into invoices. you can receive payments through quickbooks as well. add the payroll service and you can run the whole business yourself. i would definitely recommend this to any new business start up.
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
user friendly!. makes my life so much easier. i'm able to create and send off the things i need while with a client in the field.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
ok but.... qb is ok. major flaw however when trying to look at a customer's order history. the list of invoices does not show the memo so you can tell what item the invoice is for. this is a serious problem.
magnifico. aplicativo e software excelente! vale muito o investimento!
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
love it!. we've used qb for about a decade, and looove the new app. makes life easier!!
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
awesome!. has worked better than any other accounting software i have ever used!
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
you need to purchase one per company. if you own multiple companies this software may not work for you. unless you rather pay double and in my case triple for each software per company. highly disappointed and no one that would solve it. regretfully invested.
great app. the app is great for on the move and for keeping you up to date on invoice payments, you believe you can invoice from the app but we only use it for day to day updates
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
crashes 3 seconds after opening. latest version is completely unusable on both iphone and ipad. crashes 3 seconds after opening. both on iphone and ipad. did anyone actually test this?
works when you're on the go!. easy app navigation. easy to create, send,invoices.
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
barely useable. it's a great idea, but too many features of the online version are not accessible on the app. perhaps the qb folks are working on upgrades
very nice app. very easy to use and make my all estimates and invoices very smooth and keep the updates very soon
needs work. i need to be able to print checks, but i haven't been able to figure out how yet. good for some things but not others. can't find how to access recurring transactions either.
desktop to online nightmare. huge sales push. they say they will help you get setup but don't believe it. it's all going to be you. numerous issues with imported transactions etc etc etc.
good on the go. it’s easy to make invoices on the spot for customers and receive payments. i still prefer sitting at a computer but this app really helps while i’m on the go!
great for my simple business. i love quickbooks online and would give it 5 stars except i send many estimates, invoices and sales receipts by email and frequently they are not received and unless i follow up i do not know they were not received. when it is sent i need the satisfaction it will be received. again i love the program.
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
works great!. i am a new business owner and i have qb online on my pc, ipad and iphone. it is great to be able to record expenses and take photos of the receipts right when it happens rather than waiting until later and possibly forgetting. no issues found so far!
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
a poor mobile companion to qbo. there are so many things wrong with this app. for example, expenses have a note field that doesn't show notes entered in qbo (web). the length of the expense category field is so short that i can't distinguish among categories, especially nested ones. the app generally lacks the functionality it would need to make it a truly useful companion to qbo.
new user. will be happy to see how useful this is for my company.
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
great app!. works great with my quickbooks online, fast and easy for taking credit card payments. everything syncs back to my online account and is very easy and efficient, huge time saver!
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
not pleased. for one i still can't redownload the app after i accidentally deleted it. it's been months. i hit the cloud button and it does nothing. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
excellent product!. the interface of the app is exceptionally laid out, easy to use and perfect for an onthego business owner. would definitely recommend quickbooks!
crashing after ios 9 update. app continues to crash after updating to ios 9. just after opening it crashes. this app has been an excellent tool to my business. looking forward to a quick bug fix.
quickbooks online app. although i do like quickbooks online, the mobile app version is horrible. i downloaded and logged in and it did give me my balance sheet, but said i had no expenses, i could not find a way to put in a journal entry and other reports showed zeros as well. i deleted it from my ipad and will just use the nonapp version ( which you need google chrome vs safari to work properly not a big deal but a bit odd).
well done. good app to compliment online services
gran sistema. é ora che si diffonda anche in italia....
bank transfers take too long. i am very frustrated. it has been 1 week since my clients paid their invoice and the money still is not in my bank account after 1 week. unacceptable!
perfect. works great for my contracting business. i mainly use it for estimates and invoices.
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
useless  data download errors. the app worked great for the past couple years and now all the sudden it keeps crashing when trying to download my data. i own a mobile business and now i'm having to preplan and print invoices before i show up because the app is useless.
owner. online is getting better with each update still has a few more options i would to able to perform from mobile and laptop being using qbooks for 11 yr
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
garbage. do not use this app will create an accounting nightmare can’t export back to desktop or keep your data with out staying up with their monthly payments just junk
simply the best. so simple to use and makes more time free for myself
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
.. i had to delete the app as it was having many issues. now i can't download it again?
love the app. very fast an easy
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
awesome. works great never had an issue with yet to date
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
it's ok not bad. it does the primary functions fine. gives you a decent insight with the new dashboard. one glitch is that it shows deleted invoices as past due.
why don't have auto feel?. outo sense is not working.pick your item from product list (lose time) it's difficult to use online app. they have to make better like invoice2go
small biz owner. i can't function without this app. perfect for the owner on wheels and phones constantly.
entering in items.. when i enter in items if i forget something it won’t let me put an item that i missed between two items that have already written down i have to put it at the end. i want to enter in all my items and then pick the order of the items.
invoices and estimates design. the design and layout of the invoices and estimates templates are outdated. seems like a small thing, but it reflects poorly on a business’ brand, and it is so easily fixed on your end. hire a professional designer and give clients a template that says quickbooks cares about our brand too.
qb online. just upgraded from wui quickbooks pro 2011 to quickbooks online. this program is absolutely fantastic. i love the ease of receiving payments. love that i can take photos of my receipts paid to vendors. simply a great product. customer support was also wonderful in helping me get transferred from 2011
can't save invoices. love the app but after the latest update, i am no longer able to save invoices. most of my business is done through the mobile app, so this is a vital component. please remedy as soon as possible. thanks.
bad customer service. worked for a month then disconnected from my bank, so email sent, didn’t get a reply for 2 days!!!! emailed again another 3 days later i get a reply, problem with bank couldn’t be sorted so i downloaded xero, absolute pleasure to use.dont use quickbooks!!!!!!!!
best accounting app i've used. this makes my business run smooth and conveniently, i hope they bring more functionality to it still.
presently surprised. i really did not want to move away from the desktop version i purchased, back when that was a thing. however, i am really enjoying being able to create invoices, collect payments, etc. while on the go. so i suppose i will get used to this payasyougo thing ;)
latest update issues. the newest update won't allow invoices or payments to save and touch id doesn't work. doesn't anyone test their product before release, very inconvenient.
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
is an average app. is a good app but with all these update is confusing my customers and sometimes they can't pay online. i can't access it from my phone sometime. it's in and off so be warned and be patient. this is an important tool for my business.
pretty good but, but no bill entry????. i have found this to be somewhat helpful for reviewing expenses, but it would be fantastic if i was able to pay bills on the go. i would love to be able to keep my business mobile by using the camera to “scan” invoices and submit them for payment right from the app. a core function that is surprisingly absent. this is a must for future development. without it, the app just come up short...
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
worthless app. i was excited to find this app and, unfortunately, downloaded it. i really cannot figure out what is good for other than creating invoices. confusing when you open the app, it does not get better as you get into it, not that there is anything to get into. i run a small non profit & just found this app useless, except for taking up space. what a pity as i have been a qb user for years.
love this app. such a clean and well developed app for quickbooks! love it!
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
lies. absolute lies  “run your entire business”?! give me a break  they’ve completely left out the employees payroll features and it doesn’t work when you login from an ios browser. typical qbo wasting my time and money
exelent app. recomended. exelent app. recomended
i love it.. i used to have to enter in expenses and sales, but now all that stuff shows up automatically with my banks being connected. i love it!
great for my simple business. i love quickbooks online and would give it 5 stars except i send many estimates, invoices and sales receipts by email and frequently they are not received and unless i follow up i do not know they were not received. when it is sent i need the satisfaction it will be received. again i love the program.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
good for review but limited functionality. this is a subset of qb online functions good for quick checking on the business but not a working system much like the ipad version of word or powerpoint you get to do a bit but need the full version for the program to be useful
n entendi nd. tenho 17 anos, nao entendi nd, sou burra ou esse app é ruim? talvez a primeira opção, mas de qq forma n gostei
great program. quickbooks online has become the way we operate our business. it went from being an accounting system to doing work orders, job tracking and everything in between.
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
not pleased. for one i still can't redownload the app after i accidentally deleted it. it's been months. i hit the cloud button and it does nothing. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
works great. good app. works great on the road for creating fast invoices on site. great companion app for quick books am dos fully functional.
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
"good but some issues with apple. users with the customersales limited access may have problems. 3 different apple phones used and same errors appearing. ""you do not have the rights to view this information."" no problems with androids"
amazing. is a great app, i love doing all our book work from my phone. anywhere anytime. only down full is i can't do the pay run on the app or phone internet. i need a laptop or computer to do it. other than that, great!
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
"owner. i've used quickbook's desk top version for years, but went to the online version june 2015. at best, the online version is clumsy and full of frustrating quirks (maybe those ""quirks"" should be called ""bugs""). the only real plus with quicbooks online for me and my small company is being mobile. i'm adding two stars unto my rating for that."
nice app. works better than the online version
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
please add a vital function. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. adding bank deposits etc. surely it's time to add this to the app. for me it's unusable
so far so good. i've been using the app for a week and love it so far. i find it extremely easy to make invoices in the field, and also very convenient to accept payments.
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
good app. this app and software can help you track y control all your business data, in one and easy way!
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
horrible. worst company and app to deal with. had to click 1 star they are negative 5 stars
we love the qb app. one of the most useful things we have “out in the field” is our qb app that allows us to do bookkeeping by extension. probably the craziest place yet was checking qb from the pyramids of giza in egypt. it’s extremely convenient.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
forced payroll system not working. since march 2017 our payroll that they force you to pay for if you have employees has not working correctly. edd efile is non existent, cannot archive reports, and irs efile is sporadic. customer service wont credit any amount nor can they fix the problem even after “escalating” it to priority customer support. three “cases” opened, none of which fixed the problem. do not buy this product.
does the job. great app for fast results
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
general consensus. customer support for mobile app is horrible. the mobile app really needs some help. they should travel along with mobile users to see issues and frustrations that arise in the field. i am a professional but at times this app makes me look very unprofessional. the should work on offline features.
works well but can’t see inventory level in app. would be helpful if i could check inventory levels without going to web, other than that pretty handy app
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
love but.... great! except would love to be able to make a deposit with the app
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
warning: don't update to ios9.. force closes when getting signatures. software is not updated and ready for new update.
just one small bug. great app, easy to create invoices on the road and track payments. just a small bug, when i click on terms in invoice the app just crashes. other than that it's fantastic.
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
why the love. app just doenst work well  slow and just not a great experience.
great for both business and personal use. i have both complex personal and business financials and quickbooks is the best product i have used to date to track both. there is a bit of a steep learning curve to use it, but once you learn the software it is very powerful.
works for me. the system is somewhat easy to use, and works for my purposes. although it's a shame that this is the only option from quickbooks for canadian mac users. not even a desktop version is available. if you have another option besides mac, it would be cheaper to own. you could get quickbooks pro for $250 for windows desktop. or pay 1 year of quickbooks essentials for $240.
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
great app. super friendly and sweet app
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
like it better than the pc version. easy to use, categorize expenses, and use. it's actually easier to use than the full version on a laptop browser.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
do not use mobile to create your account. lost all our data on our old account because apparently if you first sign up using ios you absolutely cannot continue the subscription using your computer. had to just make a new account. you also can’t access any of the profile from the computer once the subscription runs out so i wasn’t able to download and save any of the data either. do not use mobile to create yor account.
everything i need at my fingertips. the app is great for my service business, especially when a prospective client calls needing immediate help. there is no need to head to my office to start a client file before billing them. everything can happen is seconds, on site, as they watch. and i can send them a receipt showing the balance paid before i back out of the driveway.
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
small business owner. absolutely awful. i was forced to switch to online because of a fatal error of the desktop version on mac seirra. there are so many bugs and things that aren't available on online that were on the desktop. i literally call support for 2hrs a day.
packing slip. please add option to print packing slip from the app
kevin morton. easy. not using any other software.
helpful, but limited.. it is good for a pinch, but it very limited in the interface.
a really great app. quick books is pretty much all you could ask for when running a small business. it's online so all information and invoices are accessible from any device with internet. great customisable options. only minor thing is its interface is slightly more complex than other appsprograms but once you know your way around your fine.
muito bom. pode melhorar, ainda tem muitos bugs e erros do nada. mas o principal, deveria ter opção de compartilhar e orçamento por whatsapp, visto que apenas 1% dos clientes atuías requerem email, isso inclui empresas.
crap. this update is crap. my invoices won't update with the ipad. nothing like beta testing on your customers. typical for quickbooks
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
not working after ios13 update. updated to apples latest software and this app stopped working
quickbooks. has worked very well for me, i'm new to accountinginvoicing software and cannot make comparisons. however this software saves me a great deal of time at quarter end
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
"what are you thinking qb???. when you send invoice or proposal email, it doesn't come from your email but from ""qb do not reply email address"". so if customer wants to email you back with question or addition they have to start new email thread."
great. does everything i need, and in an extremely convenient way.
a good assistant on the go. the phone app doesn't do as much as i'd like but i couldn't run my business without the software!
mobile app for online qbb has problems. today has been particularly difficult when an invoice won't save. quickbooks tells me it is safe in the cloud, but it never is. now i keep getting a message on my ipad that my log in has expired, even though i just logged in. please fix this stuff. quickbooks is great when it works,
great to app to have. loving the app. i would give it 5 stars if it was able to function the same or close to the online version.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
ios impacts the rating. it is impossible to fathom that in 2019 i cannot view andor pay sales tax on my ipad whether i use the quickbooks app or via a web browser. and how is it that i cannot enter bills on my ipad? given what intuit charges for qbo and payroll, which we use, this is totally unacceptable.
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
"communicates across platforms. i enjoy being able to enter an expense on my phone app and see it on my laptop. i have had to discontinue the ""mac app"" on my new macbook because it shuts down or tries to log in without letting me enter the password and ends up in an endless loop. i just use the web version and that seems to be ok. i wish the easy to use features on my phone were as easy on the laptop."
subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
best choice for modern businesses. quickbooks online (qbo) could be a challenge for those resistant to change, or those not looking to grow their business. but for business owners hungry for dynamic, realtime financial data to both interpret and grow their businesses, qbo is key. the combination of qbo and integrated applications (tailored to your specific industry and workflow) aid in gaining efficiencies which eliminating redundancies, manual data entry and a few other timesaving and (human error) opportunities. highly recommended.
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
so good.... love qbo! makes doing bookkeeping in the fly so easy and allows me to capture expenses on the spot!
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
deleting app from phone and reinstalling fixed crash. had crashing problems with update. deleting and reinstalling solved the problem.
great app!. very userfriendly and easy to use!
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
company owner. you can't go in an manage users unless you have a desktop version that's just not acceptable i have an ipad pro cost 3times what my computer cost it better get fixed or i am gone.very disappointed. also customer service can't help either rg
would recommend to everyone!. easily the best software to manage a small business. i am able to invoice customers with such ease that it makes me wonder why i haven't switched software platforms sooner! you can not go wrong with quickbooks. the app is so easy to navigate.
excelente app. melhor sistema e app de controle financeiro que já usei. infelizmente vou ter que mudar de sistema porque agora estou precisando controlar estoques em vários depósitos diferentes e ele ainda não faz isto.
desktop should be same as app. great app but a shame that the desktop version dies not have the same functionality
great app. works great for managing customers and invoices for our company!
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
not very user friendly.. not very user friendly. have to open the app twice every time i use it. it says critical updates required log out and log in to refresh. every. single. time. i . open. the. app. i’ve tried deleting and reinstalling multiple times. when entering receipts it could have a search box at the top of vendor list do you don’t have to ask to search every time.
great app!!!!!. great app for your business. really makes things easier and proactive. it also tracks everything
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
great app. this app makes keeping up with everything so simple!
i love it.. i used to have to enter in expenses and sales, but now all that stuff shows up automatically with my banks being connected. i love it!
needs tip option. please add tip option when customer signs credit card transaction like in go payment
great app. very good app to manage quickbooks when you are away from your desk.
great. works pretty good. can't match partial payments. those must be exact match unless il missing something
worst “upgrade” process ever!!!!. if you have self employed don’t even dream of trying to fluidly upgrade to online. they data doesn’t just migrate over. the tech support people are clueless. one sharing my screen hadn’t ever even seen what self employed looked like and had no idea how anything worked compared to online. it’s total frustration.
a great experience. this new update has just all the features required from this app and more. not just do you guys listen but act as well. kudos. the best cloud service, that can be.
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
consider other programs.... purchased quickbooks for the fact it is easy to photograph receipts and upload, which worked for about 2 weeks and now always comes up with a error.... tried reinstalling etc, still doesn’t work. useless.
great features. great features but would love if i could do sales receipts (and attach photo) and credit card refunds on the mobile app. everything works great and it's very nice having the option to use the mobile or the desktop.
qbo user. can't say i'm impressed. sure, it has your company info in it. but the most important functionality for a mobile user is time tracking. but there is no way to enter time on the run, in this app, that i can see.
many issues.... most of the time they come up with an update it does not work well after we update the app. they should test this updates before releasing it.
handy and convenient.. i love this app. it is easy to use and always have it all at office when you go to do bookkeeping there. reports may be something to add so i could we what customer owe me. thx
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
losing functionality with every update. the latest update the passcode no longer allows the user to login, instead a fulllength password is necessary. why they keep removing functionality is beyond me. the analytics is useless, this company needs to collaborate better between teams, mint & quickbooks, it looks like completely separate companies make each app. :(
so easy when travelling. i travel all over australia for my business and with qb i can do what i need to bookkeeping wise from anywhere. very easy to use once setup.
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
way to much money for the service don't buy into claims. never is up to date loads so slow a total waist of money.
great. great app!!
usefull but limited feature. the mobile version is usefull, fastr than desktop, but its very limited feature. there is no stock information, no account reports, need more improvement..
kerry pabian. are you kidding me !!! app is crashing on my ipad since the update ! why do you always do updates right before its time to do billing ?
just as simple as we could even think !!!!!. this app according to me is best as it's not that complicated and makes my business easy, i've not used any other accounting app so i consider this very easy for any layman who is not very good in accounting. it could have had few more options like individual job closing so to get more accurate and decrease the paper work.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
quickbooks online. i wish the app was easier and more full functional but then the whole online product is sorely lacking relative to the old offline product. saas makes such a difference for smbs but intuit has missed the boat on the cloudbased solution. ugh!!
real convenient. it's a big time saver. i'm able to send invoices from anywhere. that alone has allowed me to get paid quicker.
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
on track. keeping track of daily expenditure, and the performance of my business is so much easier with this app.
good but. have had issues logging in or not accepting password
please: give us delayed charge already!. a new update, and still no delayed charge feature. how many times do we have to ask? for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
great for small business owners.. awesome app. very convenient and keeps the finances and work orders organized. takes some trial and error but well worth the effort to learn this system. you tube has many instructional videos on how to expedite learning this program. price is reasonable for what you get. don't hesitate to get it. if anything you will learn something.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
updates that don’t install. and yet they won’t a install once again on ios you would think it people would get it
qb online has changed the way we do business. qb online has changed the way we do business. we own a pottery studio, and do not have a fulltime bookkeeper. as a small business owner that employs only my husband and myself, qb online with apps for iphone and ipad, have made bookkeeping quicker. it has also improved our estimate and invoice system.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
small business. the use of quick books has helped me in my invoicing and tracking of my expenses. i have learned to apply the app to my work. waking away with a signature and sending the invoice on the costumers dime is nice.
where's the touch password?. i use keychain so my quickboks password on my mac is super random, with dashes and strange symbols. i use quickbooks on my iphone so i can quickly add expenses when on the road and don't have a mac nearby. please add the touch password feature back in so the iphone app is convenient again.
please fix. please fix the issues with signing in. i am often told it is unavailable, try again later. also, it's not multiuser friendly!! love to have this app work for a simple business. please fix bugs!!
works great. business on the go! i wish there where a few more options, but all in all great app.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
updates have made it horrible. i love using the online version. the august updates however have tanked the app. it is no longer sharing information between my iphone, ipad, and mac. the sorting feature of estimates is now gone ( pending, accepted, closed) it only shows in last changed order, not good when working with 3 month or longer history. on a positive note, i do like the photo modification for the iphone. it no longer adds to my photo album, just imports to quickbooks.
easy and friendly. so far i am enjoying the app and it's easy to understand platform
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
good software, terrible support. it's a pity the software both here and online is let down by the worst support i've ever experience for a paid service. in ireland only email support is given, and emails are not responded to for 3+ working days, sometimes not at all. also issues are not resolved. i've had the same problem since joining the service 4 months ago which has never been resolved and when i repeat my contact weekly nothing is progressed. shame
life is easier. this app has made invoicing for my business easier and more mobile. i no longer have to be in the office to create estimates, invoices, receive payments, etc... perfect for my marketing business!
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
the worst customer service ever. don’t waist your time. trust my word
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
very good app. :)
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
hate it. hard to use waste of time and money
love it for our small businesses. love using quickbooks for both our small businesses! makes collecting our invoices and communicating with our customers super easy!
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
bad user interface. the service doesn’t fully integrate with mobil usage. paying for the payroll service and can’t even use it. garbage, waste of money.
incredible. totally simplified my accounting.. i switched from sage to qbo and have not looked back. easy to setup and learn. can send invoices from my phone in seconds. i recommend it to everyone i know!!
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
no recurring transactions. why the hell would you make an app if it can't do any thing but read. i want to edit recurring transactions; edit and send invoices; and see every report. this is absolutely stupid, just sign in from a browser.
quick books. love this app. very easy to use!
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
phone app fail. what ever opinion you have of qbo ... the phone app fails. it will not let you see the estimates and invoices for a customer. they exist, in your system but they do not show up in the app. everything else.... any other feature discussion... it's all irrelevant. if you can't view basic customer info, the app fails.
great app. i love using this as i am away from the office it's so easy to use via phone or tablet
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
too many glitches. i love quickbooks and i love that they have an app but there are a lot of glitches in the performance. the screen goes blurry, logs you completely out of the system inconveniently, customer list is unlined with the screen, there are more but minor.
the essential app. who thought being on top of your accounts would be so much fun. benefit from the experience of the pioneers. you will be impressed to see how easy it is to use. trial this and you will thank your self for doing so.
great, but not quite perfect!. i love quickbooks. there are a lot of features that really make running my business a lot easier. however, while i can put in negative amounts using my computer or phone, i cannot while on my ipad. some attorneys will split the bill, but i cannot deduct by using negative amounts to show the full amount minus the amount due by the other party. i also miss being able to customize the invoice like we could before the update.
keeps crashing. i am on an iphone 6s and running the most recent ios. every time i try to accept my transactions in my bank account, i get through a few then the app shuts down.
brilliant app with loads of features!. so easy to use. so easy to learn. instant bank feeds. invite your accountant & bookkeeper & other users. so much support from intuit & the australian team. what's not to like? intuit have put together a great product for the small to medium business owner. thoroughly recommend this product.
very useful!. this app is very useful for my small internet cafe business. i can track anytime my sales and expenses. reports are generated realtime, no need to wait for your accountant. the app needs to improve the touch id system because it requires you to input the password after you have closed the app.
great but.......... i want to not be bothered with pop ups asking me to rate the app. this is a tool to use for business. i don’t want ads and pop ups continually having to be closed in order to work
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
avoid merchant service. avoid at all cost the merchant services. they preapprove you and then hold on your money for a month before forcing you to refund each transaction you processed with them. i had to call 6 times 1 hour each time and it is still not fixed. they are still holding the funds and it’s been more than a full month. terrible customer service.
limited but powerful. the quickbooks app for the ipad works well with the online system. some limitations are inherent with the app that you have to go to the web based system from the desktop to accomplish. you can't create a statement with dunning notices, but you can send the invoice! from the job site, a quick invoice to the client helps improve cash flow and enhance customer relations.
not bad. has some issues ... no consistency in how you log in ... one day by 4 digit pin , 1 hour later it wants the full email & password followed by a 6 digit pin via confirmation email . try to match payments incorrectly when the deposit clearly states who it's from ... 😳🔫 does do a good job with the bank feeds ... mostly .
quickbooks online app. although i do like quickbooks online, the mobile app version is horrible. i downloaded and logged in and it did give me my balance sheet, but said i had no expenses, i could not find a way to put in a journal entry and other reports showed zeros as well. i deleted it from my ipad and will just use the nonapp version ( which you need google chrome vs safari to work properly not a big deal but a bit odd).
love it.. i love this app. easy to use and is pretty reliable within little downtime. however i would like more options like inclusion of sku numbers and the ability to pay for subscriptions within the app.
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
wonderful app. this is a great way to keep books. thank you.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
please update to support iphone x. please update to support iphone x
great app. the only thing i would change is making the app run things like the “report” section so that i could view profit and loss in categories such as “classes” or ‘’cashaccural” and add the ability to view and record sales tax payments. other than that this app is amazing and i don’t know how i would run my business without it.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
doesn’t work like the app on a pc. the fact that the apps are not the same on a pc than on the ipad or mobile is frustrating. can’t see running totals on the register, can’t add transactions the same way, etc. and the kicker is the website version doesn’t work at all on the ipad, can’t scroll through the register because scroll bars are absent in chrome or safari. horrible adaptation and makes the ipad useless to conduct accounting business with quickbooks...
great to app to have. loving the app. i would give it 5 stars if it was able to function the same or close to the online version.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
logs me off all the time. app is constantly requires entering password even with touchid enabled. not sure what the point of touchid is if a password is required
st. loui's pizza. thank you for your amazing support throughout my business ventures. being my first small steps into this lifestyle, i can proudly say you have discovered the 'easy way to run a business'. leaving me more time to do what i love! xx
great app but signs you out a lot. this is a great app and it works almost perfect but there's one really annoying issue. the app signed you out a lot and doesn't give you the option of entering back in with touch id but rather having to annoyingly enter your password. please fix this as touch id makes life so much more convenient rather than entering your password. doesn't always happen but more often than it should.
not overly user friendly. no payroll on mobile, ipad or online site via ipad which is very disappointing and not at all helpful in onsite situations. update to include payroll in these instances would be great but fairly useful tool otherwise
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
working good for me.. the qb online is what i have started with. i use the app and pc to access it. so far so good. i also notice how often qb's is updating and i have watched this version evolve over the last 3 years. my bookkeepers and accountant like it for my needs. i do not use payroll. every time i have called customer service i have had attentive reps.
almost usless. the app does not show all the info like logging in from a pc. also scrolling up or down on a page is very glitchy. quickbooks has a lot of work to do on making this app useful.
great app to run my business. easy invoicing have app set up and operating in less then 30 min
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
terrible. qbo is probably the worst software i've used since the late 1990's. it is full of bugs, feature shortcomings, and poor support. we've been working with their certified professionals for months and they barely know how the online version works. i'd strongly recommend using any other accounting platform.
great app. the app is great for on the move and for keeping you up to date on invoice payments, you believe you can invoice from the app but we only use it for day to day updates
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
all but useless. i love qbo but the app is useless. it’s like a completely separate universe where nothing shows up as set up in qbo. reports are limited and custom reports aren’t there. i can’t see something basic like checkbook register.
great app. qb app is great and it's only improving. i can't wait to see how this app will operate in a year.
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
last update. after the last update i take a picture of my receipt, hit save and then the app closes down. then i have to login again. please fix this. my receipts are really piling up.
great app.. not as good as desktop. its amazing app and each update is awesome. but it's not as near the desktop in terms of functionality. overall, if you use quickbooks then its a must have..
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
great. great app easy to use and all but needs a mileage tracker logbook like the quickbooks self employed has
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
love online access. i love that i can access from anywhere. i like the desktop version better than the online version, but still a good program for a small business.
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
totally useless. as a long time quickbooks user i thought this might be for me. after many frustrating hours trying to figure it out and the seeming absence of help i’m just going to delete it and cancel my subscription. as i said a total waste of time
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app.
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
pretty good but no international customers?. the vendors that are set up as eu or other don't show up on interface, a problem when half your business is international. also, entering invoices is cumbersome, only use for extreme circumstances. but nice to have something that partially functions when on the run.
very powerful tool. the app is really nice and efficient. will get even better when the ability to create a credit note is made available on both ios and android devices. i really don't understand why this must have feature has not been added yet. thanks!
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
it’s having to log in constantly. i’ve been having a really problem with my ipad six generation lately, anytime i exit the app while writing up a quote and bounce backandforth between the information i need to enter into quickbooks. the app suffers a critical crash causing me to login several times with in an hour span. are there any bug fixes coming up? i suffer the same issue with my iphone xr and ipad pro.
great app. this app  software really saves my life.
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
pretty good 9 months in. really good, can't do pay roll or vat reports on the app but just about everything else. photo receipts for expenses and checking received payments. very useful. f
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
customer info inaccurate. customer info not synced with online version
amazing. this app is a life saver! started my own hvac company in march of 2015 and this is the only app i use for keeping track of finances, invoicing, payroll and taxes. it really makes running my business as easy as possible! love it, thanks quickbooks!!
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
"don't download latest version!!. software was great before the latest update. now, no more touchid support, no ability to email invoices. we all remember what apple did with the maps mess, i wonder if intuit will have the testicular fortitude to ""can"" the person who attempted to update the already good software?"
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
crashing. i’ve had constant trouble with this app crashing on me off and on for months. now it doesn’t work at all, even after i deleted the app and redownloaded it. no one can help me.
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus! i only wish this app would allow me to process ach and credit card payments on the fly!
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
poor banking interface. really poor app when it comes to banking and customer invoices.
best app. amazing!
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
good app and great support. easy to use although experienced problem with vat rate not being editable in online desktop version. intuit' response was really quick and efficient and friendly. highly recommend.
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
"cumbersome. cumbersome and clunky to deal with. constantly checking to make sure i'm not a robot. security is appreciated but this is ridiculous and really slows me down. used to be good but got updatedtweaked""improved"" past the point of being useful. now i dread having to use it."
excellent. the app is a great supplement to the online version when i'm on the road. i easily make customer invoices, add expenses that i have purchased. nothing is lost or forgotten. great way to keep everything up to date
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
beautifully done. i have recently made the switch from quickbooks desktop to quickbooks online and this app gives me more than i could ever need when i am out meeting with clients!
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
functional with problems. the latest update took away the ability to choose territory in the app even though using a web browser does. i contacted intuit to report the problem. very nice but nothing has been done to fix it. also, common reports aren't available in the app.
review. not quite as intuitive as i expected but otherwise useful app
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
unusable after new update. virtually unusable after new update. worked well before that.
great app!. very useful and convenient app.
issues with addresses being in window of envelope. i used to be able to print off invoices and mail them to customers by folding in thirds. now i have to fold a special way to get the address to appear in the windows of the envelope.
major flaw  can’t add receipts to expenses. no dropbox or photo option. they advertise this system as super easy and convenient. you can’t add receipts from photos or dropbox. that makes the ‘add attachment ‘ pretty much pointless. i take a picture of an expense receipt but 0 way of adding it ... seriously. who designed this app.???
great to use on the go!. love this app. i use it alongside the website, this is on my phone. it's not as easy to navigate around as the website but it's not intended to use totally on its own. i love being able to send invoices whilst doing other things  really helps me to consolidate my time.
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
app says i don’t have an account. the desktop app and now the ios app don’t work. and accessing quickbooks online from the ios browser is a poor experience. from reading other reviews, this seems to be a known issue that has no resolution to date.
everything i need at my fingertips. the app is great for my service business, especially when a prospective client calls needing immediate help. there is no need to head to my office to start a client file before billing them. everything can happen is seconds, on site, as they watch. and i can send them a receipt showing the balance paid before i back out of the driveway.
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
doesn't refresh, date filtering doesn't work. does not reliably refresh and load new data, no matter how many times you close and reopen. it only does it when it wants. date filtering for reports is non functioning. will only generate reports for the period from jan 1 to present. even if you select new date filters, it still loads jan 1 to present.
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
not bad. categorising expenses has been incredibly time consuming to say the least. once you have your data in order you can start to make some decent reports but just getting over that initial hump is frustrating. shortening loadsave times along with better tabular data editing tools would make a big difference.
problems with touch id. the touch id feature has a lot problems, doesn't work properly, please fix it
easy to use, innovative and mobile friendly. we have been using qb at australiance.com for almost a year and i would not go back to my previous accounting software. the interface with paypal works well and save heaps of time for our online sales. it s easy to create expenses (e.g. business lunches etc), quotes or invoices on the go with the app + always know your bank account position as it interfaces directly with it.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
portable. great app for running a business on the road. i wish it had progressive invoicing....but overall i am happy.
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
app does not open. after the latest update, the app does not open. it has been a real inconvenience.
latest update rocks. now you get your bank feeds in the app, so you can easily process your incoming payments and expenses. the only thing missing is the ability to attach a file during that process. hope it's something that will be included in a future update.
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
needs more features. we need to be able to use this like the computer version reconciling and printing checks and deposit slips and it's slow
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
handy phone app. the iphone app has come in very handy for creating quick estimates on the road or adjusting existing quotes in the go
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
been a lifelong customer. been with qb's for as long as i've own my own business, they have grown with my continuous expanding company needs and highly recommend them. one request would be to be able to view salesreports on my iphone if it would be possible.
bom. mas por favor criem a opção de exportar o orçamento direto pelo whatsapp 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
quickbooks  issues and problems. i thought this may be reputable like the brand. boy am i surprised. can't even call to get proper support. they think that a 48 hours turnaround on a request is acceptable these days...for your important accounting software. give others a look first, this online version is lacking what the desktop has.
great for mobile. i have enjoyed using the app. has what i need for most part.
where's the touch password?. i use keychain so my quickboks password on my mac is super random, with dashes and strange symbols. i use quickbooks on my iphone so i can quickly add expenses when on the road and don't have a mac nearby. please add the touch password feature back in so the iphone app is convenient again.
terrible app. this app is not even close to what you expect it does not do what your quick books does. there is no way to change product descriptions without having to rewrite the whole item. it does not link to quick books in trial mode and not sure if i want to pay for this service. bottom line this is not what you would expect i think they are still working the bugs out buy some other app.
user friendly. quickbooks has saved me so much time and stress! i have a small business and tried excel and failed miserably. but when i switched to quickbooks it took me no time to figure out it could do everything i needed and more! also the customer service is wonderful, anytime i have called for help because i'm terrible at technology they walk me through step by step without making me feel stupid. i'm so happy i switched to quickbooks!!!
qbo user. can't say i'm impressed. sure, it has your company info in it. but the most important functionality for a mobile user is time tracking. but there is no way to enter time on the run, in this app, that i can see.
not just yet..... still have to enter my password every time i open the app. touch id or app pin don't work. ipad and iphone data isn't identical. this is so annoying.... especially in front of customers!! tired of wasting my time. update: deleted the app and reinstalled it to see if that made a difference. touch id works for now. will update after some use. bumped from 2stars to 3stars. update same day: already back to manually enter in in password. 2 stars.
awesome app. as a small business owner i'm constantly on the go. this app is amazing. with very little effort i can quickly add a new client create an invoice and get paid how i want.
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
limited features. good app but still too many features missing that require logging in to the website. e.g. vat and paying salaries as expenses.
satisfied customer. i'm a new user of qb app, and like what i see so far. it's easy to use and is a great asset to help keep my finances straight. it's worth the $10 per month.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
crap. this app is a piece of crap my dad got it on our computer.when u scroll it goes the opposite way and there is also a bunch of other crap. i would. it recommend getting this
great app. makes life easy. one addition will make it perfect. add journal entry to the app.
bom. mas por favor criem a opção de exportar o orçamento direto pelo whatsapp 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 3 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank. the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
excelente app. melhor sistema e app de controle financeiro que já usei. infelizmente vou ter que mudar de sistema porque agora estou precisando controlar estoques em vários depósitos diferentes e ele ainda não faz isto.
terrible. this software is absolutely horrible. on all platforms.
ability to do transfers. good app just wish i could do transfers between my bank accounts the same as the online version.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
"don't download latest version!!. software was great before the latest update. now, no more touchid support, no ability to email invoices. we all remember what apple did with the maps mess, i wonder if intuit will have the testicular fortitude to ""can"" the person who attempted to update the already good software?"
great app. so easy for me to bill from anywhere.
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
functionality bugs. app works pretty well but have noticed a lot of features do not work from time to time. the logo for instance does not allow me for the past few days to upload or make changes. then all of sudden it may work or process. other then that the app seems to work great and fast.
step in the right direction. took intuit quite a while to develop this product. glad to see that they made something for the ipad. this however is still very limited as far as employees, printing check, payroll things like that. but it's a step in the right direction. keep working on it!
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
it's ok not bad. it does the primary functions fine. gives you a decent insight with the new dashboard. one glitch is that it shows deleted invoices as past due.
quick accounting. works great , makes life a lot simpler getting invoices in and keeping a tally on pending jobs .
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
not enough. can’t do everything from app. they say it’s better, but it can’t be if i can’t access everything i need, makes the app pointless.
best accounting software. best investment made so far on quickbooks and the app just excels... this is really awesome :) big ups intuit
good by minor issues. works good in keeping up to date with customers and collections of money. sometimes has issues trying to log in.
needs a lot of improvement. missing a lot of features and information available with the web browser connection. can't see vendor history. can't sort how inboxes etc are listed. a few other issues. freezes often. in the middle of invoice entry, the system bounced me out for some reason, while not saving the work i had entered to date. did that twice. before i closed out and went to pc web connection. i love the possibility this app offers, development need to fix and enhance
customer service is great.. had a little trouble setting up called customer service and they got me up and running.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
update is horrible!. i've been using qb online app for a long time. and it seem like the app finally had started to improve and now this latest update has caused some great frustration. i do not recommend updating totally get these glitches resolved.
top notch. easy to use and super convenient!
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
can’t record invoice payments. i upgraded my phone from an iphone 8 plus to an xr running ios 13. i installed the quickbooks app from the apple store. when i try to record invoice payments, i get the following error: qbm.error.00001160.reason.iphone i have not found any articles about this error online.
excellent program. i am so impressed with this new app, it is very easy to use and very helpful for my construction business. i don't even have to go to the office to make an invoice i can do it right in my truck on my phone and send it. i can check on expenses... it's a breeze and worth the time to get to know this app and online program.
5050. good tool but it's slow in the network and chews threw battery.
junk.. not great. doesn't support photos. i guess thats to be expected from intuit. always a little behind the game. don't bother with support either they are worse. i have had my ipad cleared twice by their support. inventory and all. wonder why the go payments cant work like an invoicing system. talk about the blind leading the blind!
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
not helpful. this app doesn't help me. i get errors every time i try to match or categorize a transaction from my bank. it's useless for me.
absolutely fantastic!. this app is incredible. having been using for 6 months, and it has revolutionised the way we are able to do business. so easy to setup, use and understand. i highly recommend to anyone that needs an easy orderinvoicesales system for their business.
good but. have had issues logging in or not accepting password
broken app. latest update broke it. app will no longer launch and immediately crashes. now looking at alternatives.
great app. great app
pretty good. pretty good for mobile version. would like to see easier to read interface. rating should be 3.5 because when adding payments you can't assign to bank account and then you have to log back in from desktop and fix which gets old.
app problems. app keeps crashing haven’t been able to create invoices for days
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
great app. saved me hours of paperwork, great app 👍
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
every update breaks it. first off would like to say i love this program. works well for our business. the problem is that every update tends to break the software. i'm unable to create invoices on my ipad air 2 or iphone 6 plus. trying to select an item for the invoice (ie. general labour or equipment) doesn't work. hopefully will be fixed soon then i'll update the stars.
coowner. most of our business is at the customer sites and this app makes real invoicing, estimating and other accounting possible right at the customer site. it's constantly improving, too.
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
good. so far so good. wish more things were accessible on the app.
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
fee increase is a bad deal. fees increased but same services rendered. otherwise it’s a decent app. i’m disappointed that they get people to invest all there invoices and history in app and program then up the fees in them nearly double. can’t trust a company that does that to ya.
j'aime. très bonne logicielle pour les petits entreprises
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
average. like the app when it works. every so often there's a glitch. and it takes time for them to fix. customer service just can't help.
money making on the move. every version gets better and better. i almost exclusively use the iphone app for all my billing and banking needs. so happy i switched years ago and no longer have to wait to get back to the office to bill the clients. i get paid right away, credit cards and all. thanks qb.
can't save invoices. love the app but after the latest update, i am no longer able to save invoices. most of my business is done through the mobile app, so this is a vital component. please remedy as soon as possible. thanks.
horrible and near useless. often doesn't sync properly with online version, customers and invoices disappear, crashes often. basically... find another solution because this one will only drive you insane.
great. great app, great software all around for my small business!
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
useless app. mileage tracking is grossly inaccurate, way too many inadequacies and limitations on the invoicing and accounting features. this app is a joke. i tried it for several months and have lost money as a result of it's shortcomings. the positive reviews here must be fake. do your research and search the web for accurate reviews. i recommend everlance as a better option.
user. good app but needs more features
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
crashes when trying take credit cards. crashing on 2018 ipad pro. multiple times
best app i've used!. i started my small business with quickbooks and i was able todo everything in one application! from sale receipts, expenses, lodging gst and more. i would highly recommend quickbooks to all business owners
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
keeps getting more user friendly!. the new video tutorials make it easy to learn. the portability of switching between the mobile app and the desktop version online is a priceless feature, thanks for all of your hard work!
as a cpa, i think qboa is by far the best of the big three. it's better organised then myob and xero and accepts wpns which neither xero or myob will. the fact that it's half their price makes it an absolute winner
useless out in the field can't work off line. useless out in the field can't work off line and constantly wants you to refresh data. does not support star portable printers. waist of space on cell phone gave it a second try useless creating a invoice have to use search window to find items. had to go use desktop instead of my ipad pro because would of took all night to do a invoice.
a very useful application. i find it quite convenient to be able to enter expenses from my phone and include photographs receipts when i am on the go. i use quickbooks online and although the app is limited in some respects as far as functionality goes the limits that other reviewers have discussed has not affected my business at all. i like it a lot :)
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
makes it easy. i love the easy to use format and more professional looking invoices and estimates. and the format saves me a lot of time filling out forms. before i was hand writing the estimate, scanning and then emailing from my computer at home. qb does all that from my phone. it works very well for my small business.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
report must show sales receipts as well. reports must show sales receipts as well and not only invoices. qb allows you to generate sales receipts for customers who paid at the point of sale, hence the report functionality in the app must show these receipts as sales otherwise, the whole report is meaningless. also, more basic reports are needed such as p&l, balance sheet, suppliers, transactions....etc. thx anyway.
pretty good. i've been using qb for years to run my small auto repair business. the latest qbo and phone app are pretty good. like the interface. easy to use. only complaint is if i have no internet connection i'm dead in the water. being mobile is occasionally an issue.
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
can't update credit card. i don't have access to a computer with chrome, they don't support ie 8 anymore so i can't update my credit card. so i download the app to see that my account is suspended due to wrong expiration date on my credit card but you can't update in the app. this blows and is useless
awsome. easy to use just take the time to set it up best software for small business
could be better. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
needs a lot of work. very disappointing they removed card payment facility, only reason i went with quickbooks over xero. also don't try and do anything within app or your accounts will get into a right mess (things like match a payment or transfer) you will end up with duplicate transactions that can only be deleted by logging into web client. upsetting the company that all those years ago changed the industry (and took on sage) have failed so badly.
cheap & easy. this program is cheaper than other accounting software & is easy to use.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
disappointing. seemed a great idea  since the mobile website has serious limitations through safari. but the functionality of this is quite pathetic. no p&l. no balance sheet  even for limited periods of recent time. pretty much it's a list of journalregister activity. basically useless for me. i hope others find something valuable.
great app!. only complaint is i wish i could create a invoice and with the total job and then invoice for a smaller amount keeping the job total on the same invoice if that makes sense. no other complaints. overall i would recommend to anyone!
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
great support but app is flawed. i have several companies setup on one login. this was done by qb themselves but it keeps crashing, stalling or telling me there is a fault. also don't choose 'other' as business type as list of income and expenditure categories is massively reduced and you will have to add the ones you want manually. customer service is excellent but i shouldn't need to know this!
very good. the app works well i would say that it is easier to use and better than quick books online. (i do understand that the online has to do more) it links well with online and being able to photograph receipts and invoices and applying them to the relevant file is great.
working good for me.. the qb online is what i have started with. i use the app and pc to access it. so far so good. i also notice how often qb's is updating and i have watched this version evolve over the last 3 years. my bookkeepers and accountant like it for my needs. i do not use payroll. every time i have called customer service i have had attentive reps.
no time tracking. our organization relies heavily on the time tracking functionality and the app does not support this. when you try to access the site to do the time tracking you are forced to use the mobile version of the site which does not support time tracking either.
cool app. very convenient, i'm yet to use it to its fullest, but i love the way it alerts me to payments i need to make or should have received. very happy.
mohammed salman 6s. superb app all ledger's are in just my pocket my request is to app developer suppliers options suppliers balance
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
best small business tool ever!. this has been the best business tool for my sole proprietorship. my accountant also loves it as she can prepare my taxes with ease. i couldn't have made it without quickbooks, or at least maintained my sanity.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
buggy app. doesn’t even open, tried many times opening it on my iphone x for weeks. it doesn’t even open the app and there hasn’t been an update to fix that for ages. unable to use it on my phone and having to use it on my laptop which i don’t always have it on hand. please fix this issue.
so far so good 👍🏻😃. software is straight forward and easy to use and if you are unsure, the support team explain everything.
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
app freezes. since updating my iphone to 13.0 the quickbooks app freezes once it opens. at this point it is completely useless.
expenses are easy to track. simple way to track expenses when out and about
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
i need support no one available. i need support trying to do payroll but no one at qb is available. not a very good way to run this business!
quickbooks mobile app. awesome app that let's me quickly and easily access and review what is happening at my business especially when i am away!
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
quickbooksjoist sync. none of this is working at all. for a company that does bookkeeping it’s ironic that i’ve been charged twice in less than thirty days for a trial period!! none of my invoices are synced, estinates are counted as revenue and quikboojs is stating my 90 day old business has 1000 net profit!! not even remotely possible! this is incredibly frustrating and so i have to work on this on my only day to rest. ridiculous!! do not use this app
easy and convenient. so far start of the new trial and will definitely renew. very simple and easy to use. great how you can use the app or computer and it all updates quickly.
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
crashes on ipad3. i have never had a problem with the quickbooks app until this update. it crashes and will not open on my ipad 3.
highly recommended. it saves me a lot time from working on invoices and so. it help me on whenever i need it, i just have to take out my phone and i'm able to use what i need to.
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
won’t load in ios 13. need an update. ios 13 crashes. won’t load.
fabulous. such a pleasure to use for both myself & my clients. thanks qbo.
latest update crashing on iphone 7. great improvements in the app. extra features are a great bonus. well done. on iphone 7 the app crashes when upon opening banking is selected. i've reproduced 5 times.
update ruined app. crashes constantly and that when you can get in. half the time it’s ‘downloading company data’ and won’t let you do anything. i find this making it actually harder to run my business.
new and improved. i waited a long time to change over to the online version per the advice of my accountant. it was worth the wait. it's a much better version and easier than the regular version of qb
my company has grown with quickbooks. i logged in my first invoice in quickbooks the summer of 2001 when i started my first business. over the years, i have not used any other software other than.
slow. can be great and convenient but it can also be very slow (just like the online version). won't always let you edit invoices through the app.
expenses are easy to track. simple way to track expenses when out and about
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
terrible. terrible. the support can't even figure it out.
highly recommend. i highly recommend this app. i run my business with quickbooks online and use this app daily. i use it to create estimates and invoices mostly but also look up look up costumers balances and run reports.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
not userfriendly. extremely difficult to print statements & batch them
continuous improvements appreciated. keep the updates and enhancements coming!
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
limited compared to quickbooks desktop. quickbooks online is just ok. it has some limits that did not exist in the desktop version. a lot of them have to do with assisted payroll. for example, the app does not tell you each pay period how much of a contribution to pay towards simple ira's and give you a chance to indicate whether they were paid. it just assumes it was done without giving you any notice. other limitations make it just ok.
fantastic qb's app. this app is great! works just as good, if not better, as the desktop version. to me it seems even more user friendly & it is just so convenient when on the go. definitely download! it works so well, i decided to pay the monthly fee to use it.
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
great app, easy to use. love being able to manage my business on the go. could use more features, but it's still a great app and quickbooks is always updating it. :)
quickbooks online. the app can be frustrating at times to use, not enough flexibility. can't make up its mind wether to ask me to sign in or use finger print login. need option to control where deposits go.
where’s my po’s.... vendor access is very limited.. need to be able to access full vendor info and functions. app falls short on the vendor side.
life saver. apart from the fact i have to input my password every time, this app is a great compliment to the version i use on my laptop. so easy to use, can invoice on the spot. very happy.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
clumsy, error prone, price has doubled.. not a completely trash service, but it hasn’t gotten any better despite company promises. price has doubled since i initially joined. ipad app bugged, today i tried to enter an invoice payment, no joy. tried to leave service last year and the year before. exporting info was a nightmare, and impossible on mac, effectively leaving me held hostage. cancelling service at end of year as i’d rather try a different online accounting or simply go with a desktop version.
great app. coming from microsoft office, i enjoy quickbooks so much. it is so mobile and easy to use. there have been a few questions i had, but a quick search led me to the answer. i recommend the program and the app.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
great app. yet again another update and even more glitches, you charge a fortune and cannot provide a decent service  i’m considering switching to a competitor as you have breached the contract that you have with me. this needs fixing urgently and you need to refund subscription fees! my advice to businesses and the selfemployed is do not use quickbooks!
it's happening. the quickbook people are really developing this app and there complete system, from a very poor beginning the app is is really strong now and very functional, please keep up the good work quickbooks people. highly recommended book keeping system.
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
couldn’t get past sign up!. i downloaded the app and started the “freetrial” setup. it asked for my business name, then my countryregion. when i tapped to enter countryregion, it gave no options. it was blank and did not bring up keyboard for manual entry. so i can’t even use it.
excellent and easy to use. fantastic app would recommend it to anyone that asks
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
awesome cloud computing. this is great! i’ll never have to worry about whether or not i have a valid backup of my company data (as i did on the desktop version). my data is safely in the cloud and accessible to me from any device with internet access that i choose! tracking of income and expense easy here through the mobile app with access to reconciliation on the full web version. easy to use!
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
quickbooks online app. although i do like quickbooks online, the mobile app version is horrible. i downloaded and logged in and it did give me my balance sheet, but said i had no expenses, i could not find a way to put in a journal entry and other reports showed zeros as well. i deleted it from my ipad and will just use the nonapp version ( which you need google chrome vs safari to work properly not a big deal but a bit odd).
smooth app. love it and would never switch.
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
forced payroll system not working. since march 2017 our payroll that they force you to pay for if you have employees has not working correctly. edd efile is non existent, cannot archive reports, and irs efile is sporadic. customer service wont credit any amount nor can they fix the problem even after “escalating” it to priority customer support. three “cases” opened, none of which fixed the problem. do not buy this product.
awesome. this app is great and extremely helpful with my small business. it saves a lot of time and work. not only do i find it very resourceful but it's easy to use. customizing my invoices and estimates is probably the best part of the application aside from it allowing me to check my profit and loss. i recommend this app to any user, especially a business owner.
missing my favorite feature of quickbooks. i have used quickbooks for about 25 years and the best feature was the find button. the way you could specify by date, invoice, customer name. i have searched for it and can't find it. if i'm overlooking it please let me know where. it's how i proceed with everything i do and it makes it very quick! please help or add this feature.
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
super easy. great app and accounts program  easy to use after a small amount of training. so far i haven’t come across any of those annoying bugs you get in other accounts apps
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
sorely disappointed. intuit made good products maybe even great products at one time. now their cloud offerings a just released with out any concern for features and bugs. disappointed. somebody has gotten to big to care about their customers.
great app. intuit is rewiting the eay we do accounting and genera finance for small companies, keep it ip
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
complement to quickbooks online. this app is a complement to quickbooks online. this apple really work good for making estimates sending invoices and much more. i wish gopayment and quickbooks online were integrated or as one. other than that, great app.
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
mileage tracking horrible. the mileage tracking is an absolute nightmare. stop trying to use my current locating and let me actual choose the locations i have saved. so, frustrating when your trying to bounce from job to job.
great app. first time business owner and have to say it's a great way to stay organized
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
weak on the vendor side. great app but needs some improvements ( example when recording an expense, this app does not have the capability of recording the item count you spending for example ( 50 gallons of diesel * $3.25 = total) this app can't do this. very weak on the billing and statement for vendors
owner. great mobile app, keeps my company on the move!
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
signing out.... ugh this app keeps signing me out in the middle of my work.. please fix this soon. 😞
can invoice from anywhere. i can start invoices at the gym and finish them at the office ! no longer putting things off and forgetting about them we love it!
james. love it!! we run our business on this,,
app stopped loading after ios update. please fix
excellent tool. the industry benchmark. does exactly what i need  and on the fly too!
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
pdf note on ipad. why can't we add a pdf note on ipad app. i can do it by accessing desktop version on ipad. but it's a pain doing it that way. it would be simpler to add that option to the app. come on guys keep up with the technology. quit lagging behind.
great functionality!. i have been a qb desktop user for many years. the new online version is really simple. i am still working to find the pieces i know in the desktop version, but all the basics are there. found some good you tube videos to help me learn. love the connection to my banking.
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
small business owner. absolutely awful. i was forced to switch to online because of a fatal error of the desktop version on mac seirra. there are so many bugs and things that aren't available on online that were on the desktop. i literally call support for 2hrs a day.
qb online. quickbooks online is awesome and easy to use, having customer information on your mobile phone help save time money and keeps you aware of who has paid and who hasn’t paid anywhere you go, it’s very easy to print invoices to a wifi printer.
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
progress billing & payroll. those two items alone differentiate this on line accounting software from all the others. their tech support is always helpful. progress billing is done through projects, it’s getting better, the use ability is getting better. this also allows project costing. 👍🏻👍🏻
great for my simple business. i love quickbooks online and would give it 5 stars except i send many estimates, invoices and sales receipts by email and frequently they are not received and unless i follow up i do not know they were not received. when it is sent i need the satisfaction it will be received. again i love the program.
half way. all i really want is something i can scan in my receipts with. they say they have this feature but they don’t. even the free wave accounting app has this feature and now i’m left wondering what the point of paying for this service is with an alternative such as wave.. not looking like i’ll be bothering to continue after this free trial if they can’t compete with a free alternative otherwise quite functional.
awesome. such a great package. it made my life so easy with the phone app that i can raise invoices and quotes on the go. it also makes your business look heaps bigger and professional by having proper invoicing that allows taking signature on quotes too. loving it.
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
overpriced and does not have all the features i use and need. look elsewhere for accounting software.
great app and the best accountancy system so far.. i've tested many different products from competitors and quick books is the best so far. i've used online version first and then downloaded mac app which is quite fast to use. mobile app works seamlessly with both and its great business tool. i don't really understand other negative reviews and people having issues with software. please make sure you're using latest updated version of the app and your ios. thanks matt
issues with addresses being in window of envelope. i used to be able to print off invoices and mail them to customers by folding in thirds. now i have to fold a special way to get the address to appear in the windows of the envelope.
poor design. very hard to navigate and understand. customer service only works bankers hours and not when you need them.
happy. so far so good, but needed my accountant to help me make head n tails of it. i'm a worrier and was concerned about the financial side of my business. now i'm happy. taken the stress away.
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
terrible billing system. i had an email offer for 75% off, tried to get it on my desktop. ended up subscribing for $10mth only to find out it closed my trial account, created a new account, now i have to cancel,subscribe on the ipad for $25mth and my data is not updating now....run away from this fast....
excellent product. great for sending estimates and invoices on the go. everything i need to see right at my fingertips and very user friendly.
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
every update breaks it. first off would like to say i love this program. works well for our business. the problem is that every update tends to break the software. i'm unable to create invoices on my ipad air 2 or iphone 6 plus. trying to select an item for the invoice (ie. general labour or equipment) doesn't work. hopefully will be fixed soon then i'll update the stars.
great software. i have come to really like quick books online. quoting, invoicing, reports and my personal favourite... it links with your bank account to automate expense inputs. you set the rules once and the next time a similar transaction appears in your linked bank account it automatically categorises the transaction for you, just hit 'add'. saves me so much time and effort and to me it's fast becoming a business tool i simply wouldn't be without.
issues with addresses being in window of envelope. i used to be able to print off invoices and mail them to customers by folding in thirds. now i have to fold a special way to get the address to appear in the windows of the envelope.
no customer service. i like the application and the features which can be improved of course, but i can't give them more then two star. is more than one week and no technical support. i can't buy this application without support.
a pretty good app. update: they added deposits! it does everything i need now, upgrading to 5 star! all in all, this is a pretty great app. it does just about everything i need it to while on the go, but it is missing one key piece of functionality. it does not allow the recording of deposits and that is really important for me. other than that it functions flawlessly and has never given me any trouble. overall, i love it!
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
buyer beware crash instantly on iphone 6. this app works sometimes but it will instantly crash and doesn't operate properly on my iphone 6 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work properly. why don't you guys fix this? also, it annoyingly downloads company info every time you open it which takes what seems like hours. i have a very small landscape business. should this be the case? come on intuit! get your act together
excellent. i love the immediate accessibility of our business's financial position. no need for me to meet with the bookkeeper and accountant nearly as often. i haven't had any issues with the app.
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
no app support for time activity. come on quickbooks! no time activity entry in the app?! ridiculous!
gadirepair.com. really a great product at affordable price. smart solutions to all accounting problems.their support team is very responsive and coordinating. i am really impressed with their “reports” i was unable to assess my business stats the way it should be done, thanks to qb for making it so easy for us....👍 great productgreat team i highly recommend every businessman to use it, qb have made it so easy for us. thanks
banking. great app just the banking doesn’t always pull over on fist couple tries to load transactions
awful. pathetic system, slow glitches. doubles up invoice payments. won’t let you load more than one picture at a time.
great work!. the app works great and is a very useful tool for on the go business matters. i have not yet figured out how to add single time activities on the app ... not sure this feature is available. but other then that it's great!
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
time tracking missing from app. i bill services by the hour and pay extra for the version of quickbooks that supports time tracking. was very disappointed to see this feature completely missing from the app. it’s such an obvious thing to have on the go. now i need to have a totally separate system to track time...
very satisfied. basic invoicing on the go is a snap. reminders for payables and other features are great. i recommend.
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
latest update is garbage. app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
daily user of this app. getting better and better keep up the development i appreciate it.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
frustrating. it's good to be able to use from iphone etc but i can't get any support or reply for help just doesn't happen seriously thinking of going back to reckon just because of this
business owner. this is the best app on the market!!!
awsome software. that is a great app but still far away from the desktop program .... limited access for a lot futures it's ok but not wow for the yearly cost
qb app no good!!!. quickbook online is fine where as the app has only limited features!!!
great app!. i have used quickbooks for years and love their software. this application takes their wonderful software to a whole new level. the mobility and ease of use are excellent! the app is well built and very easy to use. it integrates well with your main quickbooks program and syncs all your data in real time. a+++
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
discount. why in the world would you apply the discount after sales tax? in the mobile app, you cannot toggle the order. ridiculous.
3 stars. doesn't do everything i would like it to do but overall pleased with this app.
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
needs tip option. please add tip option when customer signs credit card transaction like in go payment
i love this app. i love been able to do my work on the go, and quick book helps me do that
valerieh. works great! they should combine all features of quickbooks. too many separate parts or features of quickbooks that customers are being charged for
useless. i am an avid qbo for ie customer for many years, but this ipad app is useless. can't do anything with it, and can not see banking info, the most important thing in accounting! if you want to view customervendor names that can be done, but you can't work in this app. view only.
excellent app. moved from xero to qbo and couldn't be happier
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
deposits take too long. overall the app is convenient for clients to pay me, but it takes entirely too long for deposits to be posted to my account.
great app. i travel constantly and this app allows me to keep up with my bookkeeping wherever i am
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
my dependable business partner. over the years, as a small business owner, i have come to depend on quickbooks. initially that made me extremely nervous, but i have found that both the app and the online version have come to be dependable and it's very important partner in my business success. they have made the app even more intuitive. i recommend it!
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
app will not open after update. app will not open on my iphone, making it impossible to input expenses and worse still accept payment on jobs!
awesome app. helps with all business expenses and just great interface
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
horrible. constant crashes at the worst of times!!! aarrrggghhhh!
very useful!. this app allows me to send clients a sales receipt as soon as they hand me the cash, invaluable when visiting clients.
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
good functionality; could use a few more of the online features. very easy app, works very nicely in the field. would be more handy if the iphone or ipad versions allowed for time tracking or payroll functions.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
track time. so far i’m pretty unhappy with this app because i thought that i could use it to track my time while i was with a client with a timer. i know that i read that somewhere when i was researching this app. that would have been a perfect feature. if this is something that i can actually do and someone can let me know how to do it i will change my rating to 4 or 5 stars.
solid app. the app works well with the online service and gives access to the basics so while out of the office you can still stay up on your business. would like to see the ability to add and see bills through the app instead of only expenses.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
"doesn't like ipads or phones. i don't find the app very useful. on a desktop, you can find your way around easily enough. on the ipad or phone, you cannot. i have yet to be able to bring up our main register balance....it takes forever and then gives me a ""no transactions"" screen. i have been a cpa for over 35 years. this app, although it has some promise, needs a little work."
i love it. i use this app and software everyday to organize and manage cash flow in my business. i don't know what i would do without it!
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
awful app  doesn’t fully sync with online data. i keep getting notifications about a 6 month overdue invoice, which i used for testing. however, when you try and remove the invoice, it can’t find it. the online version is fine if a little overpriced for soletrader business, but this app, which costs nothing, is worth exactly that. it’s next to useless.
great software. this does everything i absolutely need it to do. i wouldn't use anything else it's easy to manage they have great customer service and i don't have any complaints about it keep up the great work thanks for making my job a lot easier.
can't save invoices. love the app but after the latest update, i am no longer able to save invoices. most of my business is done through the mobile app, so this is a vital component. please remedy as soon as possible. thanks.
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
excellent for the it service provider. as an it service provider, this app allows me to log my hours and mileage in the field. i can even email customer invoices immediately after services are performed. this is, of course, paired with quickbooks online plus, which allows you to log hours per customer. highly recommended!!
so good. best account software available
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
great software to work on the go. i just love how easy it is to use the software to keep on top of our receivables and payments. very easy to share data amongst our team to become more efficient. much better than using the desktop version
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
doesn't refresh, date filtering doesn't work. does not reliably refresh and load new data, no matter how many times you close and reopen. it only does it when it wants. date filtering for reports is non functioning. will only generate reports for the period from jan 1 to present. even if you select new date filters, it still loads jan 1 to present.
the best way to manage business. i love it and i can control how i ran the business easy and fast way to keep track of my expenses and income
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
we be removing from my ipad. while it allows you to look at a couple of reports, the entries do not link to account activity, making the app useless for me. i will be removing it from my ipad.
awesome app!!. seamless and intuitive. can accomplish so much with this app. thank you!!
qbo user. can't say i'm impressed. sure, it has your company info in it. but the most important functionality for a mobile user is time tracking. but there is no way to enter time on the run, in this app, that i can see.
disappointed. this app falls short. for one you can't see inventory. can't create po. can't enter a bill against a po. on the online version one cannot enter a partial bill against a po. cannot creat inventory level alarms. come on man!
nice to use. app puts info at fingertips. run reports, check balances and review transactions easily.
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and resend invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality  i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
great app. if the sales history chart can show more than one year will be perfect ( at least 2 yrs )
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
useless. app is slow and hard to use.
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipadiphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
still needs some changes. multiple addresses for a company is still a drama as it changes all pervious invoices and quotes. plus now on the ipad version it says i can't access until subscription is paid but it is.. works on computer but can't use my ipad. annoying!!!
awesome. great program
okay app. the apps okay to keep you updated on overdue accounts and to see what has been paid.
should have been ready for io13. i waited patiently while running the io13 beta & this app not working. but now that the official io13 public release is available i have to give this 1 star, 0 if i could. the app just crashes!! quickbooks, you should have had your app ready way before this public release.
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me.
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
rubbish. the openoverdue invoice section won't show the invoice details. it keeps saying the filters are wrong. the suppliers invoices only show the payments made not the actual invoices. support make all the right noises but nothing happens. it has potential but it still needs more work.
works well for small business of software development for myself. love having receipts and invoices from vendors attached directly to my invoices and expenses in quickbooks. works well on the go!
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
the option yo use qbo doea not work for ages. the option to use google maps for location misdirects you to install google maps even if it is already installed. this issue had been there since ages and they don't fix it. that's why rated bad. google maps is a must for me. apple maps suck but the app leaves you helpless with apple maps.
pros and cons. it definitely takes some getting used to compared to the previous versions of quickbooks i've used. but with some changes to what i'm used to and working with the software and its workflow it works out. the payments thing makes sending and receiving invoices works really well. adding expenses by taking pictures of the receipts keeps my clutter box of receipts free. still needs some improvement but my overall experience hasn't been bad.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
issue. man it tells me it’s not supported even tho it updates keep saying the same message
great software. i have come to really like quick books online. quoting, invoicing, reports and my personal favourite... it links with your bank account to automate expense inputs. you set the rules once and the next time a similar transaction appears in your linked bank account it automatically categorises the transaction for you, just hit 'add'. saves me so much time and effort and to me it's fast becoming a business tool i simply wouldn't be without.
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
app doesn’t get updated with the website!. this is most ridiculous app! it doesn’t get updated with the website! they charge you $40.00 per month with no resolution in the near future.
great app really does work for my business. really easy to do my accounts and invoices.
sparkyreviews. i used to use invoice2go but fed up of how complicated and expensive it became, quickbooks allows for easy invoicing and estimating from home or on site, also allows me to review incomings and outgoings to my bank easily, giving me more spare time, and saving me money as i don’t need my book keeper anymore! could not be happier with this product!
poor compatibility. online version does not work with safari. quickbooks refused a refund stating it is not there issue. avoid and just get a good account
essllc. works great, always performs as i need it too, makes invoicing and estimating a lot faster and easier! thank you qb
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
tax ratescounties are incorrect. when i create an invoice from this app, it doesn’t select the correct county even when i manually change it. it causes it to transfer back to desktop version as the wrong county when saved and will not account for that county. please fix
app for small busines. fact, this app save me 11 hours a week in paper work period. great for small start up business
great app but signs you out a lot. this is a great app and it works almost perfect but there's one really annoying issue. the app signed you out a lot and doesn't give you the option of entering back in with touch id but rather having to annoyingly enter your password. please fix this as touch id makes life so much more convenient rather than entering your password. doesn't always happen but more often than it should.
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
business owner. this app has all the features i need to run a small but quickly growing business. easy to navigate.
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
quickbooks renew account??. renewed my subscription for a year and i'm still locked out, every time i log in it keeps telling me to subscribe for 1 month i tried to go that way and it asked if i wanted to change my current year subscription? makes no sense.. wish some (tech support or program owner) fixes it i'm about to cancel it all..... wy small business owner
awesome!. great app, easy to use.
james. love it!! we run our business on this,,
generally does not work. if they generally updated everything they might needful go back a step or two. won't even open on the ipad anymore. crashes immediately.
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
great, when it works. app is great, seamless when it works. problem is, it's only about 75% of the time. lots of errors on the mobile and desktop versions. any complaints go unaddressed. if you can run your business on 75% proficiency with no accountability from quickbooks tech support, then this app is for you!!
inferior to qb online on desktop. qb app on ipad or android does not not have even half of the features that qb online has on a desktop. i can manage basic invoicing, basic expenses, see transactions, and pull up basic reports... everything about this app is basic. i have to actually be on my desktop to access the full features of qb online. very dissapointed.
great app!. 2 thumbs up!
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
crashes. the app just crashes as soon as it starts to load. don't waste your time downloading it.
the best business app ever!. i have been in business for nine years and have been using quickbooks desktop. i am now using the online and it is great so happy that i made the switch. works well with ipad and can do my work right on the site! thanks for the great work! ray's home improvement,llc
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
engineering team won’t fixed the azlo banking glitch.. i’ve been trying to connect my azlo bank account to quickbooks for months. i’ve been on the phone and computer with tech support multiple times and every time i’m told it is being worked out. how long could it possibly take? you all need to pay some attention to this matter please.
the best app out there by far. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far. every update includes a very useful useable option. 👌🏽👌🏽
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
bmb. have been using app for several months now. it is both good and bad. i love that i can take my work with me to record with my ipad, but would like to be able to transfer transactions from quickbooks online to quickbooks pro 2014.
sales. it would be nice if you could take the copy of a receipt prior to that posting on quickbooks to save it for when the actual download appears. if that could be perfected i would give it a five star
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
decent app missing features. overall the app works good. i wish it had some of the website features such as the ability to post deposits considering depositing money is a mobile activity.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
more than annoyed..... new update: 8916, still have to enter my password every time i open the app. touch id or app pin what is that??? 🤔 this is so annoying.... especially in front of customers!! tired of wasting my time. i've deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail. it appears you guys are never going to get it right....
does the basic. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to vie it but not create bills or make payments. would like to see that in the future.
good by minor issues. works good in keeping up to date with customers and collections of money. sometimes has issues trying to log in.
not happy. when i first got the app i fell in love i had problems with the desktop version , with the bank option on the online version which you removed i was able to log in my transactions very quickly , i would appreciate it if you would please bring back the bank option in the menu asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3 stars. doesn't do everything i would like it to do but overall pleased with this app.
latest update works with ios13. normal operation resumed.
new update 1120. your new update is garbage. app shuts down immediately when it’s opened.
amazing app. amazing app that functions well enough to keep track of and coordinate your business.
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
crashes. same problem: crashes. looks good though.
messrs. great app, makes life for an accountant easy
like the app. i find the app to be very useful in the field. unfortunately since the latest update adding new customers seem to slow the app down and to a crawl. wish there was a way to get that bug fixed
useless. this app is useless. you can't even see your check register. pathetic.
quality product. i've just taken over the accounts for the business with little experience and knowledge and i have found quickbooks online very easy to use. issuing invoices and running payroll is quick and simple. the support is extremely good too from professionals who know what they are doing not just anybody in a call centre reading a script.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
didn’t work. errored out over and over. nothing ever loaded.
brockton driving school. great app, keeps my business manageable on the go.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
address. please allow me to copy and paste full address inside customer section. currently i can only copy street, city, postal code separately. customer wants me to add address of site worked.
this app is a business saver!!!. this is a must app for every business!
very useful!. this app is very useful for my small internet cafe business. i can track anytime my sales and expenses. reports are generated realtime, no need to wait for your accountant. the app needs to improve the touch id system because it requires you to input the password after you have closed the app.
does not work after update. tech support recommended i get a android. claims apple is the problem.
response to the quickbooks online account app. i love quickbooks accountant online program; but i noticed that there are limits to the quickbooks accountant online app capabilities compared to what the downloadable online quickbooks accountant software program could do. otherwise, really happy with online quickbooks accountant program!!
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
mobile app for online qbb has problems. today has been particularly difficult when an invoice won't save. quickbooks tells me it is safe in the cloud, but it never is. now i keep getting a message on my ipad that my log in has expired, even though i just logged in. please fix this stuff. quickbooks is great when it works,
excellent invoice and stock update tool. this is so much more convenient than other accounting tool or software. i was able to send bills sitting in a remote destination and also input product purchase and services as and when the job was getting done. there is no time waisted by yourself as well as customers waiting for billing. excellent product.
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
easy to use. this app is so quick and easy. my business is on the go all of the time and it makes estimates and invoicing so quick and easy.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
kiss. keep it simple stupid as they say, this app is brilliant, simple, easy to use a great for a small business that just wants everything in one app at their fingertips. well done team.
great mobile app. mobile app has more functionality than online version. having the ability to take a note on a customer and add a photo. i only wish those notes were visible to the online version. currently they are not.
only a trial. would have been nice to know it was a trial only, i saw the in app purchase option but no where did it say trial.
good app for business owners. i think the app does a good job with tracking expenses and billing. as a whole i think there may be better programs out there. do you research before signing up.
expenses. you cannot cost expenses to a particular job or client
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be.
good stuff. the phone app is a good resource that compliments the desktop app. i have been using qb online for several years and have found that it meets my business needs as a small consulting company with less than 10 employees.
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
missing a major key demographic.. although a good application, there are some things missing  like the ability to do business income taxes for t2 (corporations). this feature should be able to send those docs to cra in a format that ready to go. especially when small business corporations are being targeted in the media. help make this easier  there's no reason this feature should not be incorporated into the software.
great app. quickbooks has changed the way we do business. as a small business, such tools are so vital for the day to day running of your business. quickbooks has truly been a revelation for us at blink mode recording studio.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
does not work on 3g. i am unable to use quickbooks over a cellular connection. this has been the case since ios 9. sometimes after certain qb updates it works, then others it won't. i will be making notes of the versions when this issue occurs.
very good!. very flexible product. love the mobile application. would like more canned reports and the ability to print weekly time sheets. overall a 9 out of 10.
touch id fixed!. touch id stopped working with previous update. they've addressed it now. looks good!
need price levels. this app is ok but it's been out for a while now and we still do not have pricing levels. it has been in the works according to qb for almost 2 years and we still don't have it plus i can't go back to desktop program because data will not import properly need something done asap. you raised the price but cant give us what we need!!!!
love this app!. i love this app! having this has simplified how we run our business and makes it extremely easy to professionally deliver our product to our customers on the go!
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
getting too flaky. i’ve been a subscriber for about 2 years now but am now randomly getting locked out of the app where it thinks i don’t have a subscription! i’ve reported the issue , it always gets resolved but then returns ! went to do my accounts and quotes this weekend and guess what .... i’m locked out ... again! is that acceptable for a business app ! definitely not.
convenient. a very nice app that gives me power to monitor and control my company accounts anytime, anywhere.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
simply slow. i talked to 300 people and they all say it’s just the program itself
makes life easier!!. quickbooks online, the app, and gopayment have all made my life so much easier. i can now track things in the go and accept payments right on my phone. it works seamlessly!
just like the web version. the new updates are great. it's just like the web version minus tax lodgements which is possibly due to regional differences. the only gripe i have is the lack of keyboard integration which means you will need to use the touch screen but it's an ipad app so can't really complain there.
experience getting worse. entering transaction requires way too many taps. it isn’t location aware to suggest transactions you just always search. recent updates have some bug that makes the app download the data file with almost every login and login often you must. usually twice a week it loses my password. i have enjoyed quickbooks online but this app experience may have me evaluating competitors in december.
"few fixes. overall great. great app. only things i'd like to see are invoice signatures like on the ipad and to be able to search sub products by the parent product name like on the pc version. ie our product ""pale ale"" sub product ""12bbl""doesn't show up in the search for pale ale"
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
tide business bank not supported :(. i'm rating this 1 star due to there being no support for setting a business account created via tide
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
need to see register. touch enabled but still wants me to login with password. disappointed.
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
my expectations of quick books.. i would expect the quick books would gave been able to give me a complete overview of my accounts and businesses. e.g. i can't find anywhere in the program where i can print my company's balance sheet or my company's profit and loss accounts, to name a few. why is this so?
great book keeping app. use this app with the online version at home. very happy with it indeed. support could be a little better. but support is adequate. been using it for a couple of years and i'm very pleased.
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
great customer support. when they updated the app they changed how bank deposits are recorded. it used to be from the home screen you could tap the plus sign and in addition to entering a debit you could add a deposit. they took that away and i was confused. but their customer support responded quickly to my review explaining that they had moved it to the top three bars. i’m solved! and i really appreciated them responding.
contractor couldn't live without it. i use this app every time i bill a client and can provide him with an accurate, complete invoice and receive payment on the spot. importing customers from my contacts is a great help. a musthave complement to quickbooks online.
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
no ability to schedule an invoice. we need to be able to schedule invoice sending setting up reoccurring transactions is not a way around this. will give 5 stars if this feature is developed
great app. for my business is been really helpful app. i'm a painter contractor, check job all day, if i need to send estimates and invoices now i can do it on the road.
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
unable to log amex expenses while mobile.. this seems such a basic function that this app is missing.
playback publishing. good accounting app
prices keep going up. prices keep gong up. it has doubled since i started.
app doesn’t recognize credentials. this app worked well for me until the most recent update. now i cant login, says can’t find the account with this emailpassword. this is very annoying since i travel frequently without a laptop. now i’ve lost the ability to access my accounts via the app.
well thought out. truly like the app now. i can import names from my iphone and do many of the things i can do on a main computer. i’d like to see them allow the entering of bills on the app. i’d use that all the time.
working good for me.. the qb online is what i have started with. i use the app and pc to access it. so far so good. i also notice how often qb's is updating and i have watched this version evolve over the last 3 years. my bookkeepers and accountant like it for my needs. i do not use payroll. every time i have called customer service i have had attentive reps.
app is great, but.... it is incredibly annoying that i have to sign in with my password every time i open the app now. before the update, i could use a pin or touch id, which don't seem to be working. i contacted customer service twice and have heard nothing back.
power super app. superb..safe my time
great, when it works. app is great, seamless when it works. problem is, it's only about 75% of the time. lots of errors on the mobile and desktop versions. any complaints go unaddressed. if you can run your business on 75% proficiency with no accountability from quickbooks tech support, then this app is for you!!
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
great app. it sure is nice to be able to do things anytime anywhere.
can't save invoices. invoices can't be saved on iphone.
critical simple feature still missing  for years!. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
best app to fallow my customers!. qb online + qb app is the best!
valerieh. works great! they should combine all features of quickbooks. too many separate parts or features of quickbooks that customers are being charged for
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
absolutely love it! best business accounting app. great mobile online app tool that syncs with your online quickbooks on both mac and pcs. is everything that you could ever want or need for bookkeeping, accounting, invoicing and estimates.
online quickbooks. quickbooks online is so different from the regular quickbooks. it will require a new learning curve to use it. hard to print payroll checks and regular checks reliably. it is handy to have things online, but it looks like we are a few generations away from it working well.
major problems with the newest update!!!. the app was working great until a few days ago. now i cannot receive payments on my iphone due to a bug in the app and i also cannot send an invoice via email on my iphone or ipad now. ☹️
good program. does what it is suppose to do
review. probably should have rated it 5 as i’m not completely up to speed on all functionality.... issues note reconciling accounts and getting the input in the correct bucket and data transfer from desktop not a crisp as it should be.
pretty basic and useless. can't do a lot of things. when i'm on the road and away from my laptop i really need to be able to do more stuff. can't customize any reports at all other than by date. can't run reports by location , can't make many edits , can't easily access the data i need. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account.
cvc. looks very promising... let's see as i used it. nice and brilliant user interface so far.
kevin morton. easy. not using any other software.
why bother?. don't understand why they bothered developing this app? much more functionality available using safari and logging into quickbooks!
syncs to everything!!. awesome app. i'm using quickbooks for my personal accounting. saves a ton of time. intuit's phone and online support is terrific as well. couldn't recommend this app highly enough.
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
ipad in the name?. really. can't use with mac? get out of apple app store. waste of time 😒😑
five star, defenitly!! :d. quickbook app is a great add to the software program. easy to use, fast and well organize!
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
unreliable. i don't advice anybody to download this app it had a major problem since two months and till now not solved.
amazing that i can make invoices and take payments literally anywhere with cell service.. i think it's an amazing app. the only downfall is i can't add invoices from vendors that i haven't paid yet. only expenses that are already paid. hence the 4 stars. if they had that feature it would be a five star for sure.
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
not helpful. this app doesn't help me. i get errors every time i try to match or categorize a transaction from my bank. it's useless for me.
non emergency medical transportation business owner. there are obviously some differences between the desktop version and the app. the app gives you real time overview of everything you might want to double check on the go. quickbooks is a great tool and the app is a great extension of it.
pretty good. it has improved over the years but still needs work. one thing that needs improved is that once an invoice is created its harder to edit a line item without deleting it and reentering the line item. entering payments is not as easy with the app is it is with the web based version. i always use the web based version when possible.
can't update credit card. i don't have access to a computer with chrome, they don't support ie 8 anymore so i can't update my credit card. so i download the app to see that my account is suspended due to wrong expiration date on my credit card but you can't update in the app. this blows and is useless
good user experience. found the app very useful. made easy for me to update on the go. report wise, might be useful to have a report that prints out the attached receipt as well. good job guys
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
downloads. automatic downloads have been taken away, you now have to go through the print page to save as pdf, then name the file and save from there. where as it used to automatically save and download with its own name. this app is getting worse.
great program.. it's easy to use either in the pc or mobile.
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
bugs. there are alot of bugs in the app. i am about to go back to square. the app keep giving alot of errors.
tremendous time saver. i rarely login to quickbooks online any more and have never looked back from switching from the full desktop version. the mobile app is a tremendous time saver and allows be to better server my clients.
okay app. the apps okay to keep you updated on overdue accounts and to see what has been paid.
crashing after ios 13 update. after ios 13. i can not log into my quickbooks app please fix this asap
fantastic software. a superb help to my business invoicing and payments are so easy to sendview and accept. easy to use and never had a problem.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
nada funciona , nada de soporte y ningún tutorial. soy economista y sé cómo trabajar con aplicaciones y ordenadores . es una de las peores aplicaciones que conozco y si quiero saber cómo hacerlo no hay tutorías o quia que explica lo que quiero hacer . no la compres
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
no es gratis. al principio lo configuras todo pensando que la puedes usar gratis aunque luego hagas compras en la app, pero no es así. lo configuras todo con tus datos personales y cuando terminas te dicen que debes pagar. y a mi opinión no es barata.
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
pretty good. it has improved over the years but still needs work. one thing that needs improved is that once an invoice is created its harder to edit a line item without deleting it and reentering the line item. entering payments is not as easy with the app is it is with the web based version. i always use the web based version when possible.
update needed. for the past three weeks has not been tracking the miles. otherwise a 5 star app when working properly.
amazing app!!!. i really enjoy using this app to get my money in order!!
crashing after ios 9 update. app continues to crash after updating to ios 9. just after opening it crashes. this app has been an excellent tool to my business. looking forward to a quick bug fix.
"bad idea. i downloaded to approve parole only to find i need a second app for that. two out of three ""recognized"" transactions are inaccurate. back to my mac for qb. ugly app guys. sorry..."
perfect. great app and works terrifically. thanks.
must have accounting tool. i don't see how we managed without it before! everything is easy! the two factor authentication gives me a piece of mind. if you choose to use 2fa, then go with google authenticator and avoid the txt code. there are still problems with txt codes and you can get locked out. i figured a way around it on my own. unfortunately quickbooks was unable to help me with the lock out issue. other than that it's allll gooood!
at $12.99 month not free (false advertising). imagine my surprise, i trusted qbooks desktop to run my company, not sure i can trust some goof advertising free app and not letting you see anything unless you sign the free trial then $12.99month
great app. great app for busy people! this is really useful for trades people and consultants. highly recommend, super easy to use
could be better. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
down fall in quality. not a quality app. the screen is difficult to maneuver around in. there's no back or close.
awesome!. this is app is like a holy grail! ‼️🙌🏾 it works really well with my iphone too💙💙
très bon programme. plus de travail pour entrer les dépenses! quickbooks va importer les transactions directement du compte de banque automatiquement!
find someone else.. their help desk refuses to speak to the actual person who handles my business books and wanted to do nothing more then waste my time when i have business to run! square is looking even better! 112019 updated response to quickbooks. the person was on the account and had full access. again wasting time and money and horrible customer service.
very good app. easy to use. recommended!
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
fairly useless. this app is difficult to navigate. it doesn't come close to mimicking qbo for pcs. the functionality is very limited. it's ok for looking up some things but difficult to update info such as logging checks or deposits.
best app for start up company. hands down this app is the best for any size company, once its all set and customized to your company you & your employees will operate more efficiently. take your time to learn it don't be afraid to call customer service they are very friendly and helpful.
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
what, no zero star option?. great job with touch id and your lousy payroll app. everything this company does is garbage. tells you about the sad state of affairs in financial software if quickbooks is even an option to have to use.
landscaping on the run. always busy. not a lot of time set aside for paperwork. i'm loving the convenience of this app
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
dangerous. this app would like customer number, passcode and security number if you want to sync bank accounts. this has been confirmed by lloyds, bank of scotland and santander that doing this is dangerous. as you are giving them information they need to access your account and if anything went missing you would not be protected and this information should not be inserted at anytime
amazing!. so useful for keeping our businesses books current!
works well. app is adequate. performs most functions that i need on the quick. would like more report options. biggest complaint is the need to continuously enter account and password. i have enabled touch id. only about 25% does the app actually use touch id. rest forced to enter password.
fair app version, but not good as browser version. i’m not able to select item groups when creating an invoice. also im not able to enter sku when creating an item. neither im able to search items by sku info... they dont let you set a fixed price for an item group on any version of the software which o find really easy to implement by code which is dumb...
powerful bookkeeping in your hand.. fantastic program to track costs, expenses, create invoices and it's all done to generally accepted accounting principles.
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
longtime user, app is gradually slowing down. been using quickbooks online since it came out, and unfortunately the apps seem to slowing down more and more with each update. i have to delete and reinstall the app a couple times a year because it hangs or acts funky. hope these little issues get resolved and i can use the apps i pay a lot of money each year to use
"""quickbooks + square"". great app!!"
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
stuck in the test version. it is all great in theory, yet there are so many glitches. you can’t search by address. it crashes too often. frequent notifications that as an example your deposits weren’t recorded properly do you want to fix them? i shouldn’t need to fix the bank deposits. please fix the bugs! oh and not all of my clients made the transition from the desktop version to the online version. also quickbooks asked me to rate quickbooks online 4 times today alone.
latest update rocks. now you get your bank feeds in the app, so you can easily process your incoming payments and expenses. the only thing missing is the ability to attach a file during that process. hope it's something that will be included in a future update.
"communicates across platforms. i enjoy being able to enter an expense on my phone app and see it on my laptop. i have had to discontinue the ""mac app"" on my new macbook because it shuts down or tries to log in without letting me enter the password and ends up in an endless loop. i just use the web version and that seems to be ok. i wish the easy to use features on my phone were as easy on the laptop."
very limited functionality. this might be worthwhile if you need to issue invoices on the go, but that's about it. you can't manage expenses, checks, etc. no reports. very limited functionality. it's good if i need to look up a payment i made and already imported through my pc version.
jackrabbit. enjoy using this app. would like to see more options on bank balances
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
not bad but lacking ocr features. great app but the expense features is lacking ocr functionality that other apps provide for free. qbo please add ocr and auto input of date, merchant and amount in the expense fields. it will be so much quicker to match.
great app. does cost money this app. it’s definitely worth it! the app keeps up to date
not bad. has some issues ... no consistency in how you log in ... one day by 4 digit pin , 1 hour later it wants the full email & password followed by a 6 digit pin via confirmation email . try to match payments incorrectly when the deposit clearly states who it's from ... 😳🔫 does do a good job with the bank feeds ... mostly .
terrible. can’t figure out who to call for support. need to cancel account but everything goes in a circle. i hate companies like this.
great app. this app is great and it supports an even greater cloudbased accounting programme, i wish i had started to use it sooner. it is making my life so much easier.
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
mobile app yes. i love being able to use the mobile app for quickbooks. you can't do everything you can online but it's great being able to knockout some tasks on the fly and i can show results in an instant, which is a good motivator.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
update = crash. haven't been able to use app since updated. disrupting my business. will not open.
love the new app. 5 stars
good for review but limited functionality. this is a subset of qb online functions good for quick checking on the business but not a working system much like the ipad version of word or powerpoint you get to do a bit but need the full version for the program to be useful
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
amazing app!!!. this is the most powerful and helpful app to manage a company, it it easy and friendly!!
needs work. i need to be able to print checks, but i haven't been able to figure out how yet. good for some things but not others. can't find how to access recurring transactions either.
disappointed. i love quickbooks online, but i'm disappointed with the app. i would really love to be able to do more with the app other than enter transactions. i would like to be able to run the prepared reports i already saved in the online version and print them on the go.
looks great!!!. keep the updates coming! great job of being quick to update the app and user interface and continuing to add great features!
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
okay app. the apps okay to keep you updated on overdue accounts and to see what has been paid.
highly recommend. as an accountant, i use quickbooks everyday on a variety of clients. i wouldn’t recommend any other software. the cloud based platform is ideal for ease of access and management.
invoicing easy. easy for invoicing etc, but less intuitive for expenses and linking accounts etc. especially as it will or allow me to sync my main business account!!!
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
great app but signs you out a lot. this is a great app and it works almost perfect but there's one really annoying issue. the app signed you out a lot and doesn't give you the option of entering back in with touch id but rather having to annoyingly enter your password. please fix this as touch id makes life so much more convenient rather than entering your password. doesn't always happen but more often than it should.
disappointing. this is a very unstable product with an unreliable app server. if my accountant didn't require it, i would not use it! my deposits have not updated for two weeks. i'll let you know when that's fixed.
matt aka 'the killer'. works for simple accounting, works for me
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
horrible. crashes every time. horrible customer service. move on to another app.
excellent software. so easy to use, it's great and self explanatory.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
incomplete. the mobile app is not very useful compared to the online version, missing so many functions! like time sheets and billing be with them!
great app. fantastic app. does everything i need to run my business on the go.
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
different. this is so different than qbo that it renders itself useless. i cannot rely on it for any accurate information. the only feature that is good is the receipt capture.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
5050. good tool but it's slow in the network and chews threw battery.
error. the app is not letting me sign in! it keeps saying error!
great convenient tool in my pocket. easy tool that makes managing my business easy. i love that i can track expenses and receipts by syncing my banks count and snapping pictures with my cell phone. super convenient features that recognize future transactions and automatically categorizes them. the only downfall thus far, is that it keeps crashing! please fix it so it can be five stars instead of 4.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
crashes constantly every time i try to use it!. crashes multiple times every time that i try to use the app! on line works fine. the app keeps freezing saying saying critical updates needed! but i already updated app and deleted the app and reinstalled it. i tried everything i could do. so frustrating! older versions worked well. this is on an iphone xmax. newest phone .., latest version ... not working!!
jamie clarkson. makes running my construction company easier than ever before. don’t know how we ever managed without it.
the invoice customization need big improvement. if you define customization mean capability to make different invoice like different logo diferent information on footer etc. i have to diferent areas of service in my company that use a diferent logos and footer information but quick book on line not work like the desktop version in this part. please fix that !!!!!
complete waste of time.. 100% completely useless and a total embarrassment. in the year 2013 quickbooks is the only company left that cannot figure out how to make their full product work on an ipad. please fire your entire tech department and hire a high school kid with skills.
great app for small business owners!. i have a handyman business and this app made the paperwork side of the business easy!! i definitely recommend
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
useless staff. staff are useless and argumentative charged twice in 1 month over the price agreed then the argue it’s my fault literally like talking to a brick wall use free agent it’s free and just as good
great update to already great app. the latest update is great! being able to reconcile through app is awesome. best accounting app out!!!
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
timed out messages. keep getting timed out error messages for 2 hours now as soon as i get logged in. not what a business owner needs to have on a monday! get this problem solved to help your customers be able to work!
makes accounting much simpler. i've been using this app for a few months and find it to be really easy and accommodating. the app when used in conjunction with my desktop program helps to alleviate a lot of ambiguity and oversight.
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
worthless!. until this app can sync with the desktop version of quickbooks, it is worthless to my business. i'm sorry i downloaded it. but i have already deleted it.
dan boulton. great bit of kit, works on desktops (chrome a must) and ipads. great to tap into the companies account anywhere, any places. a few problems from the start , but we are flying now. great value for money for both new and old business.
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
good, but no sales receipts. i really like the app except they forgot sales receipts. almost all my transactions are done with sales receipts and not invoices. until they add that feature i will have to use the iphone app on my ipad. i was a little disappointed. other than that the reporting and detail is much better than the iphone app.
best business app. quickbooks has definitely made running my business much more efficient and has made it easier to close on deals. the estimate tool makes it easy to send professional looking estimates to clients, and with a click, those estimates turn into invoices. you can receive payments through quickbooks as well. add the payroll service and you can run the whole business yourself. i would definitely recommend this to any new business start up.
usefull but limited feature. the mobile version is usefull, fastr than desktop, but its very limited feature. there is no stock information, no account reports, need more improvement..
linked bank account. locked out. no customer service.. there is literally no phone support whatsoever for the mobile app. i'm still locked out of this app after linking my checking account.
tops. i've never used any accounting software or accounting apps in my life & can honestly say this is the best! if you type 55378008 into any xl column & turn your laptop upside down it spells..boobless! 😄
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
not happy with this. i've used quickbooks for years and have several corporations that i handle on the program. i'm also computer literate and have been a quickbooks tester in the past i'm not happy that it took me a whole day to download and set up payroll and still haven't figured out how to print reports for my customers or check for that matter
"super userfriendly. i love this app, as it is very easy to use even if you aren't completely accounting savvy. i would like to be able to setup ""reminder"" emails to clients who have past due invoices. other than that, i'm very happy with the features of this app."
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
very happy with app. the app is very good, and provides a lot of useful information that can be sent anytime, anywhere.
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
keep crush !. my iphone version is ios11.2.1. i can’t open this app. keep crushing. please fix asap.
perfect!!!. this software is perfect!!!!
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
needs purchase orders. work in the construction industry and the biggest nightmare is a po system. you can create them online but this app does not allow for po generation which is a huge draw back. if this could be added in it would be a 5 star but till that get added it's very limiting.
great app. been with quickbooks for two years now and still really impressed very easy to use and works across all platforms would strongly recommend
sales. it would be nice if you could take the copy of a receipt prior to that posting on quickbooks to save it for when the actual download appears. if that could be perfected i would give it a five star
no weekend service. pretty good unless you have a problem on weekend or after hours. you wait.
great & uptodate!. this is a great little app to give you access into the back end of your quickbooks online account. great for doing simple invoicing and adding expenses. i still use the desktop browser for more complicated reports and such. well done and intuit keeps the app up to date thank you!
good by minor issues. works good in keeping up to date with customers and collections of money. sometimes has issues trying to log in.
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
great app. love having access to most of the same functionality as my laptop
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
touch id is pointless. needs work!. the new update was supposed to fix the touch id issue. you can log in via touch id. however if you kill the app or restart your phone, you need to log back in using your password. what is the point? i want to log in via touch id everytime. that's what it's there for.
best app ever!. i run my whole totally green business from my 📱all because of this app. it makes business seem so easy!
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
lacks some functionality. my biggest problem is the app does a poor job of reconciling obviously matching expenses.
recommend!. quickbooks is a must have to swiftly complete business tasks like, estimates, invoices, etc.
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
bad update. used to work good until last update now when i open the app is says downloading company data, gets stuck there for ages. if it finally loads, there are no customer invoices, just payments. tried deleting the app and reinstalling but does the same thing. the pc app works fine and my employees have samsung phones and they haven't complained of any issues may just be an iphone app problem.
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me. still good!
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returnscredits from within the app.
bad. not ready for professional use, lots of bug that have been solved severals weeks later.
slick accounting app. just as the title says, very easy to use for on the go accounting and collaboration between accountants & ceo's
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
it's okay. i like being able to do banking on the app but need more. i can't record a bill to a vendor, i can't mark a payment to undeposited funds. i would love these features
muy útil. la app es excelente, súper útil!! pero estoy pensando en dejar de usarla por que es demasiado costosa.
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
keeps crashing. for the most part, the apps work pretty well. however, for whatever reason the app on my iphone crashes every time i login the first time. it gives me an error saying critical error please sign out. most the time when i sign back it, it’s ok after that. but usually requires restarting the app.
amazing that i can make invoices and take payments literally anywhere with cell service.. i think it's an amazing app. the only downfall is i can't add invoices from vendors that i haven't paid yet. only expenses that are already paid. hence the 4 stars. if they had that feature it would be a five star for sure.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
missing key features. most notably, there is no way to create bills on qb for ios. this is a major feature that is just not available without a desktop. i can’t even use a mobile browser to login because the web gui gets cut off when entering a bill, even in landscape mode on an ipad.
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
poor service, poor quality product. this product is the worst i have had to deal with. service is non existent, the app is constantly in errors, backing up is slow, the system does manual and not by the operator, everytime the + symbol is used it closes the app. my accountant doesn’t even like the system. i have loaded, unloaded and reloaded the app so many times it’s no longer a joke. quick books tells me they fixed the fault, like never.
very convenient and usable. great app that connects me too my work platform everywhere i go!!
i love it. i'm. to sure why all the negative reviews unless intuit has just improved that much i. the past few weeks. i've not had any issues not seeing changes made in the ipad version vs the full online version. the only limitation i've seen is the inability to manage inventory levels on the ipad but i'm sure that feature will be available soon enough!
subscription errors. nothing but problems since january. i switched from the download to the app so i could do it at home and it's been nothing but problems, and not even the same ones!!! i have 2 companies, it's june, and i'm still trying to get this straightened out to input this years data.
great app with a few refinements needed. this app, together with quickbooks online, does everything my business needs it to do, almost. but that's just my business. this is a very sophisticated system but easy to use! love it
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
great app. great but fix the unicode and sync problems. and please add more functions
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
average. like the app when it works. every so often there's a glitch. and it takes time for them to fix. customer service just can't help.
great. great app i use it everyday, makes invoices a breeze and makes it easier at the end of the year for tax purposes.
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
good but. this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
great app for any small business. this is a well polished app with regular updates and new features being added everyday. *credit card transactions are incredibly simple with the intuit gopayment integration. great job on the app guys keep up the good work!
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
great app. really happy and love quickbooks
quickbooks phone app. so easy i can’t believe it.
crashes now. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in.
mileage tracker. any chance you can put a mileage tracker on this app? other wise it's perfect for small business
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
very confusing. i will try as long as my patience lasts, maybe it will crack it better
already good. very user friendly and improving constantly. saves a lot of time when dealing with admin. highly recommendable.
"communicates across platforms. i enjoy being able to enter an expense on my phone app and see it on my laptop. i have had to discontinue the ""mac app"" on my new macbook because it shuts down or tries to log in without letting me enter the password and ends up in an endless loop. i just use the web version and that seems to be ok. i wish the easy to use features on my phone were as easy on the laptop."
can not use. i’m from iran i can’t use this app because iran not in country list please add iran to the country list
app. best app
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix!
perfect. i can't speak for large business but for a small business like mine this app is almost perfect. the only thing i need added is a milage manager for vehicle use. i love it, my tax guy loves it, what else could you ask for.
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
crash. latest update causes app to crash on loading.
great accounting package. love the mobile apps!
too expensive. would give it 5 stars if it was cheaper $20 for just invoices give me a break
"sam. i havent logged in since. when i just launch the app, it says ""device offline"" everytime. although i use alll other apps smoothjy, why this? i even tried deleting it and downloading again..."
great app. love having qb on my phone to receive payments, send invoices and other routine activities.
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
horrible customer service. horrible customer service
outstanding accounting software. perfect for sme's. enter bills and invoices on the go including taking photos of your receipts and signatures for invoices. absolutely outstanding accounts package, i couldn't recommend it more, well done intuit!
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
crashes all the time. no matter what version this is, it always crashes on me. i never use this this app, although it would be fantastic if i could.
essential sme tackle. intuit recently upped their game quite dramatically with the reworked online interface, which is extremely slick and intuitive (no pun!)... or at least as intuitive as double entry accounting software can be for the layman... if they added the ability to set different product pricing structures for different customers and a decent cash flow projection tool, i reckon i could justifiable give it five stars.
works well. app is adequate. performs most functions that i need on the quick. would like more report options. biggest complaint is the need to continuously enter account and password. i have enabled touch id. only about 25% does the app actually use touch id. rest forced to enter password.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
great app. works great for customer signature!
good but this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
broken app. latest update broke it. app will no longer launch and immediately crashes. now looking at alternatives.
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
gran sistema. é ora che si diffonda anche in italia....
statements. can't send statements or use bundles in the app. email customer services about it and they send you a email about doing it on your desk top. been asking for 6 months to have it added to the app. just get the same response while they add useless gimmicks to the app.
addicted to billing now!!!. oh my goodness. this app is no joke. love it and i stay up late looking at all it has to offer and new things. i’m glad i got this and the card reader. thanks qb
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
ios 10.01 update...... awful! not user friendly. keeps telling me to update safari to use program. still can't run checks!
business solutions made simple. it's really great to have such an app to manage the business. the best part is linking the bank account with the quickbooks gives the brilliant touch of managing accounts easily. it's been more than 6 months since i started using. one suggestion is that if they could add the birthday remainders that would be great. recommended for start ups and pioneers.
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
the phone app is practically useless. the phone app is very awkward to work with. the only think i found it useful for was just to look things up for reference. it's not worth taking the space up on my phone for that. i'm deleting.
time saver & ease of access. if you don't have the app for your small business account already, well you better just click download now! it saves me hours of computer time each week and my clients get the necessary paperwork even when i'm on a job site working. invoicing and inputting receipts has never been easier!
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
app keeps crashing. even when i try to leave feedback the app crashes. no issues on desktop.
ceo, bear island brewing co. i was hesitant to change the way i was doing things and use quickbooks when we switched to it a few years back. it has literally transformed how we do things in such a positive manner! i look back to how i used to do it and regret not making the switch sooner.
constantly having to sign in!. i wish quickbooks could figure out how to not have the app constantly make me reenter my password.
useless for sure. qbo is useless. can’t login with google account. forces me to create a newseparate password. can’t really access qbo via a browser on ipad. overall terrible experience. i’m sure it’s equally apple and qbo fault.
we love the qb app. one of the most useful things we have “out in the field” is our qb app that allows us to do bookkeeping by extension. probably the craziest place yet was checking qb from the pyramids of giza in egypt. it’s extremely convenient.
usefull but limited feature. the mobile version is usefull, fastr than desktop, but its very limited feature. there is no stock information, no account reports, need more improvement..
do not upgrade to new ios. stopped working with new ios. people pay for this. clearly everyone is having this problem based on recent reviews. zero testing was done for the new ios release. zero. the search for something better has begun.
love quickbooks app!!!. great app. allows me to conduct business while on the road when computer access it not possible.
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
cannot input supplier invoices you have to upgrade. bought quickbooks for our subsidiary business, input invoices, pay suppliers etc to find out you can’t actually input supplier invoices unless you upgrade! so from £11.99 a month to £18.99 a month just to input purchase, very odd
amazing. all i can say is i used quick books desktop version older version, the online is amazing and the availability of this app and the notifications keeps me up to date on every aspect of my businesses
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue. it has now been a week and this is still an issue.
wow. don’t know how i did my job without this program, i love it ! it helps so much!
it's okay. i like the ability to send invoices from the app. however a balance sheet or bank balance view is really necessary for anyone who truly manages their company.
no grouping of customers or invoices. services that the regular version have.... i don't know why they didn't carry this over. if u have more than one customer base or if u need to send the same invoice to multiple customers you are out of luck. hope they fix soon very annoying
jordan hugo ,. i'm young and in business , only small but this app is perfect for tracking my expenses and sending quotes off. highly recommend.
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
even worse after last update. didn't think the time loading could get any worse. i was wrong. ap is pretty much useless while with a customer. everything takes forever to load. need to sign in every. single. time. then you click out of the ap and right back in and it makes you use the touch id. super sucky. i very much dislike, yet i need to use it everyday. ugggggggg.
simply amazing for the newbie!!. as a sole trader, i am so impressed at how simple this product is to use!! it has saved my bacon on a number of occasions!! collating reports at an instant!! not to mention looking professional to my clients every time i send an invoice !! highly recommend this to anyone wanting to commence on the journey of being your own boss!! what a game changer indeed!
bid sheetcost. it would be awesome if the was a template for a bid and not just an estimate. also, qbo is too expensive.
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
essential for my small biz. very useful app. does have some annoying issues ( crashes,signs out often, etc) but overall great app.
5050. good tool but it's slow in the network and chews threw battery.
tax problem in hong kong. i mostly use it to do my expenses, now with this update, they force me to input tax. but there is not tax here in hong kong. didn’t have the problem before. i don’t know how long they need to fix that. 👎🏻👎🏻
business owner. this app has all the features i need to run a small but quickly growing business. easy to navigate.
like not love, needs work. our company works on the road, and is trying to eliminate paper invoices. the problem is that we can’t get signatures on the invoices if we use quickbooks in the work trucks on the job. this is a big deal because us getting a signature on the invoices can mean the difference between getting paid or not.
find someone else.. their help desk refuses to speak to the actual person who handles my business books and wanted to do nothing more then waste my time when i have business to run! square is looking even better! 112019 updated response to quickbooks. the person was on the account and had full access. again wasting time and money and horrible customer service.
very handy little app. as said in other reviews it is a little different from the computer version but it is such an easy way for me to do my invoices on the go! it's all set to go and it tracks all of my invoices and sends me reminds of unpaid one too! great little helper!
plumbing company. good product, customertech service could use some more training.
cannot drill down for info. why bother making an app if you can't drill down for information? i am able to have full functionality with our hosted data base, so why can't intuit make this happen? i love intuit's products, so this is most disappointing.
a lot of good features but could use more reporting and check printing. overall i am very happy with the ease of use of quickbooks. i would like to be able to run more detailed reports but other than that i am happy.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
fab. brilliant app that updates instantly, giving a visual handle on your business at any time. thank you
no option to add revenue into qb. there is not option, i have found, to integrate revenueincome related transactions into quickbooks. topnotch when it comes to documenting expenditures, but lacking when it comes to revenueincome
plenty to be desired. there are options such as making expenses billable is not available. previously had issues with adjusting tax in the app and the support team told me to use the web based version. what's the point in having an app with features when the support team just tells you use the web version.
great software all round. quickbooks is easy to use and manage. software and app work easily together. makes small businesses life simpler. love being able to use app to do expenses and invoicing on the go.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
bad update. keeps asking me to sign in every time. can't use touch id or pin. fix it quick! 😩
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
لايدعم اللغة العربية كفواتير. arabic language support at least in invoices not in gui which is an easy job to do ! arabic invoice with rtl support in produced pdf is needed to let me think to subscribe .
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
valerieh. works great! they should combine all features of quickbooks. too many separate parts or features of quickbooks that customers are being charged for
worst user experience. app is made of complex processes..i they are more focused on collecting data than providing service..uninstalled within 3 minutes
love this app!. very easy and simple to use. i can instantly add details from job to job and also great for keeping track of what's going on in my company. thanks jdm auto detailing
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
still slow & buggy. home page shows update date as current and. transactions to reconcile yet when i go to the individual accounts to do it the numbers are either wrong or transactions not there...
excellent app. i like the qb app better than the online version of qb. the app is easier to use and allows me to operate my business with no paperwork and less time spent doing bookkeeping and office work.
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
agree with useless. not what i expected. does not have the same functions as qbo. disappointed! would have been great and convenient if all functions were available.
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
jan 2019 update is a fail. i’m a daily  hourly user. the january 2019 update won’t keep me logged in. after about 90 seconds i get an error message and get logged out.
"ireland. works well in ireland but some difficulties with irish vat which for small businesses operate on ""receipts basis"" for vat. but work arounds available.. reporting is great. emailing invoice is so easy. this is cloud accounting at the best and improving all the time. david fields in dublin ireland"
pretty good. it has improved over the years but still needs work. one thing that needs improved is that once an invoice is created its harder to edit a line item without deleting it and reentering the line item. entering payments is not as easy with the app is it is with the web based version. i always use the web based version when possible.
iphone 7. ios 12.2. the app was okay with its limits. but now it won’t even open my company profile.
wecan. easy to use on the go.
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
why bother?. don't understand why they bothered developing this app? much more functionality available using safari and logging into quickbooks!
works good. does awesome job for business, accounting
invoicing easy. easy for invoicing etc, but less intuitive for expenses and linking accounts etc. especially as it will or allow me to sync my main business account!!!
crashes on launch. latest os installed, the app crashes when i try to open it. hope a fix comes soon!
great app. an amazing application for small business owners. a personal accountant only for 700 egy a month + you learn accounting
needs work. i need to be able to print checks, but i haven't been able to figure out how yet. good for some things but not others. can't find how to access recurring transactions either.
quickbooks slow and hard to work. hard to understand and work. cannot pay on invoices on phone but can on computer. system is slow. give me the old system any day
impresessed. this app helped change my business!!!!!!!!!
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
bugs and bugs it a jungle. 1. kicking out of the app very often. 2. not able to email multiple invoices at one time. 3. limited search capabilities. cant search notes and description. :(
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
quickbooks phone app. so easy i can’t believe it.
fix log in problems. the latest update made logging in extremely difficult. i am no longer able to use my pin or fingerprint even though they are both enabled in the app.
love it. easy to use and understand. have recommended it to everyone i know. great app.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
new update is awful. the newest update is so awful! i can't post things on my invoices, i can't email invoices, nothing! it acts like it is doing it, but then it freezes and tells you to refresh before making changes. i refresh, make the change again, and it gives me the same message again. awful update!
easy. i can't believe how easy this app is to use!
too expensive. would give it 5 stars if it was cheaper $20 for just invoices give me a break
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
app. grate app worth purchasing i'd recommend this to anyone
very good. good job i would like to add pictures to the estimates i would like to see a calendar with all the jobs and i would like to drag them to change it to a different date
doesn’t seem to work very well. every time i open the app it says some of my qb data couldn’t be loaded and that i should pull down on the screen to refresh. i try refreshing but the message never goes away and i never get that data...
great applimited function. it is a great app. wish it had full functionality. payroll within the app. not a extra app. that only works. if you want ituit to handle everything. need to work like accessing from desktop. writing checks should also be there. plus running reports. but it is a great app. with limited function. has gotten better. just wish it was getting there faster.
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
app crashes after each action. i use the desktop version most of the time but when i need to use it when away, it’s really frustrating that the app shuts after every action making doing anything painfully cumbersome.
awesome app!. i love this app. the ability to check the status of an invoice or review an expense on the go is amazing.
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
app ruined. this is getting old. the app seems to be unusable every time an update heads out way. my invoices are showing old data, are not updating to show payments and do not match what is correctly shown in the real online desktop service. please fix , and stop updating prior to testing
easy to use. love this app, easy to use.
not bad. categorising expenses has been incredibly time consuming to say the least. once you have your data in order you can start to make some decent reports but just getting over that initial hump is frustrating. shortening loadsave times along with better tabular data editing tools would make a big difference.
can’t record invoice payments. i upgraded my phone from an iphone 8 plus to an xr running ios 13. i installed the quickbooks app from the apple store. when i try to record invoice payments, i get the following error: qbm.error.00001160.reason.iphone i have not found any articles about this error online.
awesome app!. great software, well written and updated regularly, moves seamlessly between phone ipad and desktop
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
frustrating. decided to go with qb to simplify my accounts and let me do them incrementally through the month. very disappointed that sync works intermittently and leaves gaps. may be returning to paper is it isn’t sorted soon
easy to work with. it's just incredible to use and work with.
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
bugs galore. i hvae been using this app now for 4 years and it is the buggiest app i have ever used. there are times where the app works flawlessly, and when it does it is a great tool, however this is a small percentage of the time. i would not recommend using the online version to anyone using the desktop version. the worst thing about the app is that you cannot transfer the content to the desktop version for mac.
came in clutch. needed to organize and file taxes and p&l reports. quickbooks self employed and main app really helped do this in record time, fast and efficiently. glad i chose quickbooks!
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
needs to be qb online, this app is something else entirely.. the ipad version of this program (and android for that matter) really need to match  exactly match  the web version accessed through quickbooks online in a web browser. the differences are notable, and the experience moving from one version to another is unpleasant. i can’t recommend the ipad version of this program.
very easy to use and good app. very easy to use and good app
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
touch id still doesn't work. they said they fixed touch id but if you do not use the app for a while it prompts you for a password every time still. app works pretty well otherwise for quick checking of accounts and expenses. actually putting expenses andor invoices can be a little cumbersome. i'd rather use everything online.
quickbooks online app. very simple use, efficient and stable. i have no complaints!
presently surprised. i really did not want to move away from the desktop version i purchased, back when that was a thing. however, i am really enjoying being able to create invoices, collect payments, etc. while on the go. so i suppose i will get used to this payasyougo thing ;)
no longer works on ipad. this app is no longer functioning as of the most recent update. it used to work on the ipad. the camera feature is difficult to use when trying to take a picture of receipt. it doesn't allow me to record payments any longer. please fix.
better than i thought. i would have given it 5 stars but i would like all the features on the app just like the browser but is overall good. they're making by easier to use also
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
ipad perfect until ios 8.5. app hasn't worked since 8.5 update. have sent several request about the app crashing and no one has gotten back to me. i've deleted and redone loaded, rebooted ipad, etc. when not crashing it's a 5 star app. please fix asap!
quickbooks app. great app makes my pool service business invoicing a breeze. i'm able to invoice on the job rather than back at the office. the time i save pays for the app every month. the only thing i'd like to see is either automatic statements or be able to send statements from my phone. thanks intuit
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
just awful!!!. is this seriously how you're going to roll out your app by pissing off customers. can't even sign in half the time due to 'connection errors'. your company is an ultra fail.
overall i recommend this app. i have a mobile veterinary service and use this for all of my billing while i'm on the road. it saves me time by allowing me to bill my clients on site at the time of service, and even process the credit card if they choose to pay that way. the only downside is that the cost per month lewis going up.
like the app. i find the app to be very useful in the field. unfortunately since the latest update adding new customers seem to slow the app down and to a crawl. wish there was a way to get that bug fixed
avoid like the plague!. app doesn't work, says trial expired. customer support are unhelpful and have no idea when it will be fixed. we have a years worth of books on this and now we need to find new software  we've been in business for more than 26 years and have never known service like this. seriously, find another solution. this is not the software you are looking for.
great app. i have to switch from another accounting software to quickbooks and every thing is easy to use and easy to navigate.i use it on my phone,desktop in the office.i wish i had it ever since i have been using the other accounts software.
works good, but could be better. the app has good functionality but is missing some key aspects of the online system. the app doesn't do payroll or purchase orders which is limiting. purchase orders would make it almost perfect.
not so great. appears so different on mobile then desktop. allot of functions not available in the app. can’t really use it on the go. for example cannot fill the site details on app as it dose not appear.
"super userfriendly. i love this app, as it is very easy to use even if you aren't completely accounting savvy. i would like to be able to setup ""reminder"" emails to clients who have past due invoices. other than that, i'm very happy with the features of this app."
pretty good. it has improved over the years but still needs work. one thing that needs improved is that once an invoice is created its harder to edit a line item without deleting it and reentering the line item. entering payments is not as easy with the app is it is with the web based version. i always use the web based version when possible.
limited features. good app but still too many features missing that require logging in to the website. e.g. vat and paying salaries as expenses.
good app. .
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
can't save invoices. love the app but after the latest update, i am no longer able to save invoices. most of my business is done through the mobile app, so this is a vital component. please remedy as soon as possible. thanks.
missing. really enjoy the service helping me to stay organized, but the app is missing a lot of the features on webpage or desktop version
"communicates across platforms. i enjoy being able to enter an expense on my phone app and see it on my laptop. i have had to discontinue the ""mac app"" on my new macbook because it shuts down or tries to log in without letting me enter the password and ends up in an endless loop. i just use the web version and that seems to be ok. i wish the easy to use features on my phone were as easy on the laptop."
update is awful.. please fix the app. it was great until the last update!! can't even get tech support without it crashing.
excellent app!. anything that can please my accountant and help me stay organised gets my vote!
a good assistant on the go. the phone app doesn't do as much as i'd like but i couldn't run my business without the software!
crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.. crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.
mr. brilliant app
paie. il serait vraiment apprécié de pouvoir entrer le temps travailler pour nos employés.
needs work. for such a big name app, i'm very surprised that it still hasn't been updated for iphone 6, especially considering we all pay $1540 a month for the service. the app could also benefit from touch id login, instead of requiring a pin code.
very easy to use, and company responds to queries and requests. i have used this app for 4 months now and find it is constantly improving and great to use
touch id. can we get touch id support to replace the pin?! otherwise very good product.
reinstall to fix bad update. i've had all the problems everyone else had with the new update. i believe the simple fix was to delete the app, and reinstall it. once i did that it's been working like it used to.
makes books much easier to keep updated. this is a powerful combination of mobile, camera, and bookkeeping. much easier than relying on the desktop.
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
great app. user friendly for billing and collecting payments. also help with keeping up with customers invoice balance!
connecting my business. as a carpender who has been in business for almost 20 years switching over to quickbooks this year has allowed a much more efficient process. the phone app has changed the speed at which i can respond to customers.
no employee section. this app contains nothing to help your employees, only the business manager. quick books could’ve at least added support for timesheets and such since they no longer allow you to save your timesheet in mobile browsers.
"great app for distributors. we can invoice and deliver on the fly without having to go back to the office to capture the ""in the moment sales"". our accountant has access and was able to set our account up to match his categories for a fast and no worry tax prep."
très bon programme. plus de travail pour entrer les dépenses! quickbooks va importer les transactions directement du compte de banque automatiquement!
almost usless. the app does not show all the info like logging in from a pc. also scrolling up or down on a page is very glitchy. quickbooks has a lot of work to do on making this app useful.
highly recommended!!. as a self employed tradesman, i was finding myself spending countless hours quoting & invoicing! this app has made running my business much smoother and given me free time on evenings (which is rare). admittedly it was pretty tricky to setup but the support helpline (both telephone & email) were fantastic at helping out. already recommended to other friends in the trade 👍
kevin morton. easy. not using any other software.
don't update!!!!. if you are using the current version of quickbooks online for your ipad 2, don't update. it will lock you out. then you will have hours of dealing with the horrible customer no service that intuit provide for this mess of a product.
time saver. i highly recommend this app, specially for small business. quick, easy and in combination with service m8 it's all i need.
room for improvement. it’s a good app, with some good features, perfect for using on your phone. it would be nice, however, if the ipad version was more like the web version with more of the features available there. it’s frustrating having to switch between the two versions.
only us users. only support for us companies. what about the nonus users?
quickbooks online is a lifesaver!. we have a small family owned and operated business. i love the simple user interface that quickbooks online uses. it's very easy to get started with and it saves us so much time. the reports are clean and well put together and it gives me so much flexibility when categorizing expenses. it also integrates perfectly with our square card reader and gives us the option to attach receipts. all around perfect bookkeeping software for people on the move!
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
limited. this version is very limited compare to the full computer online version.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
online quickbooks. quickbooks online is so different from the regular quickbooks. it will require a new learning curve to use it. hard to print payroll checks and regular checks reliably. it is handy to have things online, but it looks like we are a few generations away from it working well.
logging out.... every time i open the app, it logs out. so now i have to keep my qb password with me. love qb but hate this app. have raised the issue, been ignored.
jason. great app, but the online version needs progressive invoicing, fix that and its 5 star!
system modify for the better. great system except when you send an invoice out there is no way to mark it that it has been sent out . so you constantly have to keep a note book with all the customers and what is going on with each individual invoice.
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
amazing app!!!!. love quickbooks and also the app. excellent layout design. just one thing is needed. please allow the app to support touchid for the login process. this would be just the best update ever! thanks
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
app has low functionality. quickbook rocks but the app has very limited functionality leaving it as something not helpful to review reports
qb app !!!. love the app ! now with the new update i can log in with touch id :))) how fan, and saving much time.
presently surprised. i really did not want to move away from the desktop version i purchased, back when that was a thing. however, i am really enjoying being able to create invoices, collect payments, etc. while on the go. so i suppose i will get used to this payasyougo thing ;)
app is glitching. ever since the new update to the quickbooks mobile app, it has been glitching every time i try to open the app. every time i click the app it closes by itself. it's frustrating whenever i have to log anything in the app. i have to constantly delete the app and reinstall it for it to work properly again.
love it!. nuff said
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
good resource. i will update this as i see necessary, haven't made a customer service call yet. but overall the navigation is something to get used to because it's very in depth and many details that you would expect are included with the software.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
new update 115. the new update is horrible!! i used to be able to search customers by address and the search bar is gone. also, whatever screen i choose to be in, i have to fully close the app out to go back! what happened?!?!
like it but needs more features. i can do everything i need to from this app. i would like to see the ability to create purchase orders and pay bills & i just wish they had more integration with paypal.
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
recent update. worked great until most recent update. can't create new invoices now. when you save it says it's saving but then just stops.
great app. great app for small businesses
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
joke. the logo option is s joke for invoices (1x1) inch
electrical contractor. we really like this app and all its features. it’s fairly easy. i gave it 4 stars only because it is missing one important feature and that’s appointments. it would be one less app i have to download into my tablet and computer. it’s just a suggestion that would be so convenient all in one( hint hint).
qbo user. can't say i'm impressed. sure, it has your company info in it. but the most important functionality for a mobile user is time tracking. but there is no way to enter time on the run, in this app, that i can see.
i can't stand this program. logins don't work most of the time. functionality is severely limited (no expense tracking, no bill entry?! seriously). crashes regularly. horrible customer service.
nice app!. suits my needs...
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
awesome app!. really useful app!!!
very useful!. this app is very useful for my small internet cafe business. i can track anytime my sales and expenses. reports are generated realtime, no need to wait for your accountant. the app needs to improve the touch id system because it requires you to input the password after you have closed the app.
poorest customer service i’ve ever experienced. wow quickbooks has done it again making key changes without customer notification changes leave me hanging with no ability to do business then phone calls to customer service are long waits. must be effecting a whole lot of customers just a simple email or cs agent phone call might help. but the changes for worse again. seriously poorest service ever!!
owner. grate easy to use set up and keep track of spending and overdue invoices
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
"disappointed.... i had high expectations for this app., but it just doesn't deliver. half the features advertised return a message ""feature not supported at this time, please log on from a computer""! so what's the point? why not just not release the app until it works? looking for another option."
awesome app. i run a small business and i use quick books to manage my entire business! from estimates to invoices to getting paid its all so easy and fun to use! thanks guys
good by minor issues. works good in keeping up to date with customers and collections of money. sometimes has issues trying to log in.
missing the ability to record bills in app. really can't believe they missed the opportunity to take photos of invoices we receive using the ipad. apart from that it's a excellent app
no other compares. no other accounting software appprogram compares or gives you the power and knowledge at your finger tips. great app. easy to use. tons of features. perfect or managing your business on the go!!
muito bom. pode melhorar, ainda tem muitos bugs e erros do nada. mas o principal, deveria ter opção de compartilhar e orçamento por whatsapp, visto que apenas 1% dos clientes atuías requerem email, isso inclui empresas.
works good but. haven't been able to email invoices for over 2 months now.. what's up wit that??
great app. found this app so easy and user friendly for our small business 😃
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
online quickbooks. quickbooks online is so different from the regular quickbooks. it will require a new learning curve to use it. hard to print payroll checks and regular checks reliably. it is handy to have things online, but it looks like we are a few generations away from it working well.
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
good app. good interface. most frequently used functions included.
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
faire de la compta sans le savoir. j’utilise l’app depuis plus de 8 mois maintenant et rien à y redire, top pour gérer sa facturation même en déplacements, avec les rapports de gestion sur l’interface web et le lien avec l’expert comptable c’est parfait. je recommande !
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
needs more. i don't mind the app for our company. we hand write all of our invoices for the customer so the one thing i really wish you could do is put your own invoice number in.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
please prioritise. can you please forget about the fancy fonts and new colours!! first repair the many bugs and crucial features missing from this app so we can operate our business efficiently. once that’s done feel free to change as many fonts as you like.
great app. this does everything i need it to do!
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
crashes too much, stressful. doing accounting is difficult enough. why did quickbooks create an app that crashes and creates frustration then?!
worth it but one thing. it's good. useful. worth it. wish i could generate an invoice where i can change the dates of service  can do it on the mac app and online, but not on my phone.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
unstable bank syncing with capital one spark business. selling a functionality that isn’t ready for market... product is way too beta. needs more robust customization features for price of qbo, and portability across other qb versions, ie desktop, mac, etc.
excellent. intuit quick books is an extremely important account program which my business is built around, and the application is the cherry on top, enabling me to complete accounting on the go. absolutely excellent application.
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
game changer. highly recommend qbo for any business trying to keep up with the cloud.
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
easily the worst app on ios. this is the single worst and buggiest app on the app store. it is buggy, gives random permissions errors, and generally fails to get the job done.
valuable tool to have in the field. i installed the app, imported company files from my desktop and boom i was doing estimates and invoices in the field.
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
using for almost 30 yrs and about to quit. very sad that they charge for every issue now, to pay a bill, to use an invoice, even to do a credit for a vendor. it's going to be less expensive to hire a book keeper!
good app and getting better. really good features and helps when you are on the run. new reporting and features have been added which gives you quick company snapshots whilst you are away from the office
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
update. please fix soon app opens and closes after update.
awesome. this is a great app it's really easy to use with seamless integration with my desktop version. the response has been consistently fast when you process transactions, highly recommend !
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
very helpful.. this is a great app for writing invoices on the road, it's been very helpful!
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
poor. need to put password in every time i start can't write a service invoice and an amount
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
crashing in on the reliable. overall not a great product  i actually do enjoy quickbooks online. but this app is just atrocious. history improve in so many ways just to get one more star out of me
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
good app.. very nice program. works best with my ipad.
great app but. we need to have the ability to track mileage within the online version. also need to be able to auto fill a lot of data over to turbotax and allow it to do personal property taxes. i think the cost of this service is high for compared to the desktop version of which you can do more with. please work on the updates and continue to offer a great product.
exporting and texting invoices. anytime i export and try to forward an invoice to a customer with an android it will not send it. iphones are no problem, but androids do not accept it. i have to screenshot it. recommend patch to fix this.
so easy to go work with!!!. as a new business owner this app makes the process of dealing with the administrative side of it easy and convenient!
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
meh. dislike so many things about the app and online version. i would really like the ability to browse through invoices for ex. look at invoice #1 click next to see #2 and next to see #3 and the. be able to reverse this. unfortunaly this can't be done and one has to search specifically for an invoice by number.
the best app ever. now we can run our business with this app.very convenient and easy to use.
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
aplicación útil y práctica. el uso de la aplicación es fácil e intuitivo y permite controlar casi todas las funciones de la versión web. en mi opinión lo único que falta es la capacidad de hacer tareas offline. esto sería de gran ayuda para avanzar el trabajo cuando estás sin conexión (en un avión por ejemplo) y también es importante que se amplíe la posibilidad de conectar con más bancos, el mío no está disponible ahora y eso es una carga de trabajo extra. enhorabuena
sparkyreviews. i used to use invoice2go but fed up of how complicated and expensive it became, quickbooks allows for easy invoicing and estimating from home or on site, also allows me to review incomings and outgoings to my bank easily, giving me more spare time, and saving me money as i don’t need my book keeper anymore! could not be happier with this product!
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
happy customer.. perfect for contractors on the go
banking. great app just the banking doesn’t always pull over on fist couple tries to load transactions
hi. app don't work
awesome app. as a small business owner i'm constantly on the go. this app is amazing. with very little effort i can quickly add a new client create an invoice and get paid how i want.
loving it. i have never done reviews but i started my own business 6 months ago and having access like what is given to do invoices and billing is awesome
subscription renewal poorly thought out. i have been using qbonline for more than a year. it picked the worst time to time out and demand a subscription renewal. further it requires multiple logins and you must be st your desk top. nothing more frustrating than what amounts to a software crash when you are trying to get things done. huge fail quickbooks
best accounting software i've tried. this has got to be the most intuitive feature rich reasonably priced cloud computing package for small business i've ever seen. waaay better than myob, such a great little app.
print checks directly from ipad. when will the update happen that will let us print checks directly from ipad?
no pos. doesn't allow you to create pos. takes out functionality available on the full online version.
great app. love having qb on my phone to receive payments, send invoices and other routine activities.
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
love it so easy on the go. great support of an easily understood ap! perfect for my on road small horse business thanks
valerieh. works great! they should combine all features of quickbooks. too many separate parts or features of quickbooks that customers are being charged for
it's ok but don't get the most basic package. it's a vast improvement on another app i tried but the most basic pack makes me want more, upgrading now if i can so recommend you start with a higher grade package rather than the cheapest.
easy to use. easy to learn and use. nice to set up. help is always there if needed.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
best bookkeeping app. it has everything you need to make your small business life easy & hassle free!
ceo. quickbooks has a great feature that you can upload the receipt through camera! however, the camera should be smart enough to pick up information on the receipt, such as date, vendor name, amount, etc.... that will be intuitive!!
poor customer support. in general the service is good unless you need help ,almost no response from customer service , payroll service is poor .no follow up ,nothing invoice on ipad doesn't accept the customer signature anymore on ios 9 ,no update to be found either no phone number ,end of year will be a good time to switch provider
fantastic app. allencompassing and very user friendly
easy to use, no enough control. the app looks great and is easy to use. it does not however, give me basic options. one example is that i can't seem to add the cost of materials and labor for an item that i sell. only the price of the sale. i have to manually add in expenses for each item. it's tedious and doesn't give me a good reading of how my business is doing.
way too limited. the app for the ipad is too basic. i can create an invoice and email or print but if i need to print an existing invoice there is no option to do this. after receiving payments there is no way to deposit them to my bank. i can't believe that qb would release an app before testing it. i am hoping that there will be an upgrade soon to make it functional. disappointed!
useful app. adds a lot of useful abilities to your mobile device. i'm not a heavy user of it, but i have not had issues with it for months using the basic features.
good, but not comprehensive. it is useful for seeing a basic snapshot of your company, but lacks some of the more useful functions (such as, for us at least, paying employees, reconciling accounts, and viewing job profitability reports).
nightmare. since the latest update quickbooks has been a nightmare. multimillion dollar company that relies on mobile invoicing that does not work now!
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, dient handel banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
touch id doesn't work; features spread across too many apps. intuit still spreads all the quickbooks features across various versions of apps (online, self employed, desktop, etc) that all require separate subscriptions and there's not one single app that can do it all. touch id on this app is broken so it only offers fingerprint access within a few minutes after the first unlock. then, it's back to password. i really wish there were better alternatives.
touch id rules. much easier to login now.
please support khmer keyboard. please support khmer keyboard
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
amazing app for a small or medium business. very user friendly. don't have to be an account to enter data, app allows you to do everything on the go.
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
horrible horrible app. this new version is terrible! it will not save invoices for payments when i apply them, but then when i log in to the desktop version there's duplicate and triplicate payments.
easy. quick books is very easy and fast!!!
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
app not working  version 4.3.3. app not able to connect. consistently showing ‘temporary unavailable'
tax preparation. i love quickbooks. qb has everything i need for my accountant at the end of the year. makes taxes soooooooo much easier 💗
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
rockin. full throttle on the go. just buy it, you want regret it.
could be better. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
recent changes. i love the app! very helpful when i am out and about .. why did it recently change  making all entries for customers the same. i can no longer see what invoices are open or overdue. this has to come back!!!
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
meh, no project profitability reports in the app. as a construction business all our accounting revolves around p&l reports per project. the onlinedesktop app gives us the project report but the app does not, which makes the app pretty much useless. our best solution is to login to our qbo account through safari on the phone to see the real time project profitability, shouldn’t the app do that?
solved my invoicing problems. now i can invoice quickly from anywhere. then track and record payments. very simple yet powerful. love the mobility.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
crashes. every time i try signing in the app says my sign in has expired.
great app. makes life easy. one addition will make it perfect. add journal entry to the app.
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
can't save to send out invoices. i've used qb since 2000. always satisfied. just today the iphone app is not working accordingly. the app is not saving my invoices, which then allows me to send to clients. i tried customer service. all i got was ringing and transfers to other ringing. not sure what has hanged now i'm sitting here with no way to send out my monthly invoices.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go and how it syncs with quickbooks online.
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
crash crash crash. it used to work but now it crashes right when i try to open it.
great business tool. this program has helped me i the field like no other program i can think of.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
mileage tracking horrible. the mileage tracking is an absolute nightmare. stop trying to use my current locating and let me actual choose the locations i have saved. so, frustrating when your trying to bounce from job to job.
very convenient. app is great when you are not in your office.
touch id. can we get touch id support to replace the pin?! otherwise very good product.
does not work. cannot trust any invoices under clients or vendorsall are bad. only thing it can be used for is to take a photo of a receipt and add it to a vendors account. can make up an estimate in the field otherwise it is terrible
good but need more adding. covers all your needs a lot of options, nice app, few missing things like no specific area for the barcode when you creat a new item. it’s friendly use but need more simplicity other than that it’s ok
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
function doesn't follow form.. 5 stars for functionality, subtract 4 stars because it's been 5 months and quickbooks still isn't optimized for iphone 6 or iphone 6 plus. the wasted space and bloated images are annoying; and the lack of willingness to adopt to new display resolutions makes me not want to invest in intuit products and services.
amazing for bussiness. this app is the best thing a small bussiness owner can have two thumbs up and five stars
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
great system easy to use. i really like the online version better than the windows. the app is easy to use there's some issues with it though, i would ole like it better if you could use and access every thing as if you were on your computer. i don't always have time to sit down at the desk and go threw every thing.
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
garbage. do not use this app will create an accounting nightmare can’t export back to desktop or keep your data with out staying up with their monthly payments just junk
helped a lot. i am so happy that i listened to the accountant at work who recommended qb to me. it has made tracking business expenses and my taxes so much easier.
qbo user. can't say i'm impressed. sure, it has your company info in it. but the most important functionality for a mobile user is time tracking. but there is no way to enter time on the run, in this app, that i can see.
too much and too little.. the various plans either offer too many bells and whistles or not enough basic functions for a small company. tons of redundant functions, and glitches are rampant. and quite frankly, except for the 12 year beginning subscriptions, the plan prices are overly expensive. cannot recommend this programapp at all.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app.
works for me. the system is somewhat easy to use, and works for my purposes. although it's a shame that this is the only option from quickbooks for canadian mac users. not even a desktop version is available. if you have another option besides mac, it would be cheaper to own. you could get quickbooks pro for $250 for windows desktop. or pay 1 year of quickbooks essentials for $240.
terrible. glitchy. doesn't update new transactions. hard to navigate compared to desktop qbo app. honestly, intuit knows it can do better than this. they're just greedy.
fantastic app. really easy to use. saves me a lot of time as i can do my invoicing on the go. make sure you sign up for quickbooks online, not self employed, and then your accountant can use quickbooks accountant to access your files.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
latest update. the last update has the photo settings all messed up. you can no longer capture a good picture that will send with invoices. it either won’t attach to the invoice or it’s cropped automatically to the point the entire page doesn’t show. needs to be fixed. already looking at other options for my business.
intuitive. qb does a great job with the app. easy to understand if you use qb online.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
create a project under a customer for ios. this needs to be added asap. we are a mobile company and would very much utilize creating a project on the go in ios. both for ipad and iphone. thanks.
first year using qb and like it!. first year implementing qb in my business. the mobil app is a great addition to help with efficiency. great for adding pictures of receipts!
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
cant update billing info in app. slow, awkward layout, intelligent prefill of categories usually incorrect slowing down workflow. will be using moyob to set up accounts for my next fy.
works well enough. i'm not in love with using apps on my phone, so it was confusing to relearn the app after the recent update. i can't seem to find some things on the phone app that i can easily find on a laptop.
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
can’t record invoice payments. i upgraded my phone from an iphone 8 plus to an xr running ios 13. i installed the quickbooks app from the apple store. when i try to record invoice payments, i get the following error: qbm.error.00001160.reason.iphone i have not found any articles about this error online.
great functionality across platforms. i use qbo to do estimates and invoicing on a laptop, ipad and iphone. i occasionally swipe a credit card too and they all perform very well. little bit presentation on each device but they all work!
sparkyreviews. i used to use invoice2go but fed up of how complicated and expensive it became, quickbooks allows for easy invoicing and estimating from home or on site, also allows me to review incomings and outgoings to my bank easily, giving me more spare time, and saving me money as i don’t need my book keeper anymore! could not be happier with this product!
useless. this app is useless because if you have an online account with mac or pc you cannot use this app on your ipad! save your time, don't download it.
quick books app. it works as good as my computers program! i can do the work i need to right from my phone!
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
very slow. this app is very very slow.. 10 minutes to load , another 10 minutes to load customer screen, and 15 minutes to apply 1 payment
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
paie. il serait vraiment apprécié de pouvoir entrer le temps travailler pour nos employés.
ui design issues. a lot of navigation buttons use white text on a light grey background, making them almost impossible to see. this makes navigation through the app very difficult.
great product. we are a small operation just starting out and quickbook has been perfect for us. does what's on the box and a whole lot more! the connectivity with the bank is terrific.
i prefer it to the 'software' version. i like the mobile access.
time tracking missing from app. i bill services by the hour and pay extra for the version of quickbooks that supports time tracking. was very disappointed to see this feature completely missing from the app. it’s such an obvious thing to have on the go. now i need to have a totally separate system to track time...
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
latest update works with ios13. normal operation resumed.
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
progressive payments. love the accessibility and simpleness of creating invoices. would love to see progressive invoicing added to quickbooks online
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
login will not allow me to paste my password. i use quickbooks online, so i use a very strong password that is stored in an app (1password). it would be extremely annoying to hand type a 25 character random password into this app. and i'm unwilling to compromise my security for my online financial data. therefore this app is totally useless to me.
awesome. the app provides an excellent opportunity to update all expenditures to find out exactly what's in my bank account anywhere i have signal for my phone.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
mileage tracking horrible. the mileage tracking is an absolute nightmare. stop trying to use my current locating and let me actual choose the locations i have saved. so, frustrating when your trying to bounce from job to job.
convenient. great app now i can do the books from anywhere
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
could be better. while it's great to access your company file while mobile it lacks certain details and or functions that make it a complete app. the option for creating purchase orders is available but only for an expense not an inventory item. disappointed.
good app. haven't had a problem with this app.
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
it was barely ok to start with!. i had used quickbooks for several years and then went to the online version. i liked the features it had, but really didn’t like the 600.00 a year fee. for the most part it worked, but never all of the time. then when they raised the subscription price to 720.00 a year, that was it. i said good bye and found another program. no regrets!
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
awesome!!!. fantastic and love how much this program does for you. very simple to use.
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
meh. dislike so many things about the app and online version. i would really like the ability to browse through invoices for ex. look at invoice #1 click next to see #2 and next to see #3 and the. be able to reverse this. unfortunaly this can't be done and one has to search specifically for an invoice by number.
wow!. really cool app! it's linked on all my device! i can make invoices on my phone and send it to my clients directly from email! cool stuff!
muito bom. pode melhorar, ainda tem muitos bugs e erros do nada. mas o principal, deveria ter opção de compartilhar e orçamento por whatsapp, visto que apenas 1% dos clientes atuías requerem email, isso inclui empresas.
do not use mobile to create your account. lost all our data on our old account because apparently if you first sign up using ios you absolutely cannot continue the subscription using your computer. had to just make a new account. you also can’t access any of the profile from the computer once the subscription runs out so i wasn’t able to download and save any of the data either. do not use mobile to create yor account.
good app. i've come to like the app as i've explored it. it allows you more options in one device instead of having multiple devices to complete your work. plus it's portable and can be used at home or on the road
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
pdf note on ipad. why can't we add a pdf note on ipad app. i can do it by accessing desktop version on ipad. but it's a pain doing it that way. it would be simpler to add that option to the app. come on guys keep up with the technology. quit lagging behind.
excellent. very happy. now they just need to have a feature that auto extracts information accurately from receipts :)
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
great app. works well recommend for chippys like myself :)
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
"convoluted. extremely difficult to navigate. what should be a simple site to use, turns out to be very convoluted. far, far too many ""choices"" on how to input invoiced paid. transferring data from your bank account is a nightmare. site keeps suggesting i've already added that data....saying, oops, you have a ""match"". welllll, yeeees, many of my monthly bills are exactly the same amount each month, a recurring bill. not a match. arrggggg"
easy to use once set up!!. works great
needs a little work.. i need you to install the option for leaving a tip in your sales receipt
horrible. what a joke. all i want to do is be able to go to my online account. every time i try to do that it pops up to install this app. i did. now when i go in nothing looks the same or works the same. you would think i would be able to go online without this horrible app. i would give it zero stars if i could.
great app. love it! easier than the desktop version!
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
broken. i sign in and all it does is take me to a screen that says it isn't quick books mac. the only buttons on the screen either take me to a webpage saying the app isn't quick books for mac or takes me back to sign in.
intuit quick books online. rad app! it performs quick calcs with the tap of a finger even better than the online version. nicely done!
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
ads and limited features. it’s a hassle to figure out how to say no to the ads without accidentally buying something. that applies to ipad and web version. the ipad has limited features compared to the web version. if you pay for qb online, you will forever be a small business, working for intuit.
intuitive and robust.. a welldesigned, robust application. with functionality that crisscrosses accounting and nonaccounting domains, this is definitely a winner and a keeper. as other reviewers have said, support is amazing. the app is always evolving and improving. 5 stars for easeofuse, robustness and flexibility.
prices keep going up. prices keep gong up. it has doubled since i started.
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
great app. great app. gives me complete flexibility while operating my small business!
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
too much and too little.. the various plans either offer too many bells and whistles or not enough basic functions for a small company. tons of redundant functions, and glitches are rampant. and quite frankly, except for the 12 year beginning subscriptions, the plan prices are overly expensive. cannot recommend this programapp at all.
excellent program. finally found program that lets me do everything on go and let's me stay on top of company finances without my falling behind! thank qb
paie. il serait vraiment apprécié de pouvoir entrer le temps travailler pour nos employés.
don't make me log in repeatedly. it's an app.. ux execution for this company is repeatedly abysmal. i have an account. i download the app. i activate thumbprint authentication. and they repeated log me out and have me sign in again as though i'm a new user to a web site. this kind of crap ux plagues this app in the most annoying spots.
excellent product. great for sending estimates and invoices on the go. everything i need to see right at my fingertips and very user friendly.
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
permissions issues. i would rate 4 stars if the app permissions were accurate. whenever adding a note or signature to an invoice i'm informed i don't have permission to make that change, however i do have permission to make the changes and the changes are reflected in the invoiceestimate.
easypeasy. this was the first software that made perfect sense for my social media management and marketing company! i'm unclear why there are so many complaints. i have had no problems or unrealistic acceptance.
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
quick and easy to use. simple interface. invoicing made easy #taxfordummies
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
app is lacking. while i really like the online version of quickbooks on the desktop, the online app is definitely lacking. i can't check my check register. no reports. just not useful without this.
love quickbooks. love being able to check things quick on the app and i love how you keep the software up to date with changes!
crashing in on the reliable. overall not a great product  i actually do enjoy quickbooks online. but this app is just atrocious. history improve in so many ways just to get one more star out of me
"bad idea. i downloaded to approve parole only to find i need a second app for that. two out of three ""recognized"" transactions are inaccurate. back to my mac for qb. ugly app guys. sorry..."
best app ever. love quickbooks online.... easiest way to keep all my accounts and expenses in order.
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
crap. this app is a piece of crap my dad got it on our computer.when u scroll it goes the opposite way and there is also a bunch of other crap. i would. it recommend getting this
thumbs up for the business help!!!. take the time to go through the orioles and this is an amazing app to help with any small business!!!
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
critical simple feature still missing  for years!. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
great for business. it's great that you can send invoices from phone. it would be even greater if it had a deposit feature. that way when you're at the bank you can just look on the app and see and check off your deposits from undeposited funds.
ok but needs work. we have 4 ipad2 running his app to invoice and do estimates on the go. much better and faster than previous versions. would still like to see some type of service form so we can make multiple service calls on a project then tally up and invoice together. also the new activity page doesn't show sent info on invoices and estimates. that was very helpful. they should put it back in. overall better.
"rarely works. the quickbooks app worked great for awhile. now with the last update, nothing refreshes. i'm always receiving messages that it can't ""update at this time. try again later."" very disappointing"
easypeasy. this was the first software that made perfect sense for my social media management and marketing company! i'm unclear why there are so many complaints. i have had no problems or unrealistic acceptance.
gran sistema. é ora che si diffonda anche in italia....
touch id doesn't work. touch id still doesn't work. i just downloaded the most recent upgrade and touch id still doesn't work. i'm still required to enter my password each time i open the app. please fix. otherwise, i really like this app.
great. great software.
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
can't save to send out invoices. i've used qb since 2000. always satisfied. just today the iphone app is not working accordingly. the app is not saving my invoices, which then allows me to send to clients. i tried customer service. all i got was ringing and transfers to other ringing. not sure what has hanged now i'm sitting here with no way to send out my monthly invoices.
great app. great app for tracking all my company transactions. love that i can get a tax report for quarterly reporting.
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
pretty basic and useless. can't do a lot of things. when i'm on the road and away from my laptop i really need to be able to do more stuff. can't customize any reports at all other than by date. can't run reports by location , can't make many edits , can't easily access the data i need. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account.
difference maker. love the program, made it much easier to price jobs, track paidunpaid invoices and keeps track of all business info
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
invoicing easy. easy for invoicing etc, but less intuitive for expenses and linking accounts etc. especially as it will or allow me to sync my main business account!!!
has some 🐜. i really like qbs. sometimes i cannot send invoices or edit. a message pops up saying that ‘try again later’. i would like to use my own design for my invoices instead of the very simple format i can only use in their system.
good app. very useful
great app, slow to make revisions. app works good 98% of the time, there are some things that i would change and they do not seem to be changing them
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
phenomenal. quickbooks app on my phone combined with the online system is the best thing to happen to my new small business. i no longer feel like an accountant full time & business owner part time!
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
error!. somthing isn’t working and there is no support from the developer online :
"ireland. works well in ireland but some difficulties with irish vat which for small businesses operate on ""receipts basis"" for vat. but work arounds available.. reporting is great. emailing invoice is so easy. this is cloud accounting at the best and improving all the time. david fields in dublin ireland"
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
happy customer. easy to use is an understatement
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
keeps crashing. app doesn’t work . no updates in months
simple, just plain works.... easy to set up, use and send invoices, receive payments and figure out the taxes.
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and redownload it relogin yeah that doesn’t work.
it's good enough. this a good app helps out when in the road.
actually professional now. i was using word to create invoices, then excel to keep track of when they were paid. now it's all done in one place and even sends a professional looking invoice to my clients! i should've moved to quick books long ago!
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
great functionality across platforms. i use qbo to do estimates and invoicing on a laptop, ipad and iphone. i occasionally swipe a credit card too and they all perform very well. little bit presentation on each device but they all work!
sales. it would be nice if you could take the copy of a receipt prior to that posting on quickbooks to save it for when the actual download appears. if that could be perfected i would give it a five star
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
easy to use and great features. i moved to quickbooks after trying xero, and find it at least as good for my needs and much better value. good foreign currency support, which is important for me.
très bon programme. plus de travail pour entrer les dépenses! quickbooks va importer les transactions directement du compte de banque automatiquement!
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone. my only gripe with the app and it's operations is that not all of my customer emails that are sent are being received by my customers. i have highlighted this to quickbooks and they were extremely unhelpful in assisting with rectifying this matter, which i found extremely disappointed given this is a paid subscription service, and not a free service.
efficace. je suis seul dans mon entreprise et ce service me permet de créer et consulter n’importe où mes factures et autres éléments. l’interface smartphone est géniale en ce qui me concerne.
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
unable to signin. since the update, qb won't authenticate on iphone 5s: either it states technical difficulties or the login info is incorrect. i'll uninstall and install to see if that resolves this new programming error.
awesome app. feature rich and also user friendly
falta información. deberían dar acceso a inventario. aún que sea sin los reportes, para dar una mejor experiencia al usuario y enamorarlo más de app
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
great easy to use. i love the mobil app really lets me work outside the office.
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
please fix. please fix the issues with signing in. i am often told it is unavailable, try again later. also, it's not multiuser friendly!! love to have this app work for a simple business. please fix bugs!!
owner. does great. especially when i'm in the field.
good by minor issues. works good in keeping up to date with customers and collections of money. sometimes has issues trying to log in.
quick books. not happy with the new update i have a vision problem and it makes it hard to see and read please change it
works well and good value. we migrated from the desktop version and that was relatively easy to do and the online version is cost effective and does what it says on the tin! it's great that it's on my phone and ipad as well as desktop gives me access when i need it. no issues so far and the support is good.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
clumsy. lacking in basic accounting features. inconsistent and confusing interface. out of harmony with the browser based front end. dfficult to believe that intuit would release a product this bad.
great app. it's quick and easy to learn. prefect for me.
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
expenses not current 1816. 1. somehow my current expenses are not listed under my checking account. the last entry is for 2012. please update. 2. it will be super to have the quickbooks payment iphone app also. 3. qb online plus is what i use mostly to have a current accounting report and i am hoping it is useful for my cpa when he checks my account.
good app. this app is a good. we like it on ipad and iphone too. thanks qb!
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
mileage tracker not working.. so far quickbooks support has not been able to get the mileage tracking feature to work on my phone. iphone6. won’t manually of automatically track mileage and wb support has not resolved or explained why. partial functionality is not good enough!
great app!. so easy to use, really makes a difference to be able to invoice and do payments on the move.
great app but signs you out a lot. this is a great app and it works almost perfect but there's one really annoying issue. the app signed you out a lot and doesn't give you the option of entering back in with touch id but rather having to annoyingly enter your password. please fix this as touch id makes life so much more convenient rather than entering your password. doesn't always happen but more often than it should.
generally does not work. if they generally updated everything they might needful go back a step or two. won't even open on the ipad anymore. crashes immediately.
love it, i use it everyday for my business. qbo has helped my business grow buy looking professional, keeping up with invoices, and giving easy ways for the customer to pay.
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
horrible. what a joke. all i want to do is be able to go to my online account. every time i try to do that it pops up to install this app. i did. now when i go in nothing looks the same or works the same. you would think i would be able to go online without this horrible app. i would give it zero stars if i could.
love quickbooks app. very easy to use definitely recommend
not bad but lacking ocr features. great app but the expense features is lacking ocr functionality that other apps provide for free. qbo please add ocr and auto input of date, merchant and amount in the expense fields. it will be so much quicker to match.
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
makes it easy. so glad i decided to go with quickbooks, update daily to keep track of expenses and sales. fantastic for my business.
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, doesn't handle banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
quickbooks on the go. i'm rating this so it will stop asking me in the app every time i open it.
crashes. same problem: crashes. looks good though.
david hall. great app , excellent for small business
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
opens the closes. after the last update of quick books i can not access it on my ipad. there for it is costing me money. i hit the app it opens the closes right back. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it is the same thing. i have 3 jobs i did today that i could not take payment on because of this. please fix asap
highest return on investment expense i declared as an llc. i honestly believe that quickbooks has help me get to where i am today! i am proactive and proud!
its great. does not have all the fetures like when you log in on a computer exp to make deposits a register. it works but now a days we all dont have computers any more. most people need software version for tablets ex ipad etc. other then some items needed in the next few updates it works great.
features bugged and gets worse every time they update it. transactions page on ios 13 doesn’t respond atall, you can categorise and transactions or match payments. stop updating the app when you haven’t tested it thoroughly... it’s getting to the point i’m going to start looking elsewhere.
great tool for those on the go!. while there is a lot of functionality missing that would make this app even more convenient, what it does offer is a tremendous help while on the go. from creating invoices to recording expenses to seeing your p&l and balance sheet, this app is a great tool and extremely easy to use!
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
works good but. haven't been able to email invoices for over 2 months now.. what's up wit that??
very much helpful. thanks quickbooks!!! your the best!!! only suggestion is hopefully i can also view on mobile app the quantity on hand of my products... thanks for making it easy for me to manange my inventory!! i love quickbooks i use this on my 3 branches 😊😊😊
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
at $12.99 month not free (false advertising). imagine my surprise, i trusted qbooks desktop to run my company, not sure i can trust some goof advertising free app and not letting you see anything unless you sign the free trial then $12.99month
great cloud based platform with all the features i need.. qb online is a phenomenal cloud based accounting platform (when using apple products). quick easy invoicing, banking, payroll, and report generation for the business owner on the go. seamless integration from mobile device to desktop with realtime updates and editing across all users. this platform slow me to run my $1.5 mil small business from my bed, boat, camper...virtually anywhere i have cellular signal. it allows me to be as mobile as i wish.
nick name. works for mobile receipts, entering expenses is really nice as you can take a picture of the receipt. even has limited reports. i don't understand all the bad reviews. what do you want it to do? for hvac contractor like me, it works really good.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
great app! great company!. in a sea of many companies like intuit, i am honored to work with them. the ease of use and professionalism are a great plus. all the stars fully deserved!
touch id. can we get touch id support to replace the pin?! otherwise very good product.
muito bom,. mas até hoje não arrumaram a descrição cnpj no orçamento que está aparecendo gov.uid no meu e poderiam acrescentar a opção de digitalizar documentos no observações e anexos já que a ferramenta já existe no despesas. entrei em contato com o suporte várias vezes e até hoje nada... está em aberto a questão do cnpj que vocês não entenderam, ve aí com o suporte e me da uma resposta então.
best accounting app. easy to understand & learn
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
freezes. freezes when saving a new client. app is useless.
great app. one of the best app on my ipad. great for auto repair invoicing. +++++
simply works. it does the job. would like to give 5 stars but unfortunately the app still doesn't allow me to work with multiple currencies.
défectueux. tout allait bien jusqu’à ce que je doives renouveler mon abonnement. maintenant, je n’ai plus accès aux fonctions du logiciel quickbooks en ligne. quickbooks me dit de téléphoner apple store et apple store me dit de contacter quickbooks. bande d’incapables! incompétents! la facturation fonctionne bien avec apple; les paiements sont retirés. c’est quickbooks le problème! réveillezvous!!!
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go.
bom. mas por favor criem a opção de exportar o orçamento direto pelo whatsapp 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
to complicated. don’t know how to get the max out of this app
update is amazing!. new update has corrected all issues, and the app works perfectly. love the design. perfect for small business.
my best weapon !! mi mejor arma !!. i own a landscape company, we do lots of renovations and i love to take pictures before & after and attach them to the invoices !! soy dueño de una compañía de jardinería, hacemos un montón de renovaciones y me encanta tomar fotografías antes y después de que se adjuntarán a las facturas!
"convoluted. extremely difficult to navigate. what should be a simple site to use, turns out to be very convoluted. far, far too many ""choices"" on how to input invoiced paid. transferring data from your bank account is a nightmare. site keeps suggesting i've already added that data....saying, oops, you have a ""match"". welllll, yeeees, many of my monthly bills are exactly the same amount each month, a recurring bill. not a match. arrggggg"
great program. i am a startup welding company, so computers are not my strong suit. literally self taught with qb’s help section, and a couple video tutorials. i mange my companies financials, expenses and payables on my own. this is a big feat being a neanderthal who sticks metal together.
not bad but lacking ocr features. great app but the expense features is lacking ocr functionality that other apps provide for free. qbo please add ocr and auto input of date, merchant and amount in the expense fields. it will be so much quicker to match.
overly complicated for sole prop. this app is useless for simple small business money in money out, it shouldn’t be this hard and definitely not worth the fight
"like it so far.... i am glad they have a mobile app to support qb online. i have used the desktop version for years but hated having to upgrade all the time. one change i would make is when entering expenses, i would like a ""debit card"" button with the cash, credit and check buttons. i use the ""check"" button for them now."
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
"so disappointing. in a never ending but now predictably disappointing offering that intuit calls its cloudbased offering ""quickbooks online"" we have a fantastically buggy and seamfull application with even more limited functionality than the web application. unfortunately it's a ""beggars can't be choosers"" scenario yet again as intuit continues to monopolize the market by utilizing profits for acquisition of competitors, rather than listening to customers to develop it's cloudbased core competencies. shakes head in disappointment."
halfway there. need ability to input bills. at his point qbo should have the feature to enable the input of accounts payable (bills). there are sometimes it would be very handy to enter a bill on the spot. please consider for future versions.
kevin morton. easy. not using any other software.
logs me off all the time. app is constantly requires entering password even with touchid enabled. not sure what the point of touchid is if a password is required
great system easy to use. i really like the online version better than the windows. the app is easy to use i highly recommend this app quick books has completely changed the way i run my business. every thing is so organized and neat now. i don't lose recipes any more. witch is a plus the total functionality of the system is great.
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
app login. i can not login to app using my online login details. have reset again and again and nothing works. very frustrating
great app. i personally find the app easier then the desktop version. everything is quick and easy to do. raise an invoice or estimate instantly and see your bank account balance. great.
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
quickbooks lies again. this app does not track mileage as advertised
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 3 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank. the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
great, when it works. app is great, seamless when it works. problem is, it's only about 75% of the time. lots of errors on the mobile and desktop versions. any complaints go unaddressed. if you can run your business on 75% proficiency with no accountability from quickbooks tech support, then this app is for you!!
not good. quite possibly one of the worst apps ever.
convenient access to financial information. we recently switched over from the desktop version of qb and have found the app to be a convenient way to view financial statements. i also really like the ability to take pictures of receipts and attach them to expenses from my mobile phone.
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
open & closes. what's going on. the app just open and closes on my ipad. i can access is on my iphone, but the ipad version is not accessible.
more functional than i expected. i generally consider the ipad mainly for viewing...not doing. that said i have been pleasantly surprised by what i can actually do in qb for ipad. i don't think i'll only use ipad but for beautiful reporting and basic functionality, i'm impressed so far.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
"awful!. there is no register or way to view only items in one account. only cleared items show up when you go to bank account ""in quickbooks"" item. no way to void checks. very poorly made for such an expensive program!!!"
excellent app. easy to use. makes record keeping on the go a snap.
qbo user. can't say i'm impressed. sure, it has your company info in it. but the most important functionality for a mobile user is time tracking. but there is no way to enter time on the run, in this app, that i can see.
"no support. staff is rude. need help checking on billing and the person says it's not my job. you can google the number for that question. i was like what support do you provide? her exact words "" nothing""!"
pretty good. nice to have my business account online so i can check and send invoices when needed. only annoyance is it keeps fully logging me out.
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
very beneficial app. this is a very beneficial app. it does not replace the pc version but is an excellent aid. it's helpful to send invoices on the go or at the end of a service call. the sooner the customer gets invoice the more chance i have of getting paid. it is a very good aid!
need this feature too!!!!. if an invoice is send it is send along with the intuit notification. as i am using a purchased version i need the invoice to be send completely under my company designations. apart from that drawback everything else is fine.
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
awesome app. quick books is really an awesome app. links up to accounts quickbooks payments. i can access from all my devices. it’s really versatile. you can make great estimates as well. emailed invoices and estimates look very professional.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
accountant. i love quickbooks online , very easy access and suitable for managing small business and big business
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
"doesn't like ipads or phones. i don't find the app very useful. on a desktop, you can find your way around easily enough. on the ipad or phone, you cannot. i have yet to be able to bring up our main register balance....it takes forever and then gives me a ""no transactions"" screen. i have been a cpa for over 35 years. this app, although it has some promise, needs a little work."
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
5050. good tool but it's slow in the network and chews threw battery.
no time tracking. our organization relies heavily on the time tracking functionality and the app does not support this. when you try to access the site to do the time tracking you are forced to use the mobile version of the site which does not support time tracking either.
great app, continues to get better. best decision i ever made for my business was moving to qb online. saves a ton of time being able to conduct business on the fly.
très bon programme. plus de travail pour entrer les dépenses! quickbooks va importer les transactions directement du compte de banque automatiquement!
still needs some changes. multiple addresses for a company is still a drama as it changes all pervious invoices and quotes. plus now on the ipad version it says i can't access until subscription is paid but it is.. works on computer but can't use my ipad. annoying!!!
great app!. i can operate from my cell phone and know where i stand in my finances while on the go! great app.
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
logs out every time  please fix this!!. for the last few weeks every time i login it says there are critical updates and i need to log out and back in. every time. nothing changes or updates. very frustrating.
quickbooks is fantastic!. this app is fantastic what a wonderful job they have done if you minor glitches in the expense area making expenses billable on ipad or iphone is broken otherwise fantastic app
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
phoned in. this could be such a cool extension, but like a lot of qb online, it feels a bit phoned in.  expenses show without account coding  what's the point?  report viewing is limited  dashboard is not customizable
east coaster. i love the online version. i can use my laptop, ipad or iphone to update, send quotes or invoices and even take payments via email.
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
labor cost. the software has all the infrastructure for tracking labor cost to individual customers. why can’t intuit enable it so the cost can be applied from weekly timesheets to the job cost of individual customers?
good but could be better. overall quickbooks online is a reliable usable and productive app. it continues to lack obvious things like an ap screen on the landing page and better shortcuts to accounts. but it does the job well.
5050. good tool but it's slow in the network and chews threw battery.
broken. i sign in and all it does is take me to a screen that says it isn't quick books mac. the only buttons on the screen either take me to a webpage saying the app isn't quick books for mac or takes me back to sign in.
the best app ever!!!!. there's no word i can use to describe this app. this is the best app i've ever seen. the functionality and the ease of use on iphone is amazing. 95% of my daily transactions are done on my phone. i love this app. good job intuit. no app does it better.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
needs to be qb online, this app is something else entirely.. the ipad version of this program (and android for that matter) really need to match  exactly match  the web version accessed through quickbooks online in a web browser. the differences are notable, and the experience moving from one version to another is unpleasant. i can’t recommend the ipad version of this program.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
good but. have had issues logging in or not accepting password
"sam. i havent logged in since. when i just launch the app, it says ""device offline"" everytime. although i use alll other apps smoothjy, why this? i even tried deleting it and downloading again..."
first year using qb and like it!. first year implementing qb in my business. the mobil app is a great addition to help with efficiency. great for adding pictures of receipts! only con, i jump between 2 qb business accounts and it's a pain to completely sign out to get to other account. wish i could just switch between the two, like desk top version.
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
general consensus. customer support for mobile app is horrible. the mobile app really needs some help. they should travel along with mobile users to see issues and frustrations that arise in the field. i am a professional but at times this app makes me look very unprofessional. the should work on offline features.
once you get the hang of it.. great little product for invoicing on the fly.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
steve brownunited fire consultants. we have used quickbooks in our business since our beginning. quickbooks has been very instrumental in our growth, and maintaining our customer, and invoicing solutions. we will continue our relationship with quickbooks in our future business endeavors. respectfully, steve brownunited fire consultants.
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
yep. great app...appart from the lack of multi currency function...
still needs improvement. there's still lots of room for improvement. one area to work on is having the mobile app work seamlessly with the laptop version of the app. i should be allowed to attach receipts to estimates & invoices in draft on the mobile app.
no access to payroll. the app seems to have a menu for everything except payroll. i find these types of oversights all over quickbooks online glaringly obvious features that are incomprehensibly missing and customer service has no answers. don't waste your time.
excellent online software. i love this system made my job a lot easier my phone is my office
great. works pretty good. can't match partial payments. those must be exact match unless il missing something
be warned about quickbooks. this is not software. it’s ransomware. every two or three years they make it break and force you to upgrade. the upgrade is the same price as buying it new. the online version is just as bad. when i started using it it was $15 a month and now it’s $40 a month. be smart and don’t become a slave to intuit company.
quick books. great app
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
useless. app is slow and hard to use.
qb has revolutionized business accounting. i have been using qb online since 2011 and can honestly say that it has delivered an exceptionally easy and effortless business accounting solution. one touch payroll and the ease of ap and ar management is awesome. i do all the accounting for my startup and i rely on qb to make it all possible. qb is continuously improving both the desktop and mobile apps to make my life easier. thanks doyle heisler founder wanamaker corp
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
not pleased. for one i still can't redownload the app after i accidentally deleted it. it's been months. i hit the cloud button and it does nothing. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
c'mon, you know you need it. subscribe already. better than zoho or jobber. very organized and useful. such a time saver and it makes my company look 5 times more professional. recommended!
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
great app. quickbooks online works really well, fits my needs as an independent consultant.
needs work. i need to be able to print checks, but i haven't been able to figure out how yet. good for some things but not others. can't find how to access recurring transactions either.
crapapp. quickbooks program is nice though the company's blatant lack of interest in the osx platform baffles me... this app is basically worthless and does not update to changes made online four weeks ago... they have light years to go before this app is worthy of being used...
rockin. full throttle on the go. just buy it, you want regret it.
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
unfinished app. you guys shouldn't have launched an app with half the major features missing.
freedom. great piece of software as i'm able to invoice customers right from a tablet and be on my way!! well done!
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
great program!. the pc version is wonderful the mobile app is steadily on its way
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app could be more full service"
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
essential to running my business. this app is very helpful, highly recommended
overall pretty good. overall i'm pretty satisfied with the app. my one major complaint though is that it doesn't support third party keyboards. so when writing invoices or estimates on my phone i can't use my swipe keyboard which i've gotten very use to using as my primary way of typing. it is to allow third party keyboards, but then they took it away. it would be nice to see this return.
bug. current iphone version doesn’t let me enter expenses. every time i try, i get an “error: please choose a template before saving.” huh?
small business asset. easy way to keep track off all those expenses, invoices, payments etc for a small business owner with little time to spend on administrative stuff.
kevin morton. easy. not using any other software.
many issues.... most of the time they come up with an update it does not work well after we update the app. they should test this updates before releasing it.
making life easy. qbs has enabled me as an absolute novice to business manage the financials of all components of my business. the ability for my accountant to look in and assist were necessary and conduct tax admin such as bas preparation has been such a relief. making life easy in small business is a welcome capability.
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations!
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
tax problem in hong kong. i mostly use it to do my expenses, now with this update, they force me to input tax. but there is not tax here in hong kong. didn’t have the problem before. i don’t know how long they need to fix that. 👎🏻👎🏻
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
half way. all i really want is something i can scan in my receipts with. they say they have this feature but they don’t. even the free wave accounting app has this feature and now i’m left wondering what the point of paying for this service is with an alternative such as wave.. not looking like i’ll be bothering to continue after this free trial if they can’t compete with a free alternative otherwise quite functional.
great app. very functional and easy to understand. works well with desktop version.
quickbooks on the go. i'm rating this so it will stop asking me in the app every time i open it.
it's ok not bad. it does the primary functions fine. gives you a decent insight with the new dashboard. one glitch is that it shows deleted invoices as past due.
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
needs work. i need to be able to print checks, but i haven't been able to figure out how yet. good for some things but not others. can't find how to access recurring transactions either.
bad user interface. the service doesn’t fully integrate with mobil usage. paying for the payroll service and can’t even use it. garbage, waste of money.
a+. awesome app. this makes my life so much simpler! super easy to use. 5 stars from this guy!
great. works pretty good. can't match partial payments. those must be exact match unless il missing something
terrible. this software is absolutely horrible. on all platforms.
great!. this app for quick books is fantastic! works just as it's supposed to! thanks!
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
amazing app. excellent service?
quickbooks on the go. i'm rating this so it will stop asking me in the app every time i open it.
fix the problem. good app, but fix unicode problem!!! if you are using russian language in the app, making an invoice after you send it to the client or just previewing it  if your invoice in russian than all you can see is ?????? ??? ????? it's definitely unicode problem!!!
great ap. great easy to use app really close to getting rid of my laptop entirely
not bad. this is a huge improvement over the standard quickbooks mobile apps. unfortunately, the deal breaker for me is that it still does not seem to include a way to capture a signature on invoices. many of my clients require a signature on each invoice that i forward to them, so i must continute to use my existing solution. i have hopes that this will be addresed in the future, as it otherwise seems to be an excellent product.
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
great for start up. the app works great! i can do nearly all of my bookkeeping from my phone. if i need more detailed i just use my laptop! the monthly subscription is nice too!
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
worst app ever ! not reliable. been using qb for may years, the last few years have been tough for them. we use our mobile app constantly, but it has many issues. it constantly crashes and some day it just won't open. not acceptable. we have taken to customers service many times, but the problems still persist. i get it growing pains right ? is just too much. we are looking for an alternative software like cero. sad but qb get 1 star .
amazing. i haven't seen smart accounting software like this 👍🏼
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
glitches. app has lots of glitches. try to create an invoice and it was not working. quickbooks has been awesome up to this point. i run my whole business through quickbooks in this new update has been a disappointment. should've left it alone!
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
not accurate. the data on the app does not match the data on my computer when logged into qbo. this gets worse with the more time that passes by. the only way to fix this, at least temporarily, is to uninstall the app from my phone and reinstall it again. that is a real pain! i will now delete the app all together!,
a really great app. quick books is pretty much all you could ask for when running a small business. it's online so all information and invoices are accessible from any device with internet. great customisable options. only minor thing is its interface is slightly more complex than other appsprograms but once you know your way around your fine.
receipt should be easier. i need to take the pictures first and upload them to qb it used to take the picture in the qb.
login will not allow me to paste my password. i use quickbooks online, so i use a very strong password that is stored in an app (1password). it would be extremely annoying to hand type a 25 character random password into this app. and i'm unwilling to compromise my security for my online financial data. therefore this app is totally useless to me.
great for self employed. this is great app if you are self employed or starting up by yourself.
gran sistema. é ora che si diffonda anche in italia....
no ability. i download the app and signed up, then i realized that i have to be self employed
happy customer. best small business software ever. qbs has made my life so much better and my books are much more accurate🤗. thank you for a user friendly accounting service.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
lost a key feature!!!😡. update is great except they took away the option when creating a new customer to use a contacts info that's on the device.
great app. very easy to use voice to text is amazing can't believe i hadn't done this sooner.
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
stuff always wrong or glitchy. seems every time i turn on quickbooks by pc or mobile app, something doesn't work! never buy online version, it sucks
good features and functionality. lots of functionality right from your phone. i like the fingerprint signin when resuming the app. would be good to see a save as pdf feature on invoices and quotes. i'd like to be able to upload them to the cloud from my phone or attachment them to an existing email i am writing rather than having to email separately.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
love it. i'm no doing anything super sophisticated but i love the app. easy to use to keep invoices and expenses current on the go!
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
no longer works with ios 13. i just updated to ios 13. the app now crashes immediately after it tries to launch my company. i tried reinstalling it but no luck. please fix this asap!
great app!!. no issues so far. simple to use.
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
improved quickbooks. it has many features than can help small businesses. the app can help you to organize, make use of spare time to do work.
simplesmente o melhor!!. usei vários softwares de contabilidade ambos para desktops e aplicações online, sage, xero etc nenhum chega aos pés de quickbooks! sage online a performance é abismal!
needs a lot of improvement. missing a lot of features and information available with the web browser connection. can't see vendor history. can't sort how inboxes etc are listed. a few other issues. freezes often. in the middle of invoice entry, the system bounced me out for some reason, while not saving the work i had entered to date. did that twice. before i closed out and went to pc web connection. i love the possibility this app offers, development need to fix and enhance
great app!. i was using quickbooks pro desktop 2013 before going to online 2016. all i can say is wow! i never realized how much i was missing. reconciling expenses with automatic bank and credit card transaction downloads can be done on my phone anywhere and anytime. no need to log into bank and manually download. huge time saver. also keeps me up to date on my finances with great reporting built in and at my fingertips.
quickbooks online. the application what ever so far developed is 55. (smooth, easy to use, great ui design). but there are many existing features missing between web and app. an by quickbooks online itself can have lot more basic features which is available in many other pos softwares to manage a firm. your updates are very minimal or nothing. developments are slow!! support team is reactions fast for the queries (just reacting) but no solution for problems or no concrete answers for new feature request.
not just yet..... still have to enter my password every time i open the app. touch id or app pin don't work. ipad and iphone data isn't identical. this is so annoying.... especially in front of customers!! tired of wasting my time. update: deleted the app and reinstalled it to see if that made a difference. touch id works for now. will update after some use. bumped from 2stars to 3stars. update same day: already back to manually enter in in password. 2 stars.
book keeping made easy. with constant updates this is the go to program for my business! this app assists in daily activity and allows me to be on the move.
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
lacking. there is zero way to customize reports on the go. it does not import saved reports from pc version. it really adds nothing  i'm better off keeping track of what i need to do and then do it on my pc.
i love it!!!!. i've been a real estate agent for over ten years & keep my expenses & income on spreadsheets, what a pain. this is awesome! i do wish however i could keep my mileage in this app also, do that & i'll give you six stars.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
mileage tracking horrible. the mileage tracking is an absolute nightmare. stop trying to use my current locating and let me actual choose the locations i have saved. so, frustrating when your trying to bounce from job to job.
best accounting app. the best accounting app by quickbooks . made accounting easy
actually professional now. i was using word to create invoices, then excel to keep track of when they were paid. now it's all done in one place and even sends a professional looking invoice to my clients! i should've moved to quick books long ago!
touch id still doesn't work. they said they fixed touch id but if you do not use the app for a while it prompts you for a password every time still. app works pretty well otherwise for quick checking of accounts and expenses. actually putting expenses andor invoices can be a little cumbersome. i'd rather use everything online.
very useful. i use it every day for my business.
online quickbooks. quickbooks online is so different from the regular quickbooks. it will require a new learning curve to use it. hard to print payroll checks and regular checks reliably. it is handy to have things online, but it looks like we are a few generations away from it working well.
small business owner. app has shut down before i could save and i had to start over in the field. i had trouble accessing it in the beginning. it is not easy to add an address to the invoice edit option for the template...
almost five star. the app is good, no crashes , only problem is that there has to be away to enter supplier bills , posted to accounts payable, not only as cash credit card payments
where's the touch password?. i use keychain so my quickboks password on my mac is super random, with dashes and strange symbols. i use quickbooks on my iphone so i can quickly add expenses when on the road and don't have a mac nearby. please add the touch password feature back in so the iphone app is convenient again.
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
does what it should. gets more inuitive with every update.. i am in better control of my business than ever.
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
update. says update required to use. i go to the app store to update and no update is available. been using it and working great till this.
love quickbooks. we have a small business and quickbooks is so simple and straightforward to use, it saves us so much time, and i can write and send invoices straight from my phone! love it.
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
fantastic app. works well! fantastic app!
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
small business owner. absolutely awful. i was forced to switch to online because of a fatal error of the desktop version on mac seirra. there are so many bugs and things that aren't available on online that were on the desktop. i literally call support for 2hrs a day.
good app!. add travel tracking to app
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
keeps getting better. i've had this app since its first release. i can finally rely on the phone  ipad app without needing to boot up my computer  including accurate profit and loss accounts and easy invoicing. the new bank reconciliation for the app works perfectly and is a very welcome addition for my business. i look forward to international currencies being supported in a future release.
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina thirdgeneration
the option yo use qbo doea not work for ages. the option to use google maps for location misdirects you to install google maps even if it is already installed. this issue had been there since ages and they don't fix it. that's why rated bad. google maps is a must for me. apple maps suck but the app leaves you helpless with apple maps.
good user experience. found the app very useful. made easy for me to update on the go. report wise, might be useful to have a report that prints out the attached receipt as well. good job guys
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
iphone4 not supported. all god if running ipohone5+
