not reliable. is not reliable. not a replacement for desktop app or web based qb online. different icons, different navigation, missing tools reports and features. data does not reliably import into app from accounts.
awesome, but somewhat lacking. i'm an it professional who does commercial & residential repairs, contracts, services and sales in person and on my ebay store (i'm self employed and do all this from home) and the quickbooks online version is way easier and faster to use than the traditional computer installed version. also, i didn't have to cough up $400-$600 for the desktop version (heavy program & used way too much memory) that will eventually be outdated. the desktop version had more options within the software, but the online version is more versatile if your utilizing multiple devices to run your business. as for me, i have a dedicated ebay room with imac the dedicated tech/repair room with mac pro server, the main office aka my office with imac and i work from my ipads when i'm in the family area (i have a bluetooth keyboard and treat the ipads as if they were mini-imacs and i can take signatures while out on a job-site and add receipts and pictures to estimates and invoices or the note section for each customer. if you have a regular wifi ipad like me, now with most companies like verizon, i can turn on the personal hotspot for free and turn my iphone into a wifi hotspot for my ipad. remember to turn off your personal hotspot when finished, otherwise it can continue to use your cellular data in the background. so, i utilize the flexibility of using the online version wherever i go. its paperless and i can run my business literally from anywhere. over-all i'm impressed and can work-cross platform or even from my phone if i'm out in the field working. however the main features are lacking in the ipad and iphone/mac app versions. you have to use a regular computer internet browser such as explorer, chrome or safari to see and use every quickbooks online option available, but don't have access to those options in the iphone, ipad and mac app version. there are times when i'm working with my mac app version or ipad and then i have to enter new business or administrative detail like a new credit card or bank account or more specific details and then the options don't seem to be in the apps at all. then i have to switch to the internet browser or go to a computer with browser in order to view some of the options i need to complete my task. kind of disrupts the flow, plus doesn't give 100% full access to all features with the apps, but is very close. every update it seems they add a lacking feature to the apps so, hopefully they keep adding until the online version and apps are full and complete. got 4 stars for overall versatility and convenience. didn't get the 5th star due to lack of features in the app version which makes me have to always use or switch to the browser. inconvenient when i'm out on a job utilizing my mobile devices then i have to dread finishing up loose ends on the computer when i get home. also, i would rather use the app because of its quick response and interface, because the internet browser always seems to be clunky and use more computer memory. my suggestion to any quickbooks rep reading this is to concentrate on the apps and let the browser be the backup option.
small business. i use it for estimates and invoices really don't use it to its fullest. but... i like it
love it!!!. this app makes things so easy to keep track of a job while in the field and saves time. love it!!!!
owner. app is a great convenience
turnover. i just really want to know how much i’ve turned over this month. can’t see how to get this easily in this app. in the desktop version it is on the desktop. can’t find anything about this
a small business must have. i have used quickbooks pro for my small company for many years, but i can't believe i have gotten this far without this app.
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
am i doing something wrong???. how does this app have a near 5 star rating? it is the most glitchy app i may have possibly ever used, ever!! you switch from the app to something else, it says it needs to restart. then it restarts but doesn’t work because it says my email is invalid. the only way to get this darn thing to work is completely close it and restart/resign in, every single time. i’m trying to create invoices with information from texts and i have to switch back and forth form one thing to the other - you can imagine my frustration when it makes me restart every single time!! ugh. not a good app.
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 2-3 words and it's there.
intuit. great app will be nice when we can scan bar codes on receipts
just one small bug. great app, easy to create invoices on the road and track payments. just a small bug, when i click on terms in invoice the app just crashes. other than that it's fantastic.
business owner. this is the best app on the market!!!
useful app. adds a lot of useful abilities to your mobile device. i'm not a heavy user of it, but i have not had issues with it for months using the basic features.
great app. i love working with quickbooks i can take it with me anywhere i go and makes everything with my business that much easier. i have used other apps that were good but they didn't tie everything together like quickbooks. i highly recommend it.
great app. great app for tracking all my company transactions. love that i can get a tax report for quarterly reporting.
good app it works. only early days, moved from reckon hosted, so far seems to be the best move. wish i did it earlier.
paid for itself in one hour. after a long, frustrating search for a robust but simple-to-use accounting platform for my growing fitness business, i came across quickbooks and have been exuberant ever since. my invoices go out on time, expenses go in live, and it even tracks my inventory. paid for itself in the first hour. highly recommend.
the recent update fixed the problems!. this app seems to be back to normal! 😄 qb online works great for working on the field and being mobile! 😊
not that good, just ok.. the app doesn't do everything. so i go to the webpage. when i do, there's all these dumb invitations and prompts to use the app, which doesn't do what i need it which is why i am there in the first place. marketers, true to their nature, are ahead of the tech department. i can't see the whole screen on some of the webpages. unless i go to a computer, which defeats the purpose of qb on-the-go, i don't know what is in the corners of the screen. the bill to and ship to shown on invoices and estimates is mega-aggravating. it ends up the in right spot sometimes, at best. how can i present myself professionally when qb is making unfixable typos on my behalf? if you enter a customer, then change what you entered at a later date, it's like a baby bird has imprinted on the wrong mom and it can't be changed. again, professionalism is at risk. baby bird follows you around indefinitely. however, qb does lots of things well. it is probably the best out there, which reveals a kinda pathetic marketplace for this stuff. good luck with qb!
great app. added immensely to efficiency of our business and interface with customers
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
defects still in app. app was brilliant until it started alerting that my trial expires so need to upgrade when i'm on a full package and not trial version? fix needed intiut.
statements. can't send statements or use bundles in the app. email customer services about it and they send you a email about doing it on your desk top. been asking for 6 months to have it added to the app. just get the same response while they add useless gimmicks to the app.
disaster to sign out. i happened to see this app and found it is interesting to scan invoices but turns to be that i have to be a “company” to use it and have to pay so much for it! so expensive!!!!!!
excellent mobile access to finances. recently my laptop crapped out and just before, i moved from the desktop application to qb online. and i'm glad i did! the ability to input expenses, manage invoices, photo receipts, and keep my bank account balanced on my iphone and ipad are totally worthwhile. most important this application allows you to import your desktop past transactions - several years worth in my case and they made it into the app without any trouble. a note for new users on mac. qb online's database doesn't support downgrading from plus level down to simple start without some customer service haggling. they were able to accomplish the feat - for which i give the customer service team alot of credit. happy customer so far!
best app i've used!. i started my small business with quickbooks and i was able todo everything in one application! from sale receipts, expenses, lodging gst and more. i would highly recommend quickbooks to all business owners
like the app. i find the app to be very useful in the field. unfortunately since the latest update adding new customers seem to slow the app down and to a crawl. wish there was a way to get that bug fixed
good but won’t take my money. every time i put my card info they charge me $1.00 and then it says subscription canceled. so i put in my info again and agin and they charge my card $1 but it never runs so i can be a member.
great app, prepare to be spammed. i keep getting marketing emails even though i unsubscribed from all. i’m going to have to find an alternative
pretty but not functional. it's bizarre how the graphics continue to be improved but the functionality doesn't. i've been trying to use this app for years but the features i need on the go are missing such as timekeeping. mostly this app seems to work a lot like you would imagine quicken mobile to work, by being able to look up past banking transactions. but i can do that on my banking apps for free already. update june 2017 still nothing. super big blind spot, but the costs keep going up.
quickbooks online not working. i paid my subscription thru itunes, got charged but haven’t been able to use it.... it keep giving me a message to subscribe which i already did. contacted apple, itunes, and intuit quickbooks and haven gotten anywhere... frustrating!!!
great tool for any business owner.. qb online is a great resource for any business owner and any individual that wants to get away from the paper-and-pencil ways of managing their finances. it allows for quick invoicing, keeps client/vendor information handy and auto-populates their info on forms, allows you to run tons of reports and is fully customizable to suit my business needs. all of my products and services are ready in drop down menus so i just tap a few buttons while i'm out in the field and i can send receipts, invoices, anything. it's smart and can connect to all of my accounts and imports that info to a digital check register. when my cpa need info, i can email it straight from the app or, if you're lazy like me, just give them the login info and they have access to whatever they need. i've been told that qb can also be automated to send out docs on its own, after the right set up, but i have yet to get to that level.
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
i'm super impressed. i'm really impressed by this app for both iphone and ipad. i just started using quickbooks online and it was pretty cool to see that the app allows most of the same functionality as the online mac application. i haven't yet found a critical limitation, although i suspect there are some. moreover, with an online subscription, this app is free.
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
"great app that needs improvement. well we've been using qb for 8 years. the desktop version up until the beginning of 2016. then- we we're sold the online version on all the positive points - tablet linked access for multiple users- time tracking- cheaper monthly payment - payroll simplicity - etc. we we're not told about the lack of features compared to desktop version. nor the slow app functionality and constant downloads of data/updates- along with app signing out without warning- also app will crash without warning - especially if network is slow / lost. overall we like the app and the system. we need the facility to send letters to all customers or the ability to export customer addresses to a word document- on the pc browser also the customer services is good if i'm focusing on customer services access and speaking to a person quickly - but - technical support is poor - with many operatives guessing and pondering - like ""try this"" or ""hmm i'm not sure - i'll speak to my manager"" especially when asking questions on the mobile app. it's as if the call center is not communicating with the app developers . we had a major issue a few months back in where non of our employees including myself could log into the mobile app - all we could see is ' data download, please wait' - i called technical and they knew nothing about the problem but did state that an updated app is being developed and will be active soon. 2 weeks later our apps started working again. i complained about the inconvenience stating the loss of time and added aggravation and cost to ourselves as we had to revert to paper and pen the customer support team offered 6 months reduced subscription fee as a gesture of good will, which we appreciated as kind customer support . overall a great program and very efficient when working . i suggest the ability to change invoice templates from the mobile app as i have templates that show itemised item costs as well as non specific invoices with a total cost only - i would love to be able to switch between templates from the mobile app to save me having to go into the office ."
love this app. as a small business contractor, i find this app very useful and an asset to our company. especially when we are on the go, and need to send something over to a customer or view what we've done prior. when i don't have my desktop available to me, this is definitely where i go. one click wonders of converting one document to the next.
good app. this is a good app, i'm doing the 30 day trial , for me it's just let down slightly by the customisation of the estimate and invoice forms like most apps of this kind it seems geared more towards the business that charges an hourly rate or sells quantities of items but you can customise them to a certain degree. also, although it's not too clear how but you can add customers from your iphone contacts and as i discovered you can connect it to your google contacts on the mac / pc which is good especially if you sync your mac contacts with googles, it seems pretty straightforward to use and i think monthly cost quite reasonable.
poor quality. poor quality. inconsistent design. loads of bugs. none of the bank feed transaction reconciliation/approval features have worked for at least the last three app updates. expensive rubbish.
virtually useless. for our sme this app is terrible, but has showed slow signs of improvement over the last 4 years. all i use it for is uploading director expenses. this works well, the only reason i gave 2stars rather than 2. the online version is great, but the app has most of the functionality missing. rather than re-invent the wheel i think it would be better to make the online desktop version work on smartphones and stop wasting time and money improving the app. missing functionality in the app that comes to mind is: 1) lack of foreign currency a/c support. 2) p&l report is very limited e.g. the online version allows you to click on cogs and you see a breakdown, not on the app version 3) all the reports from online version are missing from the app (apart from p&l which is poor). not even balance sheet! 4) no export to pdf/excel 5) no clear homepage that gives overview of total outstanding invoices, overdue invoices 6) no chart of accounts 7) no reconciliation 8) no purchase orders
great software all round. quickbooks is easy to use and manage. software and app work easily together. makes small businesses life simpler. love being able to use app to do expenses and invoicing on the go.
best app for my business!. not a good app when it doesn't download your banking, nor did it make good invoices/estimates. i love invoicesasap, but this app needs help.
sneaky subscription fees and invoicing not adequate. i never write reviews but this has bugged me. so i’d heard of qb once before and have seen them advertised as being useful for business owners and the self employed. i decided yesterday to download and give it ago. you’re greeted with a 30 day free trial and then once proceeding and setting up your account you are immediately pressured into buying a “40% discounted” subscription of £5.99 or face paying £9.99 per month forever. so i agreed to it assuming it would be a useful tool and that naturally like any other subscription company the charging period would begin following the 30 day free trial giving you breathing space to cancel if it wasn’t fit for purpose. well this is not the case. as soon as you commit to the subscription it begins charging you and waived and free trial period! sneaky and underhand move there. also - when actually trying the software i tried to add an invoice to my account that i had sent a client recently. it wouldn’t let me add any additional lines onto the invoice which meant i could only add one cost and notes section completely missing the point of being able to break down various different costs on the one same invoice, such as expenses/sales etc. how stupid. on top of this the advertising didn’t make it clear there are two separate apps (business and self employed) so after downloading the quickbooks app and going through the above it turns out that one is just for business use not self emp. please amend the app title in the app store. i’ve got a refund from apple for the above but this shouldn’t have to happen. please leave your underhand tactics at the door and play it fair like any other subscription service.
some good points. some frustrating points too. stop logging me out for one. taken a while to get my head around it, invoicing seems to be quite easy now. i'm not impressed that i can't do my payroll from this app, that's frustrating.
absolutely useless on ipad. you cannot edit a bill from a customer, you cannot add stock, you cannot add time billing, all you can do is receive payments create an invoice, add expenses, add customers. anything else you need the full computer version. i use the full computer version at work, but i find the ipad version totally useless and a waste of space. i would love to be able to bill clients while i am out using a timeline app, but you cannot. there are many things i would love them to include on the ipad version but they do not. in fact i may even be going back to the book and ledgers soon as i find that i am losing so much time by having to do things twice, i am seriously thinking about going back to the hand written ledgers.
app is crashing.... had to key in a credit card thru the computer because the app keeps crashing and doesn’t let you charge a card. will change my review after they fix the issue.
handy phone app. the iphone app has come in very handy for creating quick estimates on the road or adjusting existing quotes in the go
customer service fail!. customer service is non existent look elsewhere
very useful app. very useful app, works like a charm
hoodwinked. we moved from qb desktop to qb online. the process resulted in lost data and an inability to pull accurate reports. after hours on the phone with support, the technicians agreed that there were problems with their coding on the back end of their online service, which prevents certain data from being pulled into reports properly. to make matters worse, without notice, qb online has introduced qb advanced subscription — a more expensive product. in doing so, it has limited the number of accounts and classes permitted in qb premium, meaning that our company, which has more than 50 classes and more than 250 accounts, will no longer be able to use our current subscription and will be forced to upgrade to an expensive qb advanced. and, as if that’s not bad enough, i discovered this by going to my company settings, where i saw a notice that this forced upgrade would occur in exactly one month. so, without receiving any notice, and out of pure luck, i stumbled upon the fact that they are holding my data hostage. and, intuit doesn’t want you to use desktop anymore because they can get more money out of your subscription than they can from the one time sale of desktop software. the result? they have created ways to upload your data, but not to easy download the data. in fact, you have to go through many hoops to download your comprehensive data, during which you are bound to lose information. time to look at other accounting software by companies who actually care about their customers.
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2018 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays old scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and viewing p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable- looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. to best serve your paying customers i recommend perfecting your products before releasing them to the public. it just makes intuit look incompetent.
subscription hell. terrible customer service.. when i first downloaded the app i was offered an introductory offer if i signed up for a subscription within 24 hours. £5.99 instead of the usual £12.99. seemed like a good deal so i signed up on my work ipad with my work apple id 10 months in to the subscription i log into the app on my phone and a screen pops up to say i no longer have a subscription. so i quickly sign up to a subscription l, the only option being a full price £12.99. a couple days later i realise i’ve accidentally signed up with my personal apple id. so i cancel that subscription and log on to the app on my work ipad to sign up again with my work apple id. only to find out that i’ve been charged twice for the same month, on two different apple ids. now i’m stuck because i’ve got a £5.99 subscription that’s not registering me as being subscribed on quickbooks. ideally i don’t want to cancel it, because i’ll have to revert to a £12.99 subscription. i’ve been unable to send any invoices for the past three weeks or log any of my receipts. i’ve tried to contact intuit. i’ve emailed them, they don’t respond. tried the live chat, doesn’t work. spoken to them on the phone. says there’s nothing they can do, i have to chase apple for a refund. i told them i could email screenshot proof of all the issues i’m having. they gave me an email address. i send an email and they don’t bother responding to me. i go to report the issue to apple and there webpage tells me to contact intuit!! terrible customer service. no interest in sorting the issue out. update: got another email from apple to say that i’d gone into another month of my subscription. i’ve now cancelled it. so i’ve now paid three months and not had access to the app. i phoned intuit one final time to resolve the issue. the best they could offer me was to transfer my subscription to intuit. a full price subscription with a 30 day trial. exactly the same as any new customer. they couldn’t do anything to compensate for the time i’ve been paying and unable to use their service. so they’ve lost my me as a customer. tried to get a refund from apple and they said no.
great app. this app is a life saver. they have done a great job with it. i have tried all kinds of other apps and this is by far the easiest to use!
needs improvement. with every update the app gets worse and worse. not mention the desktop online even worse the ios app
multiple selection?. hey is it possible to do multiple when using this app on iphone like it’s possible when using my ipad. if not can you make it possible.
fix the app!!!. this app use to work great until the last update! please fix asap!
could not run a business without quickbooks!. i own a pool service. i love how quickly and easily i can enter information on the fly. it’s just as fast as scribbling a note between customers, and when i get home at the end of the day, it’s done! as long as i stay on top of my receipts, my taxes are practically done for me at the end of the year.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient. so a lot of updates lately and still no way to create a statement from the app. this really is very frustrating.
great bookkeeping app. this is a great app for tracking expenses sending invoices and overall bookkeeping. it is especially great if you are a mobile service and always on the go, easy-to-use from your phone or tablet or computer!
latest version is 5 stars. they have added all the things i had wished for in previous versions. one of the most used apps on my phone!
terrible support. after a couple of years of bombarding to upgrade to online i gave in. no one explains how many features are locked down in the online version, until you migrate and start to use as a long time desktop user. the product itself has a lot cleaner interface. but the support for a business product is terrible. the people you speak to don't know the product, and have no means to escalate a knowledgeable person, any attempt to get a close out to a problem is impossible, they won't commit to when an issue will be fixed and once they escalate, you are in the dark. i want to manage my business, but since migrating to this product i feel i spend more time talking to intuit than my customers. if someone would sit on a call and commit to close my issues, i would rate it highly as a product. but as a technical guy, clearing the browser cache is not the answer to every issue. if your business relies on this product, i would seriously consider not bothering. i'm sure if missed our subscription then there would be some attention from the account team. if you want to leap in the dark, then my advice is don't migrate your qb data and start afresh.
"too many missing features. can't add time entries, even simple ones, have to pay (a lot) for a third party app. not acceptable for a single user company that doesn't sell products, only time that needs to be tracked. can't view current ""sales"" status of unbilled items. can't email myself receipts and have them automatically entered as expenses bank transactions that i've excluded keep showing up. again and again. i'd like to configure away unused modules/functions from the menu"
horrible app even if subscribing!. subscribe to the app yet they want me to pay for a new subscription, waste of money for months!
amazing improvement in technology. we operate a wholesale division, a small brick & motor store, and two large e-commerce platforms that we participate in. quickbooks online and the combination of some of the apps will completely revolutionize how we process our accounting and retail transactions. saving us countless hours of time and increasing productivity
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
best accounting app i've used. this makes my business run smooth and conveniently, i hope they bring more functionality to it still.
i like the app. quickbooks come with a handy app which is great. don't have to work only on desktop.
fab. brilliant app that updates instantly, giving a visual handle on your business at any time. thank you
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2017 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays last years (2016) scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable- looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. just another step to my day to day book keeping tasks...
buggy. app has been very buggy. for a few months i lost the ability to add expenses and not every time i click on home the app closes. using brand new iphone 7.
pretty but not functional. it's bizarre how the graphics continue to be improved but the functionality doesn't. i've been trying to use this app for years but the features i need on the go are missing such as timekeeping. mostly this app seems to work a lot like you would imagine quicken mobile to work, by being able to look up past banking transactions. but i can do that on my banking apps for free already. update june 2017 still nothing. super big blind spot, but the costs keep going up.
poor. if you write a review and the nickname is taken you have to start all over again. app is very limited and web version has problems with ipad pro
best app ever. i've used qbs for a long time and it gets better every year.
excellent!. a great app. easy to use and gives the features of the browser version on the phone. a small flaw: the + to add new things in, specifically on an iphone x, sits a little too low meaning it’s under the home bar. it’s optimised nicely for an x, though!
great app!. i love the flexibility of having my company info at all times.
very slow. this app is very very slow.. 10 minutes to load , another 10 minutes to load customer screen, and 15 minutes to apply 1 payment
good app. good app
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
desktop user samples online version. as the macintosh desktop version is being threatened by extinction, i thought i‘d give the online version a whirl. i was excited by the prospect of using an app and the unconditional functionality of being online. don‘t do it! do not do it! muy mal! the fact alone that intuit insists on emailed invoices feeding through their server was reason alone cancel and delete immediately. as a therapist who works in the eu, the privacy violations/implications of such a feature would open me up to more liability that productivity. guess i‘ll just go on and use the desktop version until mac os stops supporting that. boooooooooo!
expenses are easy to track. simple way to track expenses when out and about
inferior to qb online on desktop. qb app on ipad or android does not not have even half of the features that qb online has on a desktop. i can manage basic invoicing, basic expenses, see transactions, and pull up basic reports... everything about this app is basic. i have to actually be on my desktop to access the full features of qb online. very dissapointed.
worst service. changed a template i have used for invoices and estimates for 5 years without warning or reason i cannot access the ones i sent even one week ago customer service said i was using a classic template and it's gone and not coming back . makes zero sense it's 2017 get a clue . don't buy don't join charge back!
"what it does, it does well.. with the caveat that it does so very little. want to set up bank accounts? tax codes? absolutely anything besides adding customers and basic invoices? gotta use a browser. but wait! don't bother trying to do it from your ipad, or you'll get redirected to an even more useless, hard to navigate site where you still can't do much useful. in order to do anything involved in setting up a company profile beyond name and address, you have to log in from a desktop computer. this app has the potential to be very good, but it is so completely lacking in features that it makes using it impossible for any serious business. in order for this to be worthwhile, it needs to access every setting and field available from a desktop browser. until then, you're seriously better off with a pencil and slide-rule than trying to work with this. i was considering using this when my desktop version of qb is no longer supported in a year, but until i can actually use it to, you-know, run a business, i'll gladly pass on this ""upgrade."""
app isn’t working now. please advise. it has stopped working. i click on the app and it automatically closes. new iphone today should work unless not compatible with ios13.
top notch app for businesses. makes it so easy to run my business on the go!!!!
only real option for online small business bookkeeping. quickbooks on line is really the only workable online bookkeeping solution for small business. it still needs a lot of work to make it worth what they charge for it. also be very careful when upgrading from one level to another. a very slick customer service rep had me upgrade to a level of service that cost twice what i was paying claiming that i would have a certain functionality that i needed. in the end, not only did i not get what i needed, but i could not return to the basic level, unless i wanted to close out my account and loose all my data. still all this being said, as far as i can tell it is the best of what is being offered as a web based service.
app. best account app
fonts too big and can’t be read anymore. since the latest update, fonts are too large and you can’t read the amounts of your invoices anymore. sent them many screenshot examples, still can’t use the app anymore. also, sometimes you can’t even “accept” an invoice on the app as well. useless for me to use now. what a shame, because i used it daily. iphone 11 pro with latest ios v13.2.2
user friendly - no need for anything else. this is an amazing app to use on all devices with my quickbooks online package. managing all aspects of my business from wherever i need it. highly recommended.
keeping my desktop version. i have used quickbooks since 2001. so i love quickbooks. save a lot of time on accounting side of the business. when i was making the move from a windows based laptop to apple (ipad) for my mobile business, i found this app to be very low on features. simple tasks like sorting a list, inventory, and reports were poor and lacking. the online monthly subscription is a joke. you have to opt for a more expensive subscription to gain features that still pale to the desktop version. long term, it's cheaper to buy the real program. plus all your personal financial and customers info won't be out in the web as much. the web version of this app does not inner exact well with a ios web browser. that being said, i bought a windows based tablet and install my desktop quickbooks. i have no monthly fee and i have all my info not floating around on the web.
flawless. first app that i've used that really hasn't had any problems at all. i do most on my computer but this is nice to have in case you're in a jam
love this app.... taking pics of receipts and storing them in the cloud is fool proof bookkeeping! the app also makes you categorize them on the spot. as the owner of an income tax business for over 15 years, this sort of documentation is bulletproof in an irs audit. every small business owner should be trained to use this app.
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
very disappointed with service and customer service. unbelievably disappointed in the service thus far. i’ve used freshbooks for my other business for 5 years and have never had the level of issues that i’ve had thus far in 90 days. i keep getting bombarded with youtube ads. even though i’m a paying user they are still targeting me and perpetuating a negative experience and wasting ad dollars. they flagged an invoice to check we had the revenue to pay it if it was fraudulent. never had this happen before but when i get a call from corporate the number they called me on and told me to call back fails, the dial by number directory fails and then when i call intuit they take 45 minutes to get me through 4 departments to tell me there is “no reason it got flagged and nothing you can do to stop this from happening in the future” i’m not able to post a payment that’s a check during all of this for another customer and extremely frustrated with them.
price just keeps going up!. forced to moved to a different app, found this one for £2.99 a month, which seemed fine as i won’t be using it very much. now the price has gone up to £11.99 in under a year! needs different payment options for those that don’t use it much and that % increase is insane.
love this app. great app would recommend to everyone.
please add more search options. this is a great app to accompany a great service. my only request is that i be able to search for content within invoices themselves. for faster lookup!
keeps crashing. for the most part, the apps work pretty well. however, for whatever reason the app on my iphone crashes every time i login the first time. it gives me an error saying critical error please sign out. most the time when i sign back it, it’s ok after that. but usually requires restarting the app.
stupid app. and never works right nightmare to login
watch out!. these apps are a scam. first, there is no free trial as there is no way to cancel the trial before the first 30 days. second, they refuse to cancel accounts. third, they infringe the law about data protection. fourth, you’ll receive an auto reply saying that they have never heard of your case when you send them emails. without any mention in my email of the word ‘case’ or ‘case number’, how does auto reply know i am emailing about a case? this is their care and support email that i have received one reply on already prior to these auto replies this tells me that my email address has been entered on their system to divert to auto reply. if i don’t get my data erased, my account cancelled, or if they take any money from my account, this will go to court!
like the format. good app
"not useable in multi-user environment. still a one star. years later - update, after update, after update and still can’t use this in a multi-user environment. locations and classes. how many effing times do i have to ask to get this fixed? here we go again, another update and still no fix to locations and classes. intuit must be the worst software company on the planet. so in april intuit ""reaches out"" that a fix is on the way. that was 5 months ago! i stand behind my criticism. still a 1 star. what is wrong with intuit programmers? yup, yet again another update, and still not useable in multi-user. my business has more than 1 user account. locations and classes do not work in their accounts. how many years will this take to fix a bug that has been present since day 1? another update and i stand behind my previous review(s). seriously? another update, and still not multi-user friendly. but, oh boy, something works with apple watch. when will intuit fix the multi-user issues? someone else mentions they fix bugs. i can say the exact opposite - they leave bugs for years! i want to use and like this app. i've looked at every update since the very 1st version. it does seem to be slowly improving, but is still not useable for my company."
ipad app review. i use this app for daily business. the app is great, the response from a question or change is nonexistent. for the type of business i do it works pretty well, would like to see the ability to bill partial or progress invoices and not have to create additional invoice or estimates if changes are made. also, if you merge from desktop to online most of your items will not work. you have to enter new items or descriptions or the invoice will never save. i love how quickbooks forces you to move to the product they want you to use by discontinuing the products they don't want to support any longer, then ignore problems or concerns from customers with the new product.
it’s having to log in constantly. i’ve been having a really problem with my ipad six generation lately, anytime i exit the app while writing up a quote and bounce back-and-forth between the information i need to enter into quickbooks. the app suffers a critical crash causing me to login several times with in an hour span. are there any bug fixes coming up? i suffer the same issue with my iphone xr and ipad pro.
"disappointed.... i had high expectations for this app., but it just doesn't deliver. half the features advertised return a message ""feature not supported at this time, please log on from a computer""! so what's the point? why not just not release the app until it works? looking for another option."
excellent app. this app is amazing, makes my life so easy and customer service is very helpful.. will definitely recommend. just one thing that needs working on, app does not sync with my barclays bank account so i have to export statements manually and upload to app, otherwise 5 star from me.
good. nice app
could be better. still no auto save. it’s 2018 folks, time to wake up. does not perform the same on my phone/tablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
one thing missing.... this app is super convenient for managing our business on the go. but i can't see a way to create an iphone contact from within the customer details screen. if that feature was added this app would be perfect!!
awesome. the app provides an excellent opportunity to update all expenditures to find out exactly what's in my bank account anywhere i have signal for my phone.
awesome app... its amazing app and each update is awesome. but it's not as near the desktop in terms of functionality. overall, if you use quickbooks then its a must have..
worst ever app. i have no idea why is this app on app store. the moment i sign in it says your session is expired and you need it sign in again. thats the only vicious circle of time wastage is what this app has to offer its customer. worst experience ever
can't save to send out invoices. i've used qb since 2000. always satisfied. just today the iphone app is not working accordingly. the app is not saving my invoices, which then allows me to send to clients. i tried customer service. all i got was ringing and transfers to other ringing. not sure what has hanged now i'm sitting here with no way to send out my monthly invoices.
best app. amazing!
they do not fix bugs at all.. constant new annoying bugs that have been around for years now. i have written multiple times to help make them aware, now i have been writing complaints and still no fixes. am literally logging into the app every single time i open it. i have to use this app for my work. no choice. but if you have a choice then you should choose literally any other app. this company is terrible.
not pleased. for one i still can't re-download the app after i accidentally deleted it. it's been months. i hit the cloud button and it does nothing. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
almost great. so, the limited features in the app seem like just a lack of time to include. otherwise, easy to use, and great way to keep track.
"quickbooks customer service is atrocious. i run a small business. i did all my invoicing and accounting through quickbooks. i paid for 14 months for this service. now i have to find a new service, reload all my client data for over a couple years, all the items that were saved as line items for invoicing and other things as well. here's the story: customer for over a year. my credit card gets stolen. no big deal. there is a 6 day lapse in payment while my new card is in the mail. i update my itunes account and make sure all of my subscriptions are paid and current. the app proceeds for 2 weeks to tell me that i don't have a subscription anymore and eventually locks me out. the app will not sync with itunes to see my paid subscription. i spent an hour on the phone with apple, they can't do anything. i spent 2 hours on the phone with quickbooks for them almost verbatim to tell me that if i don't cancel my subscription on itunes and pay directly to them (it's $3 more a month) that it'll never work again and that ""while we want your business you don't have enough of a history for us to do anything"". i call apple back and after an hour on the phone they refund me two months, tell me to file a dispute for the last year with my credit card company, report the app and write my experience in the apps review section. stay far, far, far away from this company. they are awful and i will make sure that i tell everyone i can to stay far away from them as well."
so far so good.... the app does what i need it to do mostly. one of the coolest things is being able to photograph my biz receipts into the app, and throw away the original. i'm not crazy about the app in terms of creating invoices that do not match what my desktop version looks like. hopefully the fix for that comes soon. 4 stars from our end. **update review 10/4/17** still cannot create invoices in the app that look exactly like the invoices we create via qb online. also, can’t access any payroll features that we’ve been paying for. thought the app was companion to qb online. guess not. 4 stars remain.
great for start up. the app works great! i can do nearly all of my bookkeeping from my phone. if i need more detailed i just use my laptop! the monthly subscription is nice too!
another weak quickbooks mobile app. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my p/c...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then??
always have problems. this application made only to collect money from us and every time they increase their monthly payment always have errors and problems and now big issues that i can not open the application on my phone and no one reply to our email or calls they are totally worst customer service ever
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimate/invoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
long-time holdout. i've used quickbooks desktop software since 1995. over the past couple of years some of my accounting clients adopted qbo. i have not cared for working with it, as it felt very clunky compared to the desktop version. a couple of weeks ago i converted my own company file to qbo. i found that it doesn't feel nearly as clunky when you are using it for your own business. i very much like the iphone version, which allows me to enter expenses on the fly. also, i can send client invoices right from my phone. very convenient. when it comes to generating a p&l or balance sheet, for some reason you can't do cash basis, only accrual. one thing i don’t like about qbo online invoicing where you give the customer the opportunity to pay by e-check, is that after you get the notice that the customer has paid # you don't see the funds show up in your checking account for at least a week. i guess that's why it's free.
needs to be qb online, this app is something else entirely.. the ipad version of this program (and android for that matter) really need to match - exactly match - the web version accessed through quickbooks online in a web browser. the differences are notable, and the experience moving from one version to another is unpleasant. i can’t recommend the ipad version of this program.
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 -20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
great app but one major flaw. overall this is a fantastic app that allows me to keep up on my books. there is one thing that is extremely annoying though.. the camera and auto crop feature is terrible! please don't assume my images need to be cropped because the tool cuts off the image most of the time. maybe make this optional?
useless - data download errors. the app worked great for the past couple years and now all the sudden it keeps crashing when trying to download my data. i own a mobile business and now i'm having to preplan and print invoices before i show up because the app is useless.
okay. this app would be perfect if it didn’t redirects me to safari to login every single time
a great concept but full of bugs and limitations.... i’ve had this app for almost 2 years now and i have to say, i am exceptionally disappointed in a company this large, producing a limited, buggy product... i recently switched to a new business line but did not update the new phone # in quickbooks online. now, i cannot login in online, i have tried but it wants to send a code to my old business line, which no longer exists... i called and spent an hour with quickbooks online and they couldn’t figure out how to reset my number; i am still unable to access the software online ( ironic, since it’s called “ quickbooks online”). the problem with this is that the ipad/ mobile platform software comes with many limitations, so the only was you can perform certain tasks is to login online. next in line is the send invoice button. you build your invoice, then send it by pressing the send invoice button; unfortunately the invoice does not always send and when it does, on occasion, it does not update properly in the mobile software. i run my numbers tight and by the book and it’s extremely frustrating when you send off an invoice, it says it was sent, and the receiver actually never receives it. the solution is: a follow up call to every billed client to make sure they have received their invoice. there is much more disappointment, but just not worth any more of my time to continue going on and on.. conclusion: find an online invoicing platform such as invoice 2go or something else other than this train wreck. the amount of frustration and time consumption for such an inferior product at a premium price has no justification for an online/ mobile platform.
awesome, 70% of the time. it's an awesome app, but needs work. it's nice to have the mobility. however, there are frequent quirks. - edit an invoice. works only 70% of the time. i frequently have to wait 30-60 mins to hours to change an invoice. being a service company where we expect payment right after service... having invoices that are not editable is tough. i edit, try to save, then get a screen which says new info exists. no new info is saved. - client payments aren't always credited to an invoice, although they're paid thru each particular invoice. - etc. - these things happen regardless of cell strength. - sooo... nice to have but glitchy.
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
streamlines my life. love the app. user friendly. will give it 5 stars when it has photo recognition of my receipts and auto populates data from the photo.
looks excellent, just too complicated for me. i've been testing various apps that would suit my small business/freelance needs. the app is limited which forces you to the website for certain deletions, updates etc. i also had difficulty navigating. i've since switched to freshbooks which was easy for me to figure out.
avoid merchant service. avoid at all cost the merchant services. they preapprove you and then hold on your money for a month before forcing you to refund each transaction you processed with them. i had to call 6 times 1 hour each time and it is still not fixed. they are still holding the funds and it’s been more than a full month. terrible customer service.
amazing app!!!. i really enjoy using this app to get my money in order!!
easy to use!. this app gives me the leverage i need to stay organized.
not mobile as promised!. this app is fine as a standalone, but has never been able to update any information input, and reflected on all mobile devices. it treats each device as a separate entry. therefore, when entering a customer on one device, any attempts to then activate and reference that customer on the same device is not possible, because the customer is not found her on that device, even when it tells you it has saved the info. likewise with transactions. transactions entered on your pc, do not show up on your mobile devices. all of this seems to contradict the main benefit of quickbooks online. i will be switching to desktop version as soon as possible.
amazing that i can make invoices and take payments literally anywhere with cell service.. i think it's an amazing app. the only downfall is i can't add invoices from vendors that i haven't paid yet. only expenses that are already paid. hence the 4 stars. if they had that feature it would be a five star for sure.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
the best billing and accounting on the go. i run a computer support business month go from this app. we used to have qb desktop and had issues with mobility. it was stuck on the computer. with qbo we have the mobility we need to access our accounting anywhere. we use the app everyday to lookup customers, take payments, send paid invoices, create estimates and even get them signed to begin wok in the field. in addition to that i can pull up reports like my current profit and loss to see how profitable the organization is. the only thing i miss in the app is the option to get directions from google maps instead of apple maps (i can't even copy the added on a customer card) or copy the phone number attached to a customer to paste into ringcentral (our voip app)
poor customer service. i've had the app for 3 months. accounting part is fine. invoicing is fine. nothing spectacular. i set up the payment processing and have maybe taken 2 payments. most of my invoices are commercial which don't pay by credit cards. all of a sudden my credit card processing was terminated without any notice and no logical explanation was given. now since i have already paid for this i need to use multiple companies for my invoices which is the reason i switched to them in the first place. i would do your research before making the decision to use this company.
makes it easy. i love the easy to use format and more professional looking invoices and estimates. and the format saves me a lot of time filling out forms. before i was hand writing the estimate, scanning and then emailing from my computer at home. qb does all that from my phone. it works very well for my small business.
wow, did this app save our business. we are in florida and have had no power or internet for over one week. this app saved our real estate rental business. everything you can do on your desktop, you can do with your ipad, using this app. all customer data is stored on the cloud. this app is mandatory if you get hit by a disaster!
scam!. this app won’t let you unsubscribe. forgot my password and tried all ways to access my account, but they won’t send me a verification code in my phone. i have exhausted all efforts to change my password and log in, but to no success. i reached out to their failure of a customer service representative, didn’t help either! scam!
app is great, but.... it is incredibly annoying that i have to sign in with my password every time i open the app now. before the update, i could use a pin or touch id, which don't seem to be working. i contacted customer service twice and have heard nothing back.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
crashes every time. when app is installed i can log in to my account. then the app says « downloading data » and when download is complete it crashes. if i open it again (so still logged in), i cant even get past the launch screen.
can not do custom invoice numbers. the app can not do custom invoice numbers. i have had the app for two months and paying the monthly fees and have not been able to send out my first proper invoice. i have asked support and they come back with instructions to go to certain settings that do not exist on the app.
slow and buggy. disappointed in app. doesn't correlate well with desktop version. slow to load information and sometimes won't update accounts.
not good for multiple businesses. this app is very basic. can't even view multiple accounts without logging out and logging back in.
why isn't app as easy to use as actual online. the online version is so much easier to navigate. i don't like that the app and the online version have things in different places. it makes it much harder to locate things. i would rather have one streamlined version to use on all devices.
would like to like it better. i personally like the ipad app better than the online version for interface, but it has so many bugs! constantly gives me error message that i'm not authorized to do something (add/edit a customer, etc.), but then it lets me do it. but i keep having to close out all the error messages that pop up. often won't let me email an invoice. won't let me add customer off of creating a new estimate (have to add customer, close, then do estimate and choose customer again). the list of basic things that should not be an issue goes on and on. on the iphone app, there is no place for my reps to view the contact person's name at the company! i'm sure there are other things i could think of, but i've just learned to compensate and work around things. however an app with this many bugs should not be out there - it's pretty pathetic! update 11/18/15 - after update, all the previous bugs are still there. pathetic to issue an update and not fix what was wrong!
handy app.. i've struggled for a while with record keeping and this app makes it very easy to keep records and do my day to day book keeping.
fantastic app!. i can perform easily 90% of our quickbooks administrative work on the app version. this allows our business to save time and money! way to go guys!
intuitive and very useful!. i'm surprised at how easy this app is to use and how much functionality it has. i'm able to do pretty much all of my typical day to day tasks within this app. it's extremely useful to be able to quickly put together an estimate for a client from my phone or categorize a transaction. intuit, you've done a great job here!
quickbooks app. i find this app to be the most useful app on my phone to run my yard care business due to be able to add jobs that have been done right on my phone to make it easier to remember what's been done
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
great business tool. i just started my business this year and it's amazing how easy it is to track all of my expenses. quickbooks automatically syncs with my credit card and bank account, then categorizes each transaction and displays it in an easy to read graph. exploring outside of the main page you can also get a break down of each expense by month, year, quarter, or you can make a custom search. there are a fees bugs where it won't categorize some transactions correctly like shipping costs. overall great product for only $10 a month.
glad i got it. i got this app when my computer crashed and it was the best thing that happened to my small business
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices / profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
if it wasn’t broken, it would be much better.. when i launch this app on any of my devices, i get an error in the app that says “unable to get all of your quickbooks data pull down to refresh your page.”
they don’t care. the product is decent but the customer support is very bad the say that the priority is the customer lol. i have a issues with uploading my inventory list and it’s bean now day 16 with no resolve... the funny thing about this issues is it’s on there server and they know about it. i created a new trial on an other server and the up load works fine. if there priority was customer service they would merge my data to a other server and i would be a happy customer .... but instead they leave me hanging.
very pleased client. i love this app. it has saved me so many times. there are a couple things you can't do on the app that you can do on the desktop like change your payment information but i have no issue with that. thanks intuit for another great product.
i like it. best app for your small business
updated review. try going to help & feedback and click refresh data. this may solve the receipts not saving/syncing on mobile issue and for touch id and pin sign on, go to settings and switch to on. not sure if the setting stays on once you actually shut down the app.
awesome. this app is great and extremely helpful with my small business. it saves a lot of time and work. not only do i find it very resourceful but it's easy to use. customizing my invoices and estimates is probably the best part of the application aside from it allowing me to check my profit and loss. i recommend this app to any user, especially a business owner.
quickbooks. awesome app.
convenient. great app now i can do the books from anywhere
many bugs. need to fix bugs that cause the app to not follow the regular online access. employees can see things they shouldn't (like business income) and are unable to do things they should like entering customer info and invoices.
no bad. there are several things that are better with the app and qb's online, however the lack of personalisation with the invoicing are rather pants and why the system doesn't have a clocking in facility for employees yet is beyond me could be done easily through a simple app and gps no?? and then integrated into job sheets
for the money this app is terrible. this app does not seem to sync in real time. for example an invoice setup on online quickbooks does not show here. even the customer that was added online. for a large company making millions of dollars on these products it is not only unacceptable but it is also fundamentally wrong
really sick of dealing w/this subpar solution. quickbooks has over 735,000 users! you think they could get invoicing right. hire me and ill get this done. put me on your books and i wont let online version work like crap part of the time compared to the stand alone. the banking module is not done correctly as far as form and column sort. why would you put things in like invoices and not do it right? give me the reins and i will get it done!
great tool for repetitive stuff. the app version is great for day to day functions.
good app. haven't had a problem with this app.
lots of bugs. been using this app for over a month now for all of my employees, we are constantly running into issues of the credit card payment built into the app not working, unless you set up your employee as an administrator they are unable to edit estimates and invoices, lots of issues, this could be a great app if everything was fixed but there is so many problems not sure if its going to be a good fit for my company, please update your app and fix these issues intuit!
getting better all the time. still needs tweaking.. i use this app for my business every day, and the mobility is excellent. saves so much time in paperwork. i am waiting for a couple of fixes in the iphone version. 1. there is no way to change whether a discount is before or after tax as in the desktop and ipad versions (it's locked to discount after tax and to change it requires logging in on another device to make the change). 2. i'd love to see a couple more report options, particularly invoices by month as on the ipad version. other than having to log in on another device for these things, it's solid and i'd encourage anyone in a similar business (service industry) to use this app.
great!. new to the app, but so far it is great! especially when coming from doing everything manually with spreadsheets and boxes of receipts. much better than the qb for mac 2015 i tried.
very functional. although i try *not* to spent time on the phone doing business stuff when not at work, it’s actually very handy to be able to do thing like receipt payment against invoices etc. after seeing a payment has been made to my bank account. i do invoicing with another app (servicem8) which is connected to quickbooks, so i don’t have much experience what it’s like to invoice with this app, but for all other aspects of managing accounts i find it intuitive and very capable. cheers!
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
needs work!. not very user friendly... makes me download my companies data every time i login and takes forever and sometimes crashes while downloading it so have to restart the download again. qbo is great but they really need to work on the app cause i could really use it when on the road. but incapable due to its functionality at the moment.
love it. my entire business is conducted through my iphone. thanks qb for making life so easy!!! greatest app for any small business, hands down!!!
"not worth money and it's free!. when it works it's ok at best but it's too flawed to take seriously. among its faults: failing to find entries on search even when the search term is correct. doing things like stating the ""delivery server is down"" when trying to email an invoice. the ""delivery server"" is not down as the user finds out when they continue to send other invoices. upon investigation of the fault it issues brainless messages such as ""you (name) and you (same name) we're working on the document at the same time and you (name) finished before you (same name) did. you get the point! app search not formatted with an ipad so the ipad user cannot see all of the information being searched for (when search works at all) seems to randomly wish to send verification text codes even though it claims that it should only happen once. updates do not address the faults just add a fluffy new feature. seems the app was slung together and no one researches how it might be used. in use there are constant error messages (like for every step) saying you don't have permission to add s part and then it lets you do it. imagine going to your customer for a signature and they see these messages. app is constantly updated giving the user features they don't need but they never update to fix the bugs!"
needs better support. update, problem was solved in a new update, so app would get 5 stars but the support is still appalling for an app like this, if you have problems with it don’t expect help from the companyi thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
"needs splitscreen support. how can this app have as many revisions that its had since ios 9 came out and still not have split view with other apps?? also the glitch is back that when you hit the ""back"" button when viewing a customer it takes you all the way to the top of your customer list instead of going back to where you were. frustrating..."
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
splendid. excellent to have such an app to complete all needs and it's on mobile too
must have app for any business!. easy, fast, comprehensive and dependable. makes the handling of my business a breeze.
slowly losing my business. i'm about tired of this app not functioning properly. embarrassing to say the least when i have a customer trying to pay their bill and i can't even connect to quickbooks online server. none of your apps are working as advertised. $25/month for what again?
worst app update. after updating the recently, app is crashing. unable to login
"new to qb app. love it, but needs a ""statement"" tab"
great app. does cost money this app. it’s definitely worth it! the app keeps up to date
excelente app. melhor sistema e app de controle financeiro que já usei. infelizmente vou ter que mudar de sistema porque agora estou precisando controlar estoques em vários depósitos diferentes e ele ainda não faz isto.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
many tech issues - poor customer support. after weeks of connecting to my bank account and importing my transactions automatically, the app decided to stop doing that. customer service was not helpful. also the reporting capabilities and graphics are very limited.
great app. saved me hours of paperwork, great app 👍
good app. very useful
very easy to use, and company responds to queries and requests. i have used this app for 4 months now and find it is constantly improving and great to use
superb app. i'm an electrician and run my entire business on this app it's makes my life so easy :)
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktop/online version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
"amazing for my business. i wouldn't know where i would be running my own business without this app. it truly gives an ""on the go"" experience and aided with other tools i can work anywhere in the world. thanks quickbooks!!"
superb. the app on the iphone is great. works perfectly and great for quick invoicing. the ipad app is even better as provides much more in depth information. even better both apps work seamlessly with each other. don't know what i would do without this app.
"is anyone home?. i give this app one star because it doesn't let you select zero stars! all i've gotten for three days is an endless loop telling me that""to use this app you need quickbooks online"". no kidding? i'd love to find some of the application problems some of you are complaining about. at least you can turn yours on!"
can this app dethrone india specific software?. you can not setup this app to use for personal accounting. you can not setup this app for setting up multiple companies. you can not run if your internet connection is not working. so, this app is worth your time and money? you can try without worrying about any payment. so, it’s very difficult to dethrone india specific accounting software you already use. i have tried. you too can.
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
it is very easy to use. the app may not have the power or flexibility of the web client, or pc installed application, but it works well and is very easy to use.
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry. update 2/4/2017. nothing significant has changed. it's very frustrating. i'm really hoping someone else will enter this market with a compatible product. update 3/30/2017. still ridiculous bugs. on home screen every time i open the app i see an error message that says my system has a $10k plus error that needs attention. this has been a bug for almost one year with no fix promised or date to expect any further progress.
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
awesome app. quick books is really an awesome app. links up to accounts quickbooks payments. i can access from all my devices. it’s really versatile. you can make great estimates as well. emailed invoices and estimates look very professional.
buyer beware crash instantly on iphone 6. this app works sometimes but it will instantly crash and doesn't operate properly on my iphone 6 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work properly. why don't you guys fix this? also, it annoyingly downloads company info every time you open it which takes what seems like hours. i have a very small landscape business. should this be the case? come on intuit! get your act together
love it. amazing i don't know what i would do without this app.
ios 13 crashing. app crashing after password screen , ios 13 is not compatible with this app at present , considering the amount my company pays for quickbooks i’m disappointed to say the least .
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the product/service. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
new update changed invoices. the app shuts down every time i get a signature!!
best business app. quickbooks has definitely made running my business much more efficient and has made it easier to close on deals. the estimate tool makes it easy to send professional looking estimates to clients, and with a click, those estimates turn into invoices. you can receive payments through quickbooks as well. add the payroll service and you can run the whole business yourself. i would definitely recommend this to any new business start up.
impressed.. very impressed with how far intuit has taken the qb online product, and this app is a nice extension of that! all the talk of cloud and mobile being the future..is now thanks to this cloud product. i refer many accountants in my network the qbo accountant version, which is the best solution for most small businesses in my opinion.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
love it. love the app, really intuitive!!! and great customer service!!!
impresessed. this app helped change my business!!!!!!!!!
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
"super user-friendly. i love this app, as it is very easy to use even if you aren't completely accounting savvy. i would like to be able to setup ""reminder"" emails to clients who have past due invoices. other than that, i'm very happy with the features of this app."
great app. works great
totally useless. as a long time quickbooks user i thought this might be for me. after many frustrating hours trying to figure it out and the seeming absence of help i’m just going to delete it and cancel my subscription. as i said a total waste of time
less than useless. this app does not interface enough of the information from the desktop version. reports are raw numbers and can’t pull up any supporting information. p&l is worthless. the desktop version seems to miss the point of accounting software. ie making all your information easy to input then easy to analyze in reports. this does neither. qbpro etc was far easier to navigate without the slick graphics and colors. aaaaaargh!
excellent app. helpful reports and nice review of recent transactions to make sure operations are in tact.
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus! i only wish this app would allow me to process ach and credit card payments on the fly!
latest update is garbage. update: 1/6/20 still a garbage app even after multiple emails back and forth with quickbooks development team and now it’s been weeks since i heard from them the app still don’t work even after new updates app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
do not upgrade to latest software!!. i have used this app for almost a year and it has worked very well for my small business- until today. after automatically updating itself on the app store, i can no longer save invoices and send it to my clients. i've tried restarting the app and my phone, but the problem continues. i went on the app store reviews to see if others had had the same problem, and bingo! many other users are complaining of the same issue. i hope quickbooks can figure out this problem asap before it really starts affecting my business accounting. likes: -stores repeat client info - allows for cc payment - allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice. - alerts me of tardy invoices - provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months income/expenses dislikes: - credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge - all of my invoices have an intuit logo - customer service is hurting. wish they had a 1800 # or immediate online chat support like so many other software companies.
good online bookkeeping application. i am an international tax accountant but i use qb online for my personal expenses as well as for a small swimsuit company that belongs to my fiancé. the linking system with qb and bank/credit card accounts is quite impressive. app could be confusing to some who do not have previous experience but it is somewhat simple to learn. the only thing i would like to be able to do on qb online is enter transactions into an account as i would be able to in qb desktop version. entering expenses (not using the bank account linking) can be very tedious using qb online.
beware price increases.. i love the functionality, but i've had two price increases since becoming a subscriber to the online service. the entire point of a subscription model is so that the company has a sustained income in order to continue developing and my costs stay fixed every month. this isn't acceptable so i'll be looking for other solutions soon.
needs ar functionality. great app except you can't see the total ar due to you. it's such a simple request but they haven't added it for years now
iphone 11 fail. can’t get this app open on new phone. was never a problem before!
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
no activity?. none of my vendors have any activity (transactions) available within this app. almost rendering it completely useless in our business.
so much effort!!. downloaded this to try and make my life easier but setting it up is so much hassle!! can't add my bank account for some reason though i believe i'm typing the right details in - zero replies to my emails for help and whenever i've called for help i end up speaking to someone who obviously has no clue about the app for 30 mins - why is it so difficult?! don't bother.
good app. nice to have this access on the go. works fine for reviewing status and basic functions.
terrible package. i’ll be cancelling your app and the account i had with you for two years after finding out you’ve doubled my monthly subscription without any notice what so ever, i agree with an inflation rise yearly but a100% rise is just robbery, i’ll make sure this goes far and wide. the damn app never works , can’t connect my bank and it shuts down several times a day for critical updates. back to sage for me i think this system is full of issues
amazing apps！. so amazing！
needs work & capability. for those of us that work on the road and try to reconcile books daily, do not depend on this app because it is non-existent. no reconcile function whatsoever. i hope their team listens to our feedback because we can jump ship on any given day.
a1 app. i love this app ! i'm using it all day !
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktop/online version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
improving but still a long way to go. like the new dashboard, but need ability to set ytd totals, more report options, does not show all my bank accounts. needs to be more customizable. app does not replace the website version, which is still needed to do any real work. best feature is the easy way it handles the bank feeds.
so far so good. so far it does everything i want it to do. if you're looking for an easy to handle app that keeps u up to date look no further.
love qb. hi, my name is alexander, i would like to let you know that i love qb, it's easy to use, i can access information anytime, anywhere, and on any device.i have an iphone, ipad and mac,what i like most is being able to work with qb on the road with my iphone. i'm en exterminator and handyman and i invoice on the spot and keep track of my expenses on realtime, no more worries of forgetting to come home and register my expenses of the day and looking for reciepts. i also love the feature of emailing invoices to clients, no need to buy or make reciept books for clients. an addition that i would like very much is a calendar with reminders like in invoicing so i can make and keep up with appointments. the way i do it now is i use the calendar on my iphone to check on appointments or to make a new one, the thing is after making an invoice or entering a payment i forget to make a new appointment and my appointments get mixed up with my personel agenda. a cool feature would be after i save an invoice the app asks me if i want to make an appointment. it would be a great update. i hope my request gets considerd and approved, if not, will love qb anyway
only basics. the app appears to make available only the very basic functions. i don't see reports, and i signed on to complete some company preferences, add classes, and set opening chart of accounts. none of these are functional.
frauds stay far. called in to customer service for assistance with an issue regarding payroll feature and they told me i needed to add the payroll feature which in fact wasn't needed, they said it would cost $39 for it and it would solve my problem.. well it did not so i requested a refund within 24 hours, only to find out they also went into my acct and stole an additional $139.58! they said i requested to renew for an additional year, which i did not and my subscription was already paid in full for a year! they said they have no record of me calling in to cancel, which is documented bc their cs supervisor was able to see it in the noted calls i made less than 24 hours later which is why i got the refund for the $39 but they won't refund the $139.58! stay far from this company, they are liars and thieves and desperate for $$!
touch id doesn't work. other than that this is a great app. it is easy to use except that i have to type my password every time i open the app. i love the automatic receipt capture from camera.
"immediate session time out. immediately logs me out due to ""session time out"", rendering the app completely useless. 😒"
crapapp. quickbooks program is nice though the company's blatant lack of interest in the osx platform baffles me... this app is basically worthless and does not update to changes made online four weeks ago... they have light years to go before this app is worthy of being used...
fire the entire team. worst app. login doesn't work. recovery doesn't work. craptastic adventure
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
easy of use. i think the app will be great once i figure out how it works.
great app. i have been using it and it is good. though i wish more features were added for suppliers.
mr. great app. i use it all the time on my phone and tablet.it works seamlessly with qbo. invoicing, receipts, checking my account, giving it to my bookeeper all easy and on the go. i couldn't do without it now.
down fall in quality. not a quality app. the screen is difficult to maneuver around in. there's no back or close.
annoyed again!!. i did the latest update and now i can’t even open this damm app! terrific ay! any suggestions qb’s!? can you get this sorted asap. a few updates prior to this lasted one, after that particular update all my company details except my abn disappeared, why? the app didn’t seem to save my details properly as i added them and it was like that until the following update. then everything was back to normal. pretty annoying!!
love it. i'm no doing anything super sophisticated but i love the app. easy to use to keep invoices and expenses current on the go!
easy to use. great app. very happy with it
great. great app
needs a lot of improvement. missing a lot of features and information available with the web browser connection. can't see vendor history. can't sort how inboxes etc are listed. a few other issues. freezes often. in the middle of invoice entry, the system bounced me out for some reason, while not saving the work i had entered to date. did that twice. before i closed out and went to pc web connection. i love the possibility this app offers, development need to fix and enhance
i'd rather have a bootleg copy of 2002 qb on pc. this is my first rating of anything. i have a feeling that the folks at quickbooks aren't done making a bad app and platform horrific. how would you feel about multiple glitches and straight up losing you money. they are a monster at that. i have been using this for about as long as it was out, and i can't take it anymore. if credit cards weren't accepted through quickbooks, i would be gone a long time ago. the best part is the constant denial of problems.
owner. great app
ipad functionality very limited. the app doesn't let you do everything, eg. payroll, tax filing etc. exactly the stuff that is time sensitive and therefore needed on the go. unfortunately even the website direct refuses to let you do everything when accessing with an ipad. ipad's and ipad pro's are as big as laptops yet we can't use them for quickbooks online - needs to be fixed or users will be forced to migrate to one of the many many other automated online options that let you function through the online portal regardless is device.
love it. so easy and confident love this app great for my freelance makeup business
aaaamazing. i run a mobile and in home boutique and this app has been a life saver! i'm so happy with it!
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
"brilliant!!!!. works like a dream with qb online. i can finish a job and then send the invoice from my phone (whilst sitting at home drinking a cuppa!). just include ""totals"" for estimates and sales invoices please!"
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
errors galore and inability to log into client accounts. i’m so disappointed with this app. as an accountant it would be handy to log into client accounts and check figures or enter small changes, but more often than not, i receive an error message and cannot log in. the issue renders this app completely useless.
"game changer for our business!!!!!. we had been using excel go all of our estimates and invoicing, which as many people know can be a real pain when managing multiple clients at a time.. i saw the software version at costco and read through the features and benefits and thought ""hmmm, this might be something we need.."" from the moment i signed up i was blown away by the ease of use and the simplicity of its management capabilities!!! i love quick books and i don't know where'd we'd be without it!!!"
easy and efficient!. the app serves perfectly to capture transactions on the go, snap a pic and enter amount and accounts then review later if needed on a computer. simple, some people expect this to be fully functional for some reason; if you need a fully functional program then you really should have the appropriate expenses towards computers and software anyways. this app makes the book keeping process easy as cake for clients and the accountant.
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app non-functional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!! oh, and the link for support is dead... come on folks, gimme a chance here!!"
quick books. the best app ever, easy to use, never had an issue that could not be easily resolved. i run 2 nyc businesses and mostly on the run.
great app for busy employers/employees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
great app. convenient. quickbooks app is very easy to use and makes tracking expenses quick and easy.
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
lame first attempt - try again please. this app leaves so much to be desired. i would expect maybe 50-80% of the functionality of the online version of quickbooks. but, this only provides a few very basic things. and, things that are already handled by the iphone version of the app. it seems like whoever is designing these apps doesn't actually use quickbooks and doesn't understand what is really needed. using quickbooks for ipad, i should be able to: run reports (as i do online), create invoices from employee time, enter time, match downloaded transactions. this app just doesn't make sense. who cares about a list of activities, i want to see my information organized the way it is online.
crashes too much, stressful. doing accounting is difficult enough. why did quickbooks create an app that crashes and creates frustration then?! this is not my phone's problem, because i have the latest apple model.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimates/invoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
awesome. amazing app perfect
great for business, especially if you drive a lot!!!. this app is great as well as the self employed app! make sure you do your invoicing all on one. they don't work together and have to re-enter on desktop or quickbooks app. you can select personal or business for mileage and customize trips. all in all this is a great app!
missing key functions. whilst i understand this is a mobile app, even the qbo version lags behind in key functions from its desktop predecessors, all of which intuit has had ample time to upgrade to fully integrated functionality. intuit needs to put full functionality above the profit margin and put customers above dollars.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
updates that don’t install. first of all got up to install and it won’t
latest update removed every feature i used. do not update! they really need to go back to the previous version of this app. every time they make an update it seems to be useless tweaks in navigation, font size and anything else that adds no value or functionality. they really need to just work on bugs and leave the layout alone. with the latest update, they literally removed every feature i used to use- dashboard widgets, p&l, balance sheet, bank account updating-all gone. it’s now absolutely useless.
won't sign in, incorrect subscription error.. like the title says, can't login tells me my subscription may have expired. i can log in through website easily.
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
needs work. i am a long time qb user. the desktop being the best version of this software. the online version coming in a distant second. however, this app, while it is a great idea, needs to come a long way. most of the basic features i use daily, like a quick balance sheet or p&l report don't appear available. i cannot even find a list of accounts to view. if i am going to be using an ipad for qb it is going to be to look stuff up or run reports. neither of these seem to be available at the moment. entering expenses and invoices, which do appear, i am generally going to do at a desk when i am paying bills. quickbooks itself is a great software. hopefully, they can get this app to be a bit more useful.
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be.
very solid app.. a couple gripes, but overall great user experience.
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app.
dissapointed. really let down by this app. i can't access my transactions on my amex through their app. the solution? open it through a mobile web browser. that's not why i got this program!! and just my personal opinion, i feel like the ui is a little weird. not enough options to organize things your way, or to be able to see transactions right away...you have to go through many windows. also, invoice is a little weird. not enough space to customize and put additional information in like the older non-web based program. overall, it's trying to hard to cater to too many different audiences and with too many restrictions.
"great app for distributors. we can invoice and deliver on the fly without having to go back to the office to capture the ""in the moment sales"". our accountant has access and was able to set our account up to match his categories for a fast and no worry tax prep."
pdf note on ipad. why can't we add a pdf note on ipad app. i can do it by accessing desktop version on ipad. but it's a pain doing it that way. the writing in the download box. the ipad wants to copy that. instead of accessing icloud or other cloud options. it takes several trys to do it that way. it would be simpler to add that option to the app. come on guys keep up with the technology. quit lagging behind.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
highly recommended!!. as a self employed tradesman, i was finding myself spending countless hours quoting & invoicing! this app has made running my business much smoother and given me free time on evenings (which is rare). admittedly it was pretty tricky to setup but the support helpline (both telephone & email) were fantastic at helping out. already recommended to other friends in the trade 👍
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
so so. the app is not the greatest. i've worked with better.
time tracker missing. the online version is friendlier then the online desktop version, but all in all a great app. one thing missing is the time tracker. would be great to be able to track your time spend on a project and book it to an invoice.
crash instantly on iphone 5. this app crashes instantly and doesn't operate on my iphone 5 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work. why don't you guys fix this?
how bad????. i would love to write a review, but as i've been trying to get this app to log in to my online account for 5 months now it's going to be a little difficult. but not as difficult as trying to get any customer support for this app. i could write a whole book on how impossible that is. so so disappointed. no help with this problem what so ever. frustrated!!!!!
what a nasty app!. was forced to start a trial just to open the app. once registered and everything, i realised i don't like the app and wanted to cancel my trial as it said 'you can cancel anytime'. and that's when hell started. it's impossible to find info on how to cancel. had to log into the desktop version on my phone and in order to go that you wait for a code sent to your email which never arrived. tried again the following morning and once i was finally in my account, the site was so poorly built that it kept redirecting me to other pages and not the help page where i was hoping to find out how to cancel. finally had to log in from my laptop (after waiting for a new verification code) to find out you just let the trial run out. what a massive waste of time. highway robbery. disgusting!
great app -- easy to use. enough said. it helps me keep track of my invoicing as well as my expenses. great for small businesses.
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
pretty pointless. i have used quickbooks desktop for almost 20 years. at one small company i work for, i use qb online. i feel that the app that goes with qbo is useless. there is very little that you can actually do through the app and even reporting is limited. and forget trying to change anything that was previously entered. i would use qbo through the website on my ipad but that is not configured well either so i pretty much have to wait until i get to my laptop. don’t bother with this app.
simply, beautifully... brilliant. i've no need to log in via the laptop until the end of the month... the fact that i can capture, create but also review my expenses, my p&l and notes is simply brilliant.
what a bad program to help manage your business. you may be better off with paper and pen than to use this program. when i began using mainly the mileage portion i was pleased with what i assumed was a working app. i was able to enter travel between customers by entering a location or tapping the gps starting point and on completion of the trip i would hit the destination gps button which filled in the address. unfortunately, the app doesn’t alway provide the distance. the next problem was i could not save the trip because the distance showed 0 miles, getting out of the app without saving caused me to loose all the data for that part of my day. i just found out the data you have collected does not transfer to quickbooks, so what good is this app. i’ll bet you think that’s all, we’ll it isn’t, now when i try to stop my subscription of only three days, i have found no helps to cancel this terrible app and stop this painful ordeal. somebody please help me get out of this with out some kind of mental breakdown!
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for 32 months now and run my whole one-man business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the latest version of the ipad app significantly improves the reports category. the invoice and estimates form disaster of may 2015 has been rectified they've rolled dissatisfied customers back to the old forms and are reworking the new ones.
working great. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
quickbooks app. as a finally self employed electrician after many many years in the trade i decided to try qb online & it is quite simply amazing, easy, intuitive, versatile & very good value, looks professional and cannot recommend higher. thank you, matt m.b.s. electrical, jersey
superb!. i've been a small business owner for about 8 years and a true fan and user of the qb desktop version, but this app covers all the bases i need covered and makes invoicing customers so much easier. while it may lack some of the features and polish that are on the desktop version, for a one man band like myself, this is perfect and works brilliantly. only issue i've come across is a couple of times when i've emailed invoices they did not go out. so now i cc one to myself so i know it went. otherwise, this app is nothing but first class!
love it. easy to use and understand. have recommended it to everyone i know. great app.
very happy. i love this app for my business
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
need it but disappointed. i need this app and use it almost daily for our small business but i've been very disappointed every time you do an update. so many glitches every time making it hard to trust that new invoices were created, payments actually were taken, or emails sent. the last 2 updates were especially frustrating. smaller font on invoice numbers and buttons for taking action (such as taking payment, sending emails, print options) are a real annoyance. if these kinds of things could be fixed i would change my review to 5 stars.
works seamlessly with desktop version. i love that i can use the app to connect with clients while i'm away from my desktop with ease. the ability to send an invoice in the moment has been great to keep me on track while i'm on the go!
works, but..... did the update on aug 15. sending estimates from my ipad pro to customers they received jumbled text, not a pdf estimate. i can't get work when customers can't open the estimates. this is a big deal!
great app. awesome app
poor. very poor, looks good, loads not available via app, buggy things get repeated after purge, why there isn’t a test drive feature that doesn’t perm add and clears when turned off is beyond me. phone support terrible, tell them using app and answer is use web browser on a pc, why have an app if core functionality is unavailable. pointless the self employed app is a bit better but no ipad app, it at least has ocr for receipts and auto cat’ing them. if it wasn’t for mtd being pushed in april then i would leave qb alone unti it is more mature
do not update!!! horrible!!. if you use this app for everyday business like i do do not update it. i have been using it fine for weeks ,then i updated thinking it would be less buggy, wrong !! the app doesn't even work now ,boy did i look like i didn't know what i was doing in front of my customer. what a horrible experience and canceling quick books right away and going back to paper invoices until these non brained developers actually test the software first.
expenses not current. somehow my current expenses are not listed under my checking account. the last entry is for 2012. please update. thanks
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimates/invoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimates/invoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
app works well on high speed lan, not so much on slower and spotty connections. this app is not really a thick client app, it is constantly going to a server for data. that works well in a perfect lan setting, not so much in say a hotel room or using the built in networking of the ipad. example: sometimes the vendors list won't populate when creating a transaction. trying to create the vendor won't work, because it does check back with the server to see if the vendor exists already. so your stuck, you can't add the vendor to the transaction. workaround: just add the vendor name, then append 2 or 3 or 4 after the name to get past the server check.
need it but disappointed. i need this app and use it almost daily for our small business but i've been very disappointed every time you do an update. so many glitches every time making it hard to trust that new invoices were created, payments actually were taken, or emails sent. the last 2 updates were especially frustrating. smaller font on invoice numbers and buttons for taking action (such as taking payment, sending emails, print options) are a real annoyance. if these kinds of things could be fixed i would change my review to 5 stars.
the best app for small business owners. i own a small business near austin, tx and i used to have to drive home to write up an estimate, but with quickbooks they have truely made it easy and extremely convenient. i highly recommend this app.
brilliant app. i have tried a few other invoicing and book keeping apps and had a lot of problems with them. i have been using quick books for nearly a year now, and it's easy, professional and complete. i am very happy with it, and recommend it to everyone. thank you
awesome. great app! making bookkeeping much more enjoyable!
i seriously hate qb online & the app. coming from qb for mac, the learning curve has been awful. so many things that should be intuitive aren't, and too many, seemingly little, functions don't exist in these versions, which makes my job so much harder. i wish i could switch software, but it's what my cpa uses, so i have to use it too - ugh!
we must overturn the quickbooks monopoly!. apple has quickbooks featured in a “streamline your business” section. laughable. quickbooks is a nightmare of interface, usability, and pricing. yet the accountant lock-in assures its continued existence. take pricing, for example. with the desktop versions, one can have multiple companies, something many small businesses do for legal reasons. quickbooks online? forget it. you’ll need an actual separate subscription for each company! truly ridiculous. why not just enable multi-company support for companies registered to the same email? this is just one tiny example of the lack of attention to design and price gouging of which intuit is famous. fortunately, there are more and more viable alternatives. use the google, luke. tell your account that they are just going to have to deal with whatever accounting software you choose. if they are a quickbooks only shop, find another accountant.
very frustrating. i can't understand why quickbooks refuses to put time tracking in their mobile app. time tracking is weak at best on a desktop but excluding it on mobile makes no sense. as a graphic designer who only sells time, this is close to worthless.
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
disappointing. i've been a long-time user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
"took money. loved the app until it was time to get paid through the app. my client's payment was deducted from their account 5 days ago. after providing information about my client, along with 6 months of bank statements, i was told that i should be paid 5 days from now, but according to the user agreement, it may be longer. intuit is holding on to my money that the client had paid to me for services rendered. i'm switching to freshbooks for invoicing, and opening a chase quickpay account or find some other method of payment. waiting for a paper check in the mail would be easier and more reliable than this garbage. like, i said, it was a great app, until it was time to get paid, which is the point of working. their only explanation has been ""your account was flagged by our computer."""
complement to quickbooks online. this app is a complement to quickbooks online. this apple really work good for making estimates sending invoices and much more. i wish gopayment and quickbooks online were integrated or as one. other than that, great app.
limited. desktop app for mac is brutal slow. mobile apps ok but limited graphic reports
plenty to be desired. there are options such as making expenses billable is not available. previously had issues with adjusting tax in the app and the support team told me to use the web based version. what's the point in having an app with features when the support team just tells you use the web version.
good. nice app
time saver. i was hesitant to move from the desktop version to online but thought i would find the auto-import and document storage worthwhile. after a week i'm thrilled since the majority of my time using quickbooks was spent doing data entry for expenses and sales receipts. the online version now lets me auto import square and paypal and tracks the processing fees so there's only a quick review to make sure the transactions are accurate, which they have been. my credit cards linked up and downloaded several months which once i matched a did the first reconcile were accurate. time consuming data entry for charges, square sales, and other transactions are a thing of the past. even sales receipts in the online version include a deposit account so there's no second step like the desktop version to record a deposit. plus the mobile app and camera feature to record receipts and documents has saved filing time. i'm happy i made the change and anyone new to quickbooks will find the online version easy to use.
makes life easier!!. quickbooks online, the app, and gopayment have all made my life so much easier. i can now track things in the go and accept payments right on my phone. it works seamlessly!
great for small business. it's a great app for small business. since it's a cloud solution, cheap and easy to access your finances from any where. need improvement to have detailed views and reporting for the management.
why bother?. don't understand why they bothered developing this app? much more functionality available using safari and logging into quickbooks!
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
very disappointed with service and customer service. unbelievably disappointed in the service thus far. i’ve used freshbooks for my other business for 5 years and have never had the level of issues that i’ve had thus far in 90 days. i keep getting bombarded with youtube ads. even though i’m a paying user they are still targeting me and perpetuating a negative experience and wasting ad dollars. they flagged an invoice to check we had the revenue to pay it if it was fraudulent. never had this happen before but when i get a call from corporate the number they called me on and told me to call back fails, the dial by number directory fails and then when i call intuit they take 45 minutes to get me through 4 departments to tell me there is “no reason it got flagged and nothing you can do to stop this from happening in the future” i’m not able to post a payment that’s a check during all of this for another customer and extremely frustrated with them.
stops working too often!. not a bad way to do your estimates in the field and send out invoices but your app stops working way too often for us company wide!!!
awful app.. literally the worst business related app that i have to deal with. get ready to log in every six seconds and have no changes saved when you modify things. the idiotic data entry fields do not allow you to enter information half the time. if literally anyone anywhere came up with a program that would import my contacts and records from this steaming pile of junk, i would switch.
app okay, customer svc bad!!!!!. i've used the app and i like it, but do not use the pay online feature when sending invoices. i had a customer pay two invoices at the same time and three weeks later, i haven't received the payment. i've called quickbooks, quickbooks payment center several times and the only thing they do is put you on hold. the wait time is from 30 minutes to an hour, i waited on hold for an hour and was disconnected. they deposited the monies from the two invoices into a account that's not mine, and getting them to correct the problem is like pulling teeth from a hungry lion. very dissatisfied with there customer service. i like the app, customer service and online payments not so much.
payslips via app. can’t access the payslip’s by using app ??
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
needs work. this won't stay up to date with online or desktop app and i regularly get error messages. this is frustrating and useless.
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
"excellent for really small businesses. i'm a sole prop and this app is perfect for me. with a business that is mostly services-based (and no payroll), this app gives me exactly what i need in terms of creating and editing invoices and quick reports. a lot of people are complaining about the lack of reports, and maybe that's true for larger businesses, but being able to quickly see income and expenses is all i need ""on the go."" it's supposed to be a helpful app - not the entire quickbooks system. if i want in depth reports i go to the actual computer. not a problem."
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
good but can be better. the app is pretty good, i like how you are able to categorize the bank feeds. it’s laid out nicely. the only thing i would really like to see would be a detail when “matching” the transactions. you were only able to see the amount and often times there are several items with the same amount. it would really be nice to see whether it’s a transfer an invoice or the account that you are matching the transaction to. you could simply add it as a small detail underneath the amount.
good app. this app and software can help you track y control all your business data, in one and easy way!
best accounting software i've tried. this has got to be the most intuitive feature rich reasonably priced cloud computing package for small business i've ever seen. waaay better than myob, such a great little app.
good app. goop app
amazing product. great product for a small company. combining quickbooks online with the phone app is a great tool. being able to look up customers, create invoices, email invoices anywhere you want. i am also excited to be able to pair qb online payment with this also. all in all it's a great product for a great price so many things you can do with it.
slowly losing my business. i'm about tired of this app not functioning properly. embarrassing to say the least when i have a customer trying to pay their bill and i can't even connect to quickbooks online server. none of your apps are working as advertised. $25/month for what again? vendor profile on iphone isn't in sync with current information online. trying to enter/view bills within a certain vendor and it's showing info from 2016.
work. great app especially for small businesses
update ruined app. crashes constantly and that when you can get in. half the time it’s ‘downloading company data’ and won’t let you do anything. i find this making it actually harder to run my business.
app crashes on splash screen. on iphone 6s plus. this has been happening for so long and there is no action taken. i’ve tried uninstall and reinstall multiple times and nothing is working.
great app. i travel constantly and this app allows me to keep up with my bookkeeping wherever i am
glad i made the change. we were using xero for years purposely ignoring all its flaws cause hey, anything was better than going back to myob, though after a few frustrating years of not having basic functions on the app, no call centre for support (really??) and having to frantically search through countless 3rd party apps for simple features we finally gave up and honestly not looked back. we are now paying less than half in subscription fees, have all the functions we need built in on the web and on the app, and most importantly can speak to a human if we need help with anything. we can see that these guys are serious about improving their product and that’s why we had to give them a great review! thank you intuit for reducing our admin hours, we now spend the extra time focusing on our business and ourselves. cheers
app needs work.. quick books does not see the main product of its service as the app. because of this, i believe they are not putting enough work into it. every time i open the app, it is frozen. i have to refresh the app to get it to run. i am not able to enter credit card return transactions on the app. i have to do that on the computer. i have spent hours putting together an estimate just for quick books to give me an error saying they’re going to delete all of my data. i then have to copy all of my data to screenshots and then re-enter the entire estimate. this is probably cost me 20 man hours in the time that i have been on quickbooks. do more work.
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
works like it should!. the app works well and most everything is in the same place as the desktop version.
please stop making my sign in. every other fingerprint authentication app on my phone (banking, password manager, file managers) does not nag me to log in via password every other day. why does this app do so? please fix.
used to be great, then they “improved” qb. i’ve used quickbooks since the late 1990’s and was an early adopter of quickbooks online. while intuit has improved the platform dramatically, the latest rounds of “improvements” that have made the mobile app entirely unstable and unusable combined with nearly doubling the price and a pricing model that is disconnected from business scale (one could pay the same for a small business with $50k in revenue and a not so small biz with $10m in revenue) has left me utterly disappointed and looking for alternatives. problem is, switching is nearly impossible. so, if you’re considering quickbooks, just don’t. try xero or any other other competitors out there. if intuit can fix its most basic issues and start providing actual customer support that is accessible (just try the “app help” link which takes you to an intuit help page with no app support option!) with modern methods (like chat and email instead of only phone, and phone that can’t be reached most of the time - again, give it a try), then i’d recommend quickbooks again. it’s a shame because there is so much that’s great about the platform... but when doubling the price for purported gesture enhancements results in app bloat and instability, avoid like your business depends on it, because it does!
great app!. one of the best apps i have used!
"useless. i use quickbooks online extensively at my corporate office. this app, and what is available through the ""mobile"" website version of qb online, is useless for getting any work done outside of the office."
disappointed. just dont think its up to the invoicing apps others are. need to be able to add pdf attachments from the app. others can.
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
small business owner. app has shut down before i could save and i had to start over in the field. i had trouble accessing it in the beginning. it is not easy to add an address to the invoice edit option for the template...
great app but changes requested. great app that really allows me to manage my business with ease. changes requested within quickbooks intuit -contacts can not be deleted -when creating estimates/invoices, i’d like to be able to re-arrange line items once they’ve been entered into the document. -i wish mileages and receipt tracking could be used within this app because then i’d just attach all expenses to each job. -i’ve had trouble recently customizing the templates. when i make changes and try to save, my changes do not stay. -occasionally the entire app will freeze and i’ll lose all in-progress information.
good app.. it works good with my ipad mini.
geeat. awesome app...!!!!!!
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
might be better. purchases within the app are very expensive! and, by the way, the app cannot be considered as stable
fmtt. i like quickbooks especially the app. however, reconciliation is difficult and confusing. also, matching. deposits and making sure deposits are made in quickbooks is so hard to figure out.
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
amazing in app and on line. the perfect accounting platform. easy to use, fast and simple.
qb app. not useful as it could be as you can't enter a bill! not being able to enter a bill makes it useless to work from an ipad or tablet device.
buyer beware. after just starting my new business i spent a month with the software and enjoyed all the features it had to offer. however, when it came time to renew my subscription which i was prepared to do there was an issue with their billing system that didn’t allow me to subscribe. after spending over 8 hours on 4 different phone calls and chat support over 2 days the only solution they’ve offered is to export my data, create a new account, and re-enter all of my data by hand. yep, that’s right, they have an import function but their export function doesn’t output in the proper format to import it back into their very own software! all they offered was 40% off a 6 month subscription for my trouble (a $60 value) to cover the day i spent troubleshooting with them and the day or 2 it will take to re-enter all of my customer, invoice, and expense data by hand. their customer support people were friendly but were just following basic troubleshooting and even the supervisor i spoke with at the end was unable to make any headway putting a credit card on my account. i’ll be checking out other solutions like clientbooks since i don’t want to risk having my data being treated this way. —in response to developer response below— we tried that and in order to get the data out and “easily” back into quickbooks desktop i had to have a windows 7 machine running a particular version of ie - seriously? we even went further and tried to have your data management team do the conversion for me and even that was impossible since in order to do so i would have to add them as a user to my company data and i can’t do that since i can’t subscribe to add any more data (and apparently neither can you). honestly, it’s ridiculous that intuit doesn’t allow the billing to be updated somehow by your backend team and are trying to make me jump through 100 hoops just to get back to where i was.
the best. this app is the best for my businnes, when i use him as a contractor is the best, because i never lost money or forget charge any work. i love it.
"hilfreiche ergänzung. obwohl die app nur auf englisch vorliegt und damit die bedienung manchmal ""erraten"" werden muss, ist sie eine gute ergänzung zur pc-anwendung quickbooks online. es gibt zwar einige einschränkungen insbesondere bei den einstellungen, die teilweise nur am pc geändert werden können, aber für auswertungen oder schnelle eingaben unterwegs durchaus nützlich."
can not use. i’m from iran i can’t use this app because iran not in country list please add iran to the country list
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
desktop user tries online quickbooks. don’t do it. i repeat, if you are used to the desktop version, there is nothing but pain and frustration in your future. and, when you decide you do not like the online version, be prepared to loose all of your estimates (10 years for me) and have your books be off by ridiculous amounts (about a third of my gross receipts for 10 years is missing from my banking account). who knows what errors i have not found yet. i was lured in because of some problems i have been having with 2015 qb and have wanted a more mobile friendly version of qb since i started with them in 2008. i have wasted countless hours trying to make this work and final ended up buying a windows tablet pc (mac user, so that was painful) to get the mobility i need, assuming i can ever reconcile my books again. the one star is for the online techs. they are the all-stars of the quickbooks techs with the patience of job. which is good because they will need it and you will need them.
convenience. i really love the convenience and accessibility of this app and quickbooks online. since switching from desktop pro to this i've been able to keep up with paperwork in the field. i think it's great. i just wish they made an upgrade so i could automatically subtract expenses from specific jobs. having everything separate is a real hassle.
don’t bother downloading!. this app was so hard to use, wouldn’t connect to my bank, wasted so much time trying. brought up all of my personal accounts transactions even though i asked it to hide them. wouldn’t bring up transactions older than 3 months. i honestly don’t understand how anyone can use it!!!
limited functionality. app doesn’t permit printing or downloading to a spreadsheet format. makes it impossible to reconcile accounts or print statements for records retention. very expensive with limited functionality.
very good app. if i could link my icall to it, it would be perfect 5 stars
i spoke, they listnened. i have had my fair share of frustrations with intuit and when they send out questionnaires i answer them and my biggest complaint was no access to a p&l which is now apart of the app. it's perfect for what i use it for and there's nothing like creating invoices and getting paid on the go. great update and thanks for listening.
app is digressing. over the weekend, a change made the customer not viewable or searchable for invoices. extremely inconvenient as this has always been the case and now it has been removed and all you can see is invoice numbers.
decent but need more work. when using the online version, this ios version looks incomplete. it is useful to see some general information, but for analysis you need more details and this app does not show them.
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
great app and fair prices. i do all my business through quick books and have had no major problems. the rates on credit transactions are equivalent to any other clearing house and at $30 a month to automate my process is a life saver. great simple to read reports too.
great app. i use apple products and it works great for us. get paid quick with credit cards or bank transfers.
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21st-century accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
not too happy. so many things quickbooks needs to work on. it's pretty and all but the functionality of it is suffering badly. if you have a pagees and pages full of invoices for a specific customer 1. you can't click on a page number so if you have to go to page 15.... you guessed it! gotta click 15 times and wait for it to load all 15 times 2. after you finally find the invoice by clicking and searching it the software takes you alllll the way back to the first page instead of just remaining where you are. i think that has to be the absolute worst. 3. there is an option to filter invoices but a search bar would work a million times better... searching for an invoice by date when there were 50 on that day, or by name when there are hundreds in that name, or by balance when there are more than 15 pages to go through is just tiring and a waste of time. excel works better if you ask me. 4. oh and collections center for overdue payments isn't available online only desktop.
what a bad program to help manage your business. you may be better off with paper and pen than to use this program. when i began using mainly the mileage portion i was pleased with what i assumed was a working app. i was able to enter travel between customers by entering a location or tapping the gps starting point and on completion of the trip i would hit the destination gps button which filled in the address. unfortunately, the app doesn’t alway provide the distance. the next problem was i could not save the trip because the distance showed 0 miles, getting out of the app without saving caused me to loose all the data for that part of my day. i just found out the data you have collected does not transfer to quickbooks, so what good is this app. i’ll bet you think that’s all, we’ll it isn’t, now when i try to stop my subscription of only three days, i have found no helps to cancel this terrible app and stop this painful ordeal. somebody please help me get out of this with out some kind of mental breakdown!
junk update = worthless app. since the latest update, my qb app shows an error saying that my session has expired immediately after i log in. i can't use it at all. pc access is okay.
good app but could be better. overall i love the app. i've been using my ipad pro for traveling more but we need this app up to speed. in sales view i would love a simple addition to show next to the invoice if it was sent, opened or not sent. it's a simple change and would save a lot of time instead of having to open up each invoice. also, would like to see a total amount of outstanding invoices at the top, not just divided out in overdue and due. i'd also like in sales view to be able to sort by po number and invoice number. would also be nice to have a note icon next to each invoice number that if we click on it, it opens to show the notes we wrote. another note that i have been requesting on all quickbooks online apps for a while now is the feature the billings app used to have for free. a simple list of all the clients emails for that particular company in a list with a check box next to each. we can select our repeats to automatically select those for estimates and invoices. but we can easily click to add others or remove them. it helps so much to have all of those email addresses for each specific client to select from. currently, we have to go in to the clients info page and add the email there or go and copy / paste it into my email. both do not seem very organized were thought out for an app it's expensive considering the free app you took over had it before. plenty of large companies just bringing freelancers or they have different people handling billing. we need a faster, simpler solution to select company email addresses foe each estimate/invoice. please address these issues. if so i will change my rating to five for sure but right now there is room for improvement.
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
nice app. works better than the online version
saving expense takes forever... didn't used to!. when you save an expense with an attached photo/receipt, the beach ball spins for so long, i simply can't use the app. i wind up entering all my expenses at the end of the month on my computer. i wind up having to manually kill the process, then go back in and see what didn't save, i.e. the receipt. fix this!
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
great small business app. love this app for my working vacations!
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
quickbooks lies again. this app does not track mileage as advertised
fantastic software !. currently in a middle of a building site, sending clients invoice & estimates. now my time is my own this evening ! couldn’t do with out it .
no bill?. come on, we can do all things with expense and nothing with bills? bills are the big part of our business expenses from our vendors. they are not even added to the total expense on the summary dashboard, how can we really tell how our business is doing when a big chunk of cost not appearing? please include the ability to enter/view/edit bills asap.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
mr. brilliant app
app. can not open quickbook app even after update.
the most buggy app on my phone. ironically this is probably the simplest app on my phone since it only adds and subtracts, and it's the most expensive app on my phone considering the monthly fees. but it's also the most buggy. intuit has a near monopoly on this market segment and they behave like monopoly as far as the quality of their service. first and foremost touch id does not work on this app. on the intuit help boards i can see that this has been the case for almost a year with no fix. i can't see how they can claim that they offer bank level security when this basic feature doesn't work. also, this is the only app on my phone that regularly need to shut down because of an error. proceed with this app at your own risk it will cause endless frustration. in this case you don't get what you pay for. my free apps work much better than this one.
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
great app. i've started using quick books as i switched from kashflow it's much easier and has a great user interface.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
functional but could be better. i use the app on my iphone and ipad to keep on top of my business books. the app is great for simple things and entering everyday expenses, but i still can't enter time activity from my phone and when i have an invoice with billable time and materials, the app won't even open it. so i have to use the mobile browser which is a pain. i've had to setup a remote connection to an actual desktop browser so that i can do somethings that the mobile browser and the app just won't do because the features aren't developed. it would be nice if some focus would go to making all access points equal. if i could do everything in the app that i can do from the desktop browser, then i think that we'd be in business.
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
loving it. since the most recent update, i am loving this app!
quickbooks on the go. i'm rating this so it will stop asking me in the app every time i open it.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
ease of use. being able to utilize the app on mobile has made billing my customers so much easier for my transport company. editing and immediately sending invoices for quick pay is a great option as well. i've been a quickbooks user for 20 years now and will likely not stop anytime soon.
desktop should be same as app. great app but a shame that the desktop version dies not have the same functionality
so far so good, but.... i just signed up for the subscription. still setting everything up and evaluating the features, but the one thing i notice it is lacking right out of the gate is touch id support. the use of the passcode is a great shortcut, but adding touch id would make a very helpful addition!
love quickbooks, but the app is lacking. quickbooks has made my business a lot easier to run my business. i love it. the app is beautiful and easy to use if you're doing simple maintenance like categorizing bank transaction. but the app doesn't do all the things you log into quickbooks to take care of. and the many things you can do in one place is the whole point of quickbooks. the most annoying example: purchase orders don't seem exist on the app in any form. to read existing or write new purchase orders i have to switch from the app to the actual website -log out and re log in- in the middle of what i'm doing...so why use the app at all?
poor quality. poor quality. inconsistent design. loads of bugs. none of the bank feed transaction reconciliation/approval features have worked for at least the last three app updates. expensive rubbish.
"good but could be great.. straightforward and the ""go-to"" program for easy billing, estimates, and bookkeeping. the online and app version is pretty cool. however, qb has a ways to go before it's no longer frustrating and buggy. the lack of flexibility in terms of invoicing styles is baffling and the confusing and un-user-friendly interface only compounds this. there are at least two dozen small issues that could be simply coded-away to take qb from a 3/3.5-star program to the 5-star program it really wants to (and should) be."
no way to select india as a country. hello i am using iphone xs .. i downloaded ur app .. i am not able to select india as the country.. what seems to be the problem ?
app doesn’t open. app doesn’t open on the new iphone pro
this has been fixed: app does not function properly on ios13. update 9/23/2019: the below issue was entirely resolved with update 19.9.3. thank you! updated to ios13, immediately after, quickbooks app version 19.9.2 stopped allowing me to save invoice payments from clients, and stopped slowing me to bill labor...giving me all sorts of various errors. i’ve deleted and reinstalled the app, i’ve logged out and back in. i’ve rebooted. nothing resolves. i’m going two days of not being able to run my business and have folks enter their labor in the field, or accept payments from clients because of this issue. i’ve reported it to intuit twice already. fingers crossed for a fix by monday.
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
changed my life. very helpful and easy to use. now i am my own accountant and i can keep close track on everything i do. i love this app!
almost usless. the app does not show all the info like logging in from a pc. also scrolling up or down on a page is very glitchy. quickbooks has a lot of work to do on making this app useful.
so much potential... so little delivered!!!. such limited information available to users, can't even see a list of invoices due by customers or bills due to suppliers... i can look up their phone number and address but that's what i thought the contacts app was for... intuit, pull your finger out of your proverbial and actually write an app that does something... can't see expenses unless i enter them with my phone. the ipad version is the same, no excuse for that, it's not like the screen isn't big enough or anything. i'm sure a 12 year old with limited spending money could write and match this app for functionality. yep, i'm disappointed with this...
getting better all the time. still needs tweaking.. i use this app for my business every day, and the mobility is excellent. saves so much time in paperwork. i've been waiting for a couple of fixes for a long time: 1. there is no way to change whether a discount is before or after tax as in the desktop and ipad versions (it's locked to discount after tax and to change it requires logging in on another device to make the change). 2. i'd love to see a couple more report options, particularly invoices by month as on the ipad version. other than having to log in on another device for these things, it's solid and i'd encourage anyone in a similar business (service industry) to use this app.
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
app is crap. the quickbooks app very rarely lets us sign in and when it does many of the functions do not work. i’ve contacted customer service which is a complete joke. their suggestion was to check out the message board to see who else may have the problem we have! why? how about fix the problem!
must have !!!. if you have a business that serves customers and you want to collect payment at time of service or later, you want this software along with its phone apps to do business in the field. your a fool if you don't !!!!
nice app. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts.
quick books app. this app is really good, can do nearly everything i need from the phone.
keep getting stuck. this is the first time i am using this app and in keep getting stuck after every two, three transactions
great product. i couldn't be happier with this app is the best of the best, probably the purchase i ever done for my business
good app. it works really well to manage a business. a few things could be easier/more intuitive to do, but otherwise a solid app that gets the job done.
great app. great app
does everything i need.. if i could see my outstanding bills on the dashboard, i would say it was perfect. but even though qb have chosen not to include this requested feature, i am still happy to recommend.
so easy. thank fou for this easy and convenient app to keep our business streamlined!
no customer service. i like the application and the features which can be improved of course, but i can't give them more then two star. is more than one week and no technical support. i can't buy this application without support.
since new update, i can’t sign in. every since the most recent ios update, the quickbooks app won’t let me sign in. my user info is 100% correct, i’ve tried to copy and paste my password into the sign in box but it won’t actually let me paste anything. period. so, i have to type in my 20 character password every single time. it’s 100% correct every time i’ve tried it but it tells me it’s incorrect, despite being able to sign in online and on my desktop with the same information. i’ve deleted the app and reinstalled a few times. still no luck. add this issue on top of the countless other issues i’ve had with quickbooks in general and i’ve had enough. i’m looking for comparable replacements for this system because it’s just awful and super buggy.
unprepared and unknowledgable. as an app developer myself, i'm thrilled with the desktop experience however i was looking forward to using the mobile benefits of this app and have yet to be able to. ios9 and this app are not compatible and the app crashes when downloading company data. i understand ios9 is new but it has been out to developers (like intuit) for months and they were still not prepared. customer support then has no information on when it will be updated and claimed there is no known issue. very disappointed and losing trust by the day.
be careful how you pay for your subscription. as many others have mentioned before, this app suffers from serious lack of usability when it comes to backup and restore. let’s start with some basics. the software itself is great. i very much enjoy it. but beware, they want to monopolize the subscription market so their online software does not work with their desktop software. so you’re either paying monthly forever or not able to make out an invoice or expense on mobile. beware of how you pay for your subscription!!!! if you subscribe through a third party like apple, you can never stop. my subscription expired and i clicked on the “renew” link that popped up in the app. when i did so, it took me to a renewal page where i put in my cc info and added payroll. turns out, instead of renewing my existing company, they started a new one for me and were unable to transfer the payment info over because the existing company was locked into third party payment processing. this started the process of having to backup my data and import it into the new company that had payroll attached. as mentioned before, you have to export your data using an archaic system in ie. then most importantly, you cant even import the same file that qbo exported and used to backup your data in the first place!!! it forces you to download quickbooks desktop and import the file there and then export it from desktop to qbo. you can’t even download quickbooks desktop for free. the trial link doesnt work. so, in my example, i am currently stuck with a third party payment processor whose payment info i can’t change (in other words i can’t separate my personal and corporate business expenses on a recurring monthly basis) and a system that i can’t transfer over. worst product support ever worst integration ever worst payment system ever
professional cleaning. quickbooks makes my company easy to run. the app is just the cherry on top.
just what i needed. i run a small contractor business doing remodel work. the mobile app has been a god-send. i can track all my estimates, invoices & expenses in one place. helps me track clients that are late payers too (which sometimes happens). i like it. 100% worth the subscription
app freezes. since updating my iphone to 13.0 the quickbooks app freezes once it opens. at this point it is completely useless.
horrible customer service. product is a great product but the customer service is absolutely horrible!!! i was on hold/on the phone with customer service just to be told to call back on monday.
taking our business to a new level. we have been so happy since we switched to quickbooks online plus! it has allowed us to streamline our invoicing and bookkeeping. our clients love how easy it is to pay invoices online. we love knowing we've received payment for each cleaning performed! qb customer service is excellent.
app is limited on what your can do. the app would be more helpful if i could categorize transactions while on the go among many other features the desktop version offers.
broke a good product. no longer prints service dates on the invoice.. quickbook broke a good product. invoices no longer print / e-mail forms with the service date. the old version would give you the option to bill by the hour and when you sent out invoices it would list the date of service. the last few updates keeps removing the service date from the invoices. the product use to let you update the form to add the service date back. this version no longer allows the invoice forms to be edited to include the service date. this does not work for our clients. they will not pay a invoice if they do not know when the services where preformed.
great app!!. great app
pretty good but, but no bill entry????. i have found this to be somewhat helpful for reviewing expenses, but it would be fantastic if i was able to pay bills on the go. i would love to be able to keep my business mobile by using the camera to “scan” invoices and submit them for payment right from the app. a core function that is surprisingly absent. this is a must for future development. without it, the app just come up short...
great app for small business owners!. i have a handyman business and this app made the paperwork side of the business easy!! i definitely recommend
great system easy to use. i really like the online version better than the windows. the app is easy to use i highly recommend this app quick books has completely changed the way i run my business. every thing is so organized and neat now. i don't lose recipes any more. witch is a plus the total functionality of the system is great.
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me.
great app. loving it - i love keeping track of expenses on the go.
great app. accounting on the go!. ahh my favorite part of the day just got a whole lot easier. this app lets you track you individual transactions on the fly. it also lets you categorize and itemize expenses. if you like neat books and your on your phone a lot this app makes things easy. it's free so just try it out.
saves time = saving money. great way to save time in keeping track of your business expenses and income. worth every penny for me saves me about 4-8 hours a week in managing my books and business.
such an awesome time saving app. this app saves so much time and effort for small business owners and probably business owners in general. would highly recommend.
expense/bill data missing in app. expense and bill data is not available in the iphone app while accessible online. what is the meaning of the app when i can't see any of my vendor bills or company expenses. development team???
great app and super easy to use. very easy to use and customise. very intuitive to use and no excuse not to update on the go
ok but needs work. we have 4 ipad2 running his app to invoice and do estimates on the go. we do field service but often gave problems whether server related or just speed/connection issues. this app is overall ok but need work. an offline mode would be great! it is very very slow at saving images or signatures and sending emails with documents to customers. often i have had to stop and reset the app to save a signature and many times i end up writing it up because of the issues. good luck with it.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
update is horrible!. i've been using qb online app for a long time. and it seem like the app finally had started to improve and now this latest update has caused some great frustration. i do not recommend updating totally get these glitches resolved.
easy to use. this app is so quick and easy. my business is on the go all of the time and it makes estimates and invoicing so quick and easy.
great app. it sure is nice to be able to do things anytime anywhere.
excellent program. i am so impressed with this new app, it is very easy to use and very helpful for my construction business. i don't even have to go to the office to make an invoice i can do it right in my truck on my phone and send it. i can check on expenses... it's a breeze and worth the time to get to know this app and online program.
poor customer service. i've had the app for 3 months. accounting part is fine. invoicing is fine. nothing spectacular. i set up the payment processing and have maybe taken 2 payments. most of my invoices are commercial which don't pay by credit cards. all of a sudden my credit card processing was terminated without any notice and no logical explanation was given. now since i have already paid for this i need to use multiple companies for my invoices which is the reason i switched to them in the first place. i would do your research before making the decision to use this company.
introduce me to accounting. i love the app, it's giving me a good idea on what accounting is about. i'm kinda looking forward to take this course in the fall :)
improvements. 1) stock quantity should be displayed in the app 2) round off amount space in invoice
horrible photo receipt capture function. the recent update apparently changed the algorithm for identifying receipt paper boundary in a photo that makes no sense at all. two out of three times it only capture a useless fragment of the whole receipt which the makes entering receipts a horrible and utterly frustrating experience.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: -stores repeat client info - allows for cc payment - allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice. - alerts me of tardy invoices - provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months income/expenses dislikes: - credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge - all of my invoices have an intuit logo - customer service is not great
less than impressed. the interface is way to different from the online version. i can’t even access payroll through the app. it’s way to simplified to be useful. it needs a serious update to be more user friendly
the worst app and support ever. if i could give this minus stars i would. the app has multiple problems: duplicating downloads from my bank account giving false balances. not recognising matches. losing transactions. camera rotates image by 90 degrees making it virtually impossible to photograph receipts. slow and inadequate response from technical support. the list goes on but i’m fed up typing now. if you are considering this app my advice is: don't if i had the time to change to another accounts packages that would upload the intuit data i would. any recommendations?
great app but expensive. at $30/month it’s expensive. now that they’re raising it to $40, i’m starting to question my choices..
great software. with each update this app gets better and better, great integration with turbo tax small business
great. nice app! works well for what i need!
trina gordon (happee momentz). great app! my business couldn’t function without it!
too sophisticated for just personal budgeting. i have been using quickbooks since 2006 and its predecessor before 2006. i only use it for my personal budgeting of 14 bank accts, 10 mortgages and 6 credit card transactions. sometimes i cannot figure out how to enter a transaction (transfers between accts, accepting matching transactions, credit card individual transactons versus balance payment) without creating a double entry or it cancelling out an entry. love, love, love the online version that i can access via iphone.
good app. very detailed , im no pro @ accounting but i am teaching myself this app. its very in depth and i like it.
very good app. good
qb app no good!!!. quickbook online is fine where as the app has only limited features!!!
nick name. works for mobile receipts, entering expenses is really nice as you can take a picture of the receipt. even has limited reports. i don't understand all the bad reviews. what do you want it to do? for hvac contractor like me, it works really good.
horrible app.. when the app is down more than few times a month, it's not convenient especially when you have to hand write the invoice and than re-do on qb later on , it's frustrating when this becomes an every week story.
best app!. best app better then squared
down hill. the app use to be great and every time i launch it it would use finger print to open, but now it is asking for a password every time i shut it down. it only asks for the finger print if the app stays running in the background.
"slowly getting better!. new app is working great - i can take payments from within the app now vs using the gopayment app and having to import the transaction. that saves a lot of time. touch id works! the home page is very convenient in seeing my activity and p&l's. one thing that needs fixed is the ""due on date"" for invoicing. all of my customers are cod and even though i have this option selected it still invoices out net 30 across all platforms (mac, ios and windows). would love to see the option of allowing customer to add a tip in the future, like in gopayment. feb 22, 2017 - open/paid/pending invoices aren't showing up under customers name.."
ability to do transfers. good app just wish i could do transfers between my bank accounts the same as the online version.
bank transfer. this is a great app with some unfortunate flaws. first, i love that they’ve added the mileage feature. i had to have the self employed app as well just for the mileage tracking. however, it is not always accurate and doesn’t always auto track. it will also put a random address and if you try to change the address, it doesn’t correct the appropriate amount of miles. you have to delete and manually add it. also, you have to put in the right amount of miles when manually adding; it doesn’t calculate from the starting and ending point. so, if you don’t know the mileage off the top of your head, you have to go to another map and find out the distance. second, i don’t recommend using the bank transfer feature. they hold the check for at least 4-5 days before releasing to your back so you’re looking at 7 days before the money shows up in your account.
huge asset for small business. love the flexibility this app provides. i can do everything from the app that i can do from the desktop although it takes twice as long. however, as a small business owner being the accountant and the laborer it is great having the ability to pull up invoices with clients and email invoices on the go.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
great mobile app. mobile app has more functionality than online version. having the ability to take a note on a customer and add a photo. i only wish those notes were visible to the online version. currently they are not.
epic receipt capture fail. this app is terrible. it is slow, has bugs, and it takes way too many steps to capture receipts and add them to a transaction - which should be the main selling point for this app. in fact, you can’t even add receipts to transactions that are “for review.” you have to add the transaction before attaching a receipt. not at all useful when you want to attach a receipt do your cpa/bookkeeper can later weigh in on which account the transaction should go against. my workaround is to add the transaction via computer, then go back in via iphone to capture the receipt, but i get an error message if i do this right away...have to restart the app to get it to work! given the choice between this app and a seasick crocodile, i’d take the seasick crocodile.
app ruined. come on!!!!! the app is totally unusable now. can't save invoices, can't email them to the right person and can't create them with the correct info. this is the type of screw up that someone should be fired over.
getting better but a long way left to go. we switched to quickbooks on the recommendation of a number of accountants. then we realized that quickbooks online and the desktop offering are worlds apart. the app is good, but not great. the entire qbo experience is frustrating and getting support is difficult.
recommend for one stop booking & accounting. i tried many softwares for accounting , the only reason i choose this platform because of its graphics & designs , the dashboard itself give you a ray of positivity , they design the dashboard and entire platform graphics in future aspect. apart from it there customer service is also and helpful. cheers !! ashutosh
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that -- miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
fantastic for on the go.. customers pay me and i put it right in the app. no waiting until i get home to forget. love this app.
glad i made the change. we were using xero for years purposely ignoring all its flaws cause hey, anything was better than going back to myob, though after a few frustrating years of not having basic functions on the app, no call centre for support (really??) and having to frantically search through countless 3rd party apps for simple features we finally gave up and honestly not looked back. we are now paying less than half in subscription fees, have all the functions we need built in on the web and on the app, and most importantly can speak to a human if we need help with anything. we can see that these guys are serious about improving their product and that’s why we had to give them a great review! thank you intuit for reducing our admin hours, we now spend the extra time focusing on our business and ourselves. cheers
frustrating at times.... use it for a small business and overall it works great. but... it seems like it will randomly decide to log me out when i just used it hours or minutes earlier. normally this is not a big deal but good security practice... like most security minded individuals i use a password app for storing hundreds of complex passwords that can be easily copied and then pasted into an app. for some “brilliant” reason the quickbooks developers have recently disabled the ability to paste a password during login. i guess i’ll now change my long complex password to something i can easily remember making it less secure! the ability to paste a secure password is good practice that all major vendors support - why is quickbooks disabling it???
ok but frustrating. doesn't do as much as online version. lots of error messages when downloading bank data. poor customer service, not responsive when errors flagged.
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app- i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “read/seen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
great product - but ..... great product, easy to use. the only thing missing for me in the basic version is recurring transactions. can’t justify an extra $10pm just for that
purchase orders. i have been asking them for years to add the ability to create and view purchase orders. this is all i use quickbooks for, and they won’t let you do it from the app!
awesome. great app and very easy to use!
total crap. this app doesn't work. it shows numbers which doesn't make sense, you can't rely on it. i just go to safari web and login to my quick books account. please change it if you can.
poor quality. poor quality. inconsistent design. loads of bugs. none of the bank feed transaction reconciliation/approval features have worked for at least the last three app updates. expensive rubbish.
a poor mobile companion to qbo. there are so many things wrong with this app. for example, expenses have a note field that doesn't show notes entered in qbo (web). the length of the expense category field is so short that i can't distinguish among categories, especially nested ones. the app generally lacks the functionality it would need to make it a truly useful companion to qbo.
not just yet..... still have to enter my password every time i open the app. touch id or app pin don't work. ipad and iphone data isn't identical. this is so annoying.... especially in front of customers!! tired of wasting my time. update: deleted the app and reinstalled it to see if that made a difference. touch id works for now. will update after some use. bumped from 2stars to 3stars. update same day: already back to manually enter in in password. 2 stars.
thumbs up for the business help!!!. take the time to go through the tutorials and this is an amazing app to help with any small business!!!
excellent program. we are extremely happy with this program, it has made our company administrators live so much easier.
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right. update 02-02-19; still has constant logout problems after all these years. would give 0 stars if i could.
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
great app!. so easy to use, really makes a difference to be able to invoice and do payments on the move.
you need to understand accounts..... no app will replace an accountant - unless you know what you're doing you can run into troubles had trouble with bank account not balancing and can't put in bills which isn't helpful the app is ok to view data but you need the proper browser online version to have a chance to do things properly (if you know what you're doing...) ps spreadsheet is so much easier cheaper and quicker but this is the future apparently so you better deal with it
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
it's okay. i like being able to do banking on the app but need more. i can't record a bill to a vendor, i can't mark a payment to undeposited funds. i would love these features
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
great app. works well recommend for chippys like myself :)
"problems with quckbooks subscription and access to using the app. the software itself has worked for me; however i have had problems with my quickbooks subscription billing from the beginning. at the moment i have a paid up subscription directly with quickbooks (not through the itunes app store) i spent about 45min either being on hold or attempting to resolve the problem with quckbooks customer service yesterday and when i open the app it still is only granting me ""read only"" access. now not only can i not invoice my customers to receive payments i am sitting on hold with an estimated 21min wait time at the moment. this is ridiculous!"
app isn’t working after updating to ios 13.. app isn’t working after updating to ios 13.
great app but not perfect yet. if they add more customization to this app like adding letterhead to purchase order and provide educational videos on every topic it would make a best app ever.
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
pretty good. i've been using qb for years to run my small auto repair business. the latest qbo and phone app are pretty good. like the interface. easy to use. only complaint is if i have no internet connection i'm dead in the water. being mobile is occasionally an issue.
accounts receivable. i only use quickbooks for accounts receivable in our mom and pop's orthodontic lab. this app allows me to use my ipad pro to enter invoices but i have to use my imac to create end of month statements. the app also has limited access to reports so i'm using both the app and the website. i'm giving it four stars because it's quick and convenient to enter invoices and receive payments on my ipad. i look forward to any additional features. thanks :)
the app have few bugs & the customer support sounds like they not familiar with their products. when you create a new customer and saving it and then you need to change some information in the contact it still shows the previous info contacted customer support few times and they are useless
"what it does, it does well.. with the caveat that it does so very little. want to set up bank accounts? tax codes? absolutely anything besides adding customers and basic invoices? gotta use a browser. but wait! don't bother trying to do it from your ipad, or you'll get redirected to an even more useless, hard to navigate site where you still can't do much useful. in order to do anything involved in setting up a company profile beyond name and address, you have to log in from a desktop computer. this app has the potential to be very good, but it is so completely lacking in features that it makes using it impossible for any serious business. in order for this to be worthwhile, it needs to access every setting and field available from a desktop browser. until then, you're seriously better off with a pencil and slide-rule than trying to work with this. i was considering using this when my desktop version of qb is no longer supported in a year, but until i can actually use it to, you-know, run a business, i'll gladly pass on this ""upgrade."""
app. grate app worth purchasing i'd recommend this to anyone
transferring to turbotax. transferring company file from online quickbooks to turbotax is only was possible by transferring the company file to desktop quickbooks and from there to turbotax. to do this transition you will need an old computer with windows 7 and ie11 32 bit. totally ridiculous and intuit looks does not care about this issue and left their customers alone with the issue. it’s a shame.
long way to go. this app has long way to go, if you truly wants people to work from every where, then make this app work just like web logins works. on apple ipad pro 11 inch, even i login via chrome, use request desktop version option enabled, screen flow do not work properly, its a mess, firefox is up to date, but says update firefox, safari has the same problem not showing screen properly. screen responses are some times too slow, to the point you cannot work from it. app has problems of its own, even though its showing at the time of login that fetching data, but still old data, i have to force refresh it after screen is loaded. direct debut functionality do not work in app, cannot select while creating a new invoice. i will make a change to invoice, save it & when i come back to it, changes will not be saved, its totally unreliable. tested xero app on ipad pro, works like a charm, qb sort it or loose us.
great product. please please don't stop the mobile app
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
great app. great app
great system easy to use. i really like the online version better than the windows. the app is easy to use there's some issues with it though, i would ole like it better if you could use and access every thing as if you were on your computer. i don't always have time to sit down at the desk and go threw every thing.
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
qb app is awsome. i really like the options on the app. makes my business easy to run
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the back-end templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
good app but could be better. overall i love the app. i've been using my ipad pro for traveling more but we need this app up to speed. in sales view i would love a simple addition to show next to the invoice if it was sent, opened or not sent. it's a simple change and would save a lot of time instead of having to open up each invoice. also, would like to see a total amount of outstanding invoices at the top, not just divided out in overdue and due. i'd also like in sales view to be able to sort by po number and invoice number. would also be nice to have a note icon next to each invoice number that if we click on it, it opens to show the notes we wrote. another note that i have been requesting on all quickbooks online apps for a while now is the feature the billings app used to have. a simple list of all the clients emails for that particular company in a list with a check box next to each. we can select our repeats to automatically select those for estimates and invoices. but we can easily click to add others or remove them. it helps so much to have all of those email addresses for each specific client to select from. currently, we have to go in to the clients info page and add the email there or go and copy / paste it into my email. both do not seem very organized were thought out for an app it's expensive considering the free app you took over had it before. plenty of large companies just bringing freelancers or they have different people handling billing. we need a faster, simpler solution to select company email addresses foe each estimate/invoice. please address these issues. if so i will change my rating to five for sure but right now there is room for improvement.
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
invoices and estimates design. the design and layout of the invoices and estimates templates are outdated. seems like a small thing, but it reflects poorly on a business’ brand, and it is so easily fixed on your end. hire a professional designer and give clients a template that says quickbooks cares about our brand too.
great app. if the sales history chart can show more than one year will be perfect ( at least 2 yrs )
great app. i using this app for my business is so easy the handle it thank you guys for this great app
stable. no longer crashes. the first update into ios 10.0.2 was really bad. wouldn't load. this update fixes that issue and i'm back working. was a setback for a week as i do a lot of invoice updates through the app, but i made due.
limited functionality. can't do a bunch of stuff on the app. largely useless. editing invoices is a nightmare.
unuseable. the developer disabled the ability to paste in your password. i cannot use an app that requires me to spend two minutes pecking in my 28-digit password every time i want to use it! enable paste and i will give this app a try.
so many good things ... but. i loved that i could take a photo of my receipts and then just throw them away. i like that it was in my phone and i could easily record real time so i didn’t have to go back and think what was that for? my hope was that i could easily share this info with my book keeper who also uses quick books. so i logged in on the computer so she could download the information. unfortunately the product she uses is different and it changed my app and my account such that while the information and all the receipts are in my phone the are not on the computer and i have no easy way to print the out and the book keeper is going to update all the info by hand. five month of hand entering again every check and purpose of each purchase. i talked to customer service for a long time. his final advice was to delete the app and download it again. i had just started to feel like i was getting a understanding of how my business was was going with this little app and then poof. gone. i will down load something else.
a great improvement over the mac desktop version. it saves me tons of time that i used to spend recording payments, expenses and running reports. client payments are easily paid via credit card by the client and automatically applied to the invoice. it has simplified my accounting.
"not quite a fully independent solution yet.. there are many features still missing in this app to make it a complete accounting solution for any business. for example, there is no way to enter purchases of assets. also, its not possible to enter a bill without paying it right away. what if your company does not pay its bills one by one but instead pays multiple at once. many other features are lacking and this app cannot be used without its windows or web portal yet. i believe that intuit has always suffered in making an application that is reliable. they should concentrate on fixing their current version of the software before trying to create new versions and different platform app before having one versions that is stable and does what its supposed to do. we are using quickbooks because the company has been using it since the beginning and because it would be too much work to change all of our hundred thousands of items to a new solution. but over the years we suffered from file corruptions, to quickbooks creating its own archiving transactions creating havocks in our entries that were archived and multiple tax audit because the software limits the way some entries happen. by the way, even if you don't have anything to hide, never give the government access to your quickbook file, they will question every entry, even entries that were entered by mistakes and reversed later. they don't look for the reversed correction for the mistakes. suffice to say, this app is not ready to do what the full version of the program does and is in no way a replacement for computer desktop in the accounting department, services department, parts (retail counter), or any that runs a company with at least one employee. i don't know who that person is who says ""now my computer usage is 99% ios..."" but let me confirm that it's now because of this app. patrick m."
great app. fantastic app. does everything i need to run my business on the go.
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
needs a little improvement.. not able to transfer data from invoices to sale receipt but from estimates to invoices you can?!?!??? also customs changes for customs style for invoices, estimates, and sale receipts don't save correctly but overlap one another. i have been using this app for a few months and other then those issues i hope developers improve, i think this app is very good with invoices, accepting payments, creating sales receipt and user friendly setup. i really do like the app and is very clear just needs basic improvements. hope to see them really soon.
"great for small business...with some accounting background. have been using this for a few months now for my small business. it seems to have most of my needs met very capably, and it definitely has the capacity to grow beyond what i will need in the near future. i am happy with my purchase and choice of accounting software. there are a few opportunities for improvement. while intuit markets this with a ""no accounting background needed"" type of campaign, i wouldn't quite go there. if you have some time to spend educating yourself on some of the accounting basics, it will definitely make your life much happier. they have some very helpful training videos to help but some research on your own (if you have no accounting background) would be highly recommended. without it, you may end up with some bald spots. just sayin! ;-) also, one cannot use the mobile apps (including this ipad app) to do the bookkeeping entries for a credit card like it will for a bank account. even with this application and the online subscription you will be paying for, you will still be stuck having to routinely go to a computer in order to process credit card transactions into your bookkeeping records here. this is a the single largest annoyance for me so far, and really defeats part of the whole point if you are buying this in order to use the app. while it works for a lot of things (and does so very well), you're not going to be able to get very far from your computer for your expenses if you are using a credit card. in the end, it shows a lot of promise. they update it regularly, bringing new features and functionality pretty frequently. fix that credit card functionality and i might even give it five stars."
poor invoicing. the ideas on this app seem great but in reality don't deliver. linking bank accounts doesn't really work (for my hsbc business account). other major problems include: not adding dates to individual entries for labour costs or time. invoice template can't be added to or edited so you can't add add your payment details to inform clients how to even pay the invoice you're sending!? a few other issues which is really annoying- could be a good app but there's a lot to resolve before i would recommend
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
a changing life app. i’m new to the u.s and this app helps a lot to get organized. just love it.
works well. it crashes and freezes every now and then which is annoying but it usually works very well. it's a very helpful app for my business
great app. this has transformed my business. it is so easy to use that i now do my accounting on my cell phone.
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
there photo above shows signature capture, it does not have it. no signature capture update: 7-27-17 there is no signature capture on invoices even though they tell you there is there is not. it only applies through tak ing payment by credit card transaction through quickbooks. something that is so basic to business the leading book keeping company can not provide. walk into customers store drop product they sign the invoice received! thats it! nope not quickbooks so pass them up. plus thats not counting time hours and hours of lousy customer service and back and forth till they finally fessed up to it. don't waste your time.
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
crashing at start up with ios 13. love this app but it crashes with ios 13 :( please fix
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies - ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
response to the quickbooks online account app. i love quickbooks accountant online program; but i noticed that there are limits to the quickbooks accountant online app capabilities compared to what the downloadable online quickbooks accountant software program could do. otherwise, really happy with online quickbooks accountant program!!
great app. i’ve been using this app for about a week now so far it’s been great.
works but limited reporting data. running a business as a ceo is about reporting data to make decisions with, and be in the know all the time. this only has two reports you can pull and neither have the data i need to run my business on the go. please allow custom reports to be pulled or add more reporting options because this is weak. i never do accounting on this app, i would use it all the time to have data at hand. the browser experience is phenomenal.
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
good but needs improvements. great app for small businesses, but should have a feature to customize invoice with a job location on the header not in a small custom field box, also would like to see a disclaimer format to add with invoice
stops unexpectedly. i can never really depend on this app because it shuts down unexpectedly. i can't really get anything done on the mobile app.
"there photo above shows signature capture, it does not have it. no signature capture update : response to developer 8-5-17 puzzled ? as am i 🙄 i called in 4 times about this ability to capture signatures first time i called the customer service person tells me, no we dont have that no you cant. then i asked why is it your help center data base clearly stating plain as day instructions on how to. 1. create new invoice 2. enter all needed information 3. click on the capture signature. also not to mention the fact the screen shot here in apple app store for quickbooks clearly shows a signature being captured. so after lots of back and forth tells me this is a new and quickbooks company doesn't tell them (customer service) what quickbooks os doing. what!? got off the phone didn't want to waste anymore of my time. round 2 call customer service tells me that its not capable of capture signatures, then after guided her to your help center where it clearly states how to puts me on hold then comes back and says that its new and there and there implementing it in in phases !? and my account number is part of phase 3 and would add the capture signature button in 3 weeks. ugh ok i guess i can understand that. round 3 called in again she also tells me no its not possible explained my last call with customer service and stated i was checking on the the update phase. after explaining the last call i had to this customer service rep. she was more bewildered than prob you are right now reading and she to was left puzzled as was i. then proceeded to put me on hold to research. comes back tells me yes you can but only if you have a merchant services account through you. hmm thats odd i thought. she tells me that the signature capture is for payment credit card. so i proceeded to explaining a plain signature capture by a customer on an invoice. she proceeded to tell me no unless you have a merchant account. ok fine over, but before i got off i guided her to the help area in quickbooks if you search how to capture signature. it clearly says so and what she told me didn't match with what was posted on the help area. which is capture signature---available on invoices and estimates. now if your estimate is being signed i didn't know you had to have a merchant account and i didn't know thats industries standard to run a credit card transaction off of an estimate. in the end puzzled as you are and pretty much moving on to another service unless you can find someone that knows what exactly is going on over there at quickbooks. that i will end up speaking too someone that knows what there doing and what there talking about, i will not call and waste more of my time . and by the way your web browser version of quickbooks online on a mobile device does not load correctly the right side is cut off making the invoices or anything you do on there useless im on an ipad 12"" pro. doesn't matter what browser you use same prob, try using the app instead but cant as it lacks all the features the browser version does. so any way you cut it. no signature capture something so simple to do. please let me know what you think of all that, im trying to be helpful here as i expect better from quickbooks your industry see your help instructions below capture signatures using quickbooks online for mobile open a new or existing estimate or invoice. add any transaction info, as usual. select get signature. let your customer sign with their finger. they can always clear it and sign again. select done (android) or save (iphone/ipad). you'll see the signature on the estimate or invoice. it's that easy! update: 7-27-17 there is no signature capture on invoices even though they tell you there is there is not. it only applies through tak ing payment by credit card transaction through quickbooks. something that is so basic to business the leading book keeping company can not provide. walk into customers store drop product they sign the invoice received! thats it! nope not quickbooks so pass them up. plus thats not counting time hours and hours of lousy customer service and back and forth till they finally fessed up to it. don't waste your time."
great tool for the field!. we use this on iphone (as old as 3gs) and ipad (2nd gen), haven't installed the most recent update, but so far haven't encountered the bugs some are reporting. it is a very useful tool in the field for many purposes although it isn't the complete desktop experience. if you need to create estimates, invoices, input new clients or update data it's excellent. create an invoice and email it on site of the job or sale. you can review expenses, but it's not really for paying bills or managing bank accounts at this point. what it does, it does well and functionality is steadily improving. definitely worth having if you are qb online user. fyi: it's strictly aimed at those who do their bookkeeping online; it isn't meant to interface with desktop only versions of qb.
not even good for a beta from a garage based business. like others, it's surprising that intuit released this to the app store with very little functional difference. without a chart of accounts, product/service list, sales receipts (my primary need to use this as an overflow checkout option for clients paying for services on the spot) and some limited reports - this app is useless! i thought the other reviewers were being harsh, but i think they were being nice! this app single-handedly makes my ipad a paperweight.
hopeless. ever since my accountant asked to use it, the app is never able to retrieve any data- keeps giving a message to say ‘unable to retrieve data’. what’s the point of the app if i can’t see the dashboard and data when i need to?
works well. app is adequate. performs most functions that i need on the quick. would like more report options. biggest complaint is the need to continuously enter account and password. i have enabled touch id. only about 25% does the app actually use touch id. rest forced to enter password.
god send!!!!. 24\7 mobile locksmith. my customers now get their invoices 10 seconds after i do the job instead of 7 to 10 days later. expenses are no problem. i connect my banking account and swipe right to add an expense. the best app for a small business owner bar none. also, not knowing how to use the app i have had to call customer service twice. i don't know why these people say that they are waiting for an hour, i've never waited more than 2 minutes for a representative to pick up. both times they solved my problem within a matter of 2 to 3 minutes.
life saver. apart from the fact i have to input my password every time, this app is a great compliment to the version i use on my laptop. so easy to use, can invoice on the spot. very happy.
great stuff.. i like this app. (my extensive review).
great app. quickbooks have a fantastic app with full functionality of the browser version.
keeps my office in my pocket. i have been using quickbooks for almost 8 years and quickbooks online for the last several. having the option to invoice customers right from my phone helps a lot since sometimes customers will ask for additional services while i am at their house. if i would have used a preprinted invoice, i would need to edit it in the field. on the other hand, if i did hand written invoices i would have a mess of other paper work to do to keep track of all my income and expenses later in the year.
ipad trouble. i’ve been using the self employed app for almost two years. i had some issues with crossover between a new mac and my iphone. though a painful process, tech support eventually fixed it. now after downloading the app on ipad, the app won’t work on the ipad. says mobile access isn’t available. well what have i been doing on my phone for two years then?
can’t record invoice payments. i upgraded my phone from an iphone 8 plus to an xr running ios 13. i installed the quickbooks app from the apple store. when i try to record invoice payments, i get the following error: qbm.error.00001160.reason.iphone i have not found any articles about this error online.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app.
app login. i can not login to app using my online login details. have reset again and again and nothing works. very frustrating
love this app!. fantastic app.
always on the go!. right off the bat, an excellent application. i read 90% of the reviews especially those that are lower than three stars, because i wanted to know what i was looking for in the negative aspects of the application. only a few things i would complain about the mobile app is that there is no way to reconcile bank/cc accounts. i understand they're in the works but in my mind that would've been one of the top function of this application since it deals with finances and bank accounts. it took too long to figure out how to work some of the functions versus the quickbooks online for the regular pc usage. and then finally, i would like to see some of the other quit applications integrate with quickbooks online such as quickbooks self-employed. other than those minor complaints, the application is a great app for someone like me it's always on the go and forget to include invoices, expenses, and payments.
perfect. this is a great app and works perfect for my business
good but needs more. i wish i can record bills in the expences area, and on the banking it will be nice to be able to do transfers, and deposits. other than that this app is been working ok for me.
quickbooks online app a+. app is very easy to use, even people without lots of knowledge in bookkeeping can manage their small business with quickbooks online through the app.
easy. i have found this app very easy to use. being able to tap into your invoicing system when out on a job. it enables me to issue an invoice same moment the job is finished and emailed to my customer stood in front of me, that way my customer has a paperless invoice and can pay you right away. saves time!
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
like. nice app , liked
fairly useless. this app is difficult to navigate. it doesn't come close to mimicking qbo for pcs. the functionality is very limited. it's ok for looking up some things but difficult to update info such as logging checks or deposits.
copy & paste. we are unable to paste anything in quickbooks app if we copy anything from another app
good app. no complains
intuit is too big to care about quality.. hi intuit, you are a multi million dollar company. why is it that importing a contact from my ipad customer list into an invoice cannot pull the address with it? this is just one of many clunky problems that companies with much less resource would identify and solve. you think you are so large and we need you so much that putting out an app like this will go up noticed. i have been using qb online since it began. your first ipad app was laughable and this one just makes me angry i have held onto my subscrition for so long. now that there are competitors it's going to take more than lowering your rate to $19/mo to keep this customer. it's insulting.
good but needs more functionality. this app works good, but needs more features added. for example, i have to go to a browser and log in there in order to add a deposit manually. i know functionality is being added continuously. so i a hopeful that my review can be a 5 star review in the near future.
worth the buy!!!!. quickbooks mobile has made estimates and invoicing so much easier! definitely with the buy for any small business!
perfect for running small businesses, but...... everything you need to run a small business...but $35 is way to expensive, shouldn't cost more than $25! i’m very happy with the software and with a few dedicated hours i learned how to use it inside and out.
ipad mini. app works great
great mobile app. mobile app has more functionality than online version. having the ability to take a note on a customer and add a photo. i only wish those notes were visible to the online version. currently they are not.
laborious expenses assignments. uploading pictures of billable expenses requires two lengthy entries...first at point of upload info is requested... but for accounting purposes only. second step is required to access list of expenses online and then manually retype all info listed under accounts into item chart...date, item, splits, quantity, rate, amount, check billable and then re-enter client to be billed. why this can’t be entered once at point of upload is rediculously annoying. my manual invoicing system took less time than this program takes!
weak weak app. this app is very basic. can't even view multiple accounts without logging out and logging back in. terrible
convenient. qbo is very convenient for checking biz summary on the go. especially if you are traveling and client asking for some info. invoicing is pretty easy too.
perfect. i can't speak for large business but for a small business like mine this app is almost perfect. the only thing i need added is a milage manager for vehicle use. i love it, my tax guy loves it, what else could you ask for.
great app but changes requested. great app that really allows me to manage my business with ease. changes requested within quickbooks intuit -contacts can not be deleted -when creating estimates/invoices, i’d like to be able to re-arrange line items once they’ve been entered into the document. -i wish mileages and receipt tracking could be used within this app because then i’d just attach all expenses to each job. -i’ve had trouble recently customizing the templates. when i make changes and try to save, my changes do not stay. -occasionally the entire app will freeze and i’ll lose all in-progress information.
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
mobile app. not happy. i am on the phone with support everyday. won't print on app or on chrome. they don't know what to do. this mobile is worthless to me. i don't have time for this!
lame first attempt - try again please. this app leaves so much to be desired. i would expect maybe 50-80% of the functionality of the online version of quickbooks. but, this only provides a few very basic things. and, things that are already handled by the iphone version of the app. it seems like whoever is designing these apps doesn't actually use quickbooks and doesn't understand what is really needed. using quickbooks for ipad, i should be able to: run reports (as i do online), create invoices from employee time, enter time, match downloaded transactions. this app just doesn't make sense. who cares about a list of activities, i want to see my information organized the way it is online.
quickbooks app. i like the app except i can’t seem to add accounts to the chart of accounts.
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
very intuitive. incredible app. i find it easier to use than the desk top version.
crashes with ios 13. just a heads up. when you try to take a picture of a receipt to upload to the account, the app freezes up and you can’t continue on. restarting the app doesn’t work either.
great tool for those on the go!. while there is a lot of functionality missing that would make this app even more convenient, what it does offer is a tremendous help while on the go. from creating invoices to recording expenses to seeing your p&l and balance sheet, this app is a great tool and extremely easy to use!
doesn’t load (for me). app doesn’t load. tap on the icon and nothing happens. i hope no one else has this problem.
fix it!!!!!!!!. when it works i like it, but when it flips out it is so frustrating. every time they update it it takes another couple updates to fix it. leave well enough alone!
mobile office. app works wonderfully makes life easy on the go for mobile office. keep up the good work!!!
easy to follow. app is easy to follow even if you are not an accountant.
missing key functionality. whoever designed this app clearly isn’t a user or a business owner. it is mostly useless. i need to be able to view invoices and sort them by invoice number and the app doesn’t allow it. i also just tried to process a payment for a customer with a credit card on file and the app didn’t give the option to do that. so i have to wait until i get back to the office later today to do that. creating an invoice is so clunky, it’s ridiculous. logging in through safari on my ipad pro is even less useful. the website doesn’t allow me to scroll up or down or slide the invoice view left or right so that i can see all the fields. so essentially, i can only see the first four invoices and that’s it. quickbooks needs to get their s***t together.
excellent application. i like it, amazing app 👍🏼
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
accounting professionals client list incomplete. when logged into the account thru the app, i am unable to view all clients quickbooks accounts.
excellent product. great for sending estimates and invoices on the go. everything i need to see right at my fingertips and very user friendly.
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
not all data available on all platforms.. the product is pretty good but there’s an issue with the latest iphone version. one is able to enter expenses as either expenses or bills. on the iphone, you cannot see any of the bills - this means for some of my suppliers, on the iphone it shows i have zero purchases. on the online version, everything displays correctly. show us that you’re serious about your product by ensuring better quality control - how could such a glaring omission pass through qa?!?
not working. i've been a customer of quickbooks online pretty much since it came out. the opportunity to use my mobile phone to access quickbooks while i was out and about seemed fantastic. when it's working it's fab. but recently ( the last 4 weeks at least) the app has failed to download my data and won't refresh. saying unexpected error. so i am unable yet again (this has happened before) to access my data. the last time it happened it lasted a few months then suddenly it started working again. i had contacted intuit regarding this and actually the techie from quickbooks online that i spoke to gave up and suggested i contact intuit direct. this is very disappointing as i spend £30 / month to enable me to access my data where ever i am. and it's not letting me do that.
helpful. while not a fully functioning mobile version of qbo, this app is great for checking up on things.
keeps crashing. app doesn’t work . no updates in months
not useable in multi-user environment. yup, yet again another update, and still not useable in multi-user. how many years will this take to fix a bug since day 1? another update and i stand behind my previous review(s). seriously? another update, and still not multi-user friendly. but, oh boy, something works with apple watch. when will intuit fix the multi-user issues? someone else mentions they fix bugs. i can say the exact opposite - they leave bugs for years! i want to use and like this app. i've looked at every update since the very 1st version. it does seem to be slowly improving, but is still not useable. my business has more than 1 user account. locations and classes do not work in their accounts. not in any sales forms. not in expenses. when my other users go to customers, they see total sales for the last 90 days. they do not need to, nor should they see this. if i cant't have my employees use this app, it is useless!
nothing syncs. i manage 7 companies with qb online. i recommend qb online to anyone managing a company's finances. this app, however is not good. if you have jobs or sub customers or sub items, they don't sync. invoices paid show as overdue if that customer is a sub customer or is an inactive or deleted customer. void an invoice online, not so fast. it's still there in the app. i tested this app briefly and bought an ipad to be able to manage companies with a quick app interface, not so smart. bottom line, the app needs updates. beware, the data it portrays is not accurate. your customers are not past due so don't call them, they already paid! the app is worthless unless you want to manage a company in its simplest form only using this app. i think an artist at an art fair, a lawn mowing company, a small simple company could use this app and an ipad and be completely mobile.
easy to use. love this app, easy to use.
excellent accounting software. subscribed to plus version. good value compared to others with same or less functionality. love how it is always updating adding new features. if you like this app keep posting your suggestion and eventually the tech people will make it happen. what could be better? be able to send purchase order to supplier via the app and able to customise the po form both online and on app. i have been saying this all the time. when is it going to happen guys!! 😊
i love it!. for the most part it's works great! deff worth the money! update 8/24/16 got a new phone with updates. now every time i open app i have to login with full password, thumbprint and 4 digit password don't work. (they are turned on and work for a couple hours after main login with full password but than turn off again...) very aggravating..
convenient. great app now i can do the books from anywhere.
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
rubbish. absolutely rubbish since the last update . keeps crashing on iphone xr. screen message = app needs to close due to critical updates. happens 20-30 x times a day when trying to set up an invoice /estimate etc. test your updates before release you them, you idiots!
minor flaws happy with product. when adding a note to a customer file ie invoice or estimate the app seems to struggle to keep up... typing is really slow and sluggish ipad retina third-generation
simple things just don’t work in this app.. now i can’t copy my password from my password safe into the quickbooks login. this means i will have to use a simple easy to use and less secure password. also, there is no way to enter check numbers into the bank transactions. this works fine on a mac and on-line but not in the ipad app. these simple problems make the ipad app almost useless.
quickbooks online app. although i do like quickbooks online, the mobile app version is horrible. i downloaded and logged in and it did give me my balance sheet, but said i had no expenses, i could not find a way to put in a journal entry and other reports showed zeros as well. i deleted it from my ipad and will just use the non-app version ( which you need google chrome vs safari to work properly- not a big deal but a bit odd).
not bad. pretty nice app. went from desktop manufacturing to quickbooks online. i like having access to my books while at craft fairs and being able to use different devices. still needs some work -- it's been weeks and my gopayment account is still not linked and now find out the online doesn't accept/recognize the chip reader. square app is more robust and may use that instead. also would be helpful to have a mileage tracker.
limited. not much functionality compared with the desktop app, frustrating. unable to access banking or create bills.
app. using this app is like being your own accountant. it helps keep track of your income and expenses. i highly recommend to all self employed people.
predatory data collection. the app wouldn’t allow me to accept payment without my giving it geo location. why do you need it, other than to use it in ways completely unrelated to my bookkeeping? the app was already near useless. good bye qb app!
doesn’t work. app won’t open and website is unresponsive. not very impressed with the program.
changed the way we do business. i love this app. we needed something that we could easily use in the field. we can create estimates, invoices, receive payments and even attach check images to those payments. our productivity has skyrocketed. quickbooks has figured out the mobile accounting software. customers for life.
the worst customer service ever. don’t waist your time. trust my word. update. i’m paying for 3 of the same app now and still can’t get any help.
great app...! (sabre rx). great app, really works well now that the new syc app with square has been released.
negative stars - if possible. i find it amazing intuit promotes such an obvious clunker. why don't they just buy square and tie that in - or at least imitate it. intuit is lost when it comes to transactional businesses. at any rate - as almost all users point out here - this app is useless and should be an embarrassment to intuits development team.
great for start up. the app works great! i can do nearly all of my bookkeeping from my phone. if i need more detailed i just use my laptop! the monthly subscription is nice too!
great app. good app. better if it had tracking of vehicle km like the self employed version
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
great app. this app has been a big help. flawless!!!!
sales receipts please. can you add the option to add sales receipts please? great app, thank you.
suits me. people accustomed to the full desktop version seem to have a hard time adapting. but for me, a first time small-business owner, it's great. i can create a receipt after an appointment on my phone or ipad, then go home later & receive a payment for the same invoice on my laptop or desktop. sync to my bank...no problem. and customer service is usually pretty good. my comptroller likes being able to look at what i'm doing while we are on the phone. i'm a fan. it works for me
excellent. excellent app
mrs. app will not open after update
great app. one of the best app on my ipad. great for auto repair invoicing. +++++
ontiretse marumo. amazing app!
great app!. only complaint is i wish i could create a invoice and with the total job and then invoice for a smaller amount keeping the job total on the same invoice if that makes sense. no other complaints. overall i would recommend to anyone!
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
love qb. hi, my name is alexander, i would like to let you know that i love qb, it's easy to use, i can access information anytime, anywhere, and on any device.i have an iphone, ipad and mac,what i like most is being able to work with qb on the road with my iphone. i'm en exterminator and handyman and i invoice on the spot and keep track of my expenses on realtime, no more worries of forgetting to come home and register my expenses of the day and looking for reciepts. i also love the feature of emailing invoices to clients, no need to buy or make reciept books for clients. an addition that i would like very much is a calendar with reminders like in invoicing so i can make and keep up with appointments. the way i do it now is i use the calendar on my iphone to check on appointments or to make a new one, the thing is after making an invoice or entering a payment i forget to make a new appointment and my appointments get mixed up with my personel agenda. a cool feature would be after i save an invoice the app asks me if i want to make an appointment. it would be a great update. i hope my request gets considerd and approved, if not, will love qb anyway
good online bookkeeping application. i am an international tax accountant but i use qb online for my personal expenses as well as for a small swimsuit company that belongs to my fiancé. the linking system with qb and bank/credit card accounts is quite impressive. app could be confusing to some who do not have previous experience but it is somewhat simple to learn. the only thing i would like to be able to do on qb online is enter transactions into an account as i would be able to in qb desktop version. entering expenses (not using the bank account linking) can be very tedious using qb online.
great until update. all good until the update. now inputting new customers or suppliers is very slow (that's probably an understatement). hopefully going to rectify this as i'm still paying every month.
statements. can't send statements or use bundles in the app. email customer services about it and they send you a email about doing it on your desk top. been asking for 6 months to have it added to the app. just get the same response while they add useless gimmicks to the app.
app can’t find our data. we are days into this app not being able to access our data: accounting, banking, billing. access is only available through certain browsers on a laptop/desktop. the support team is friendly and wished me luck.
poor functionality. for a mobile accounting app this is next to useless for me. surely the whole point of a mobile app is to not have to be tied to a computer. you can't even enter bills on the app which i would have thought would be one of the things that most users would want to do in quickbooks on a daily basis - at least i do. there's also no way to run vat reports so again i would be tied to my computer. not yet good enough.
great app. works great for managing customers and invoices for our company!
qbks app -> less than half a loaf. having used qbks for 24 years in one guise or another, i have long since grudgingly accepted their inadequate technology chops. be that as it may, i must let them (and you, dear reader) know that the ipad version is a huge frustration. in most regards the 12” ipad pro that i use is the best. most advanced technology i’ve ever been pleased to use. however, tech laggards like intuit make it a trial. anybody know how to cut a check from the ipad version? please tell me! yeah. i didn’t think so. ok, how about putting in a bill? no? these are bookkeeping items, guys! i understand they have as much to do with accounting as data entry has to do with data analysis. yeah, these tasks are peripheral but essential. seemingly impossible with qkbks for ipad. how in the name of all that’s holy can anyone claim that this pos (no, not point of sale) allow small business management?!? jeezum, intuit!!! splash out some of that monopoly money for some up-to-speed programming talent! and this time do it in the us of a, where there’s a fair chance the tech staff will understand what you tell them to do. please and thank you. by all means, give me a reason to update this review with a higher number!!!
statements. wish i could send statements from the app. i do love the convenience of the app!
awesome app. helps with all business expenses and just great interface
best app to fallow my customers!. qb online + qb app is the best!
best quickbooks i have used.. this app does everything for your business it's quick it's easy and fast so i recommend this to anybody
easy to use. great app to use
couldn't run my small biz without qb. have used for 4 years. always learning new things. have a great customer service / support. very user friendly for us biz owners who don't have a background in billing / payroll.
1 step forward - 2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to re-download all the info. hurry up and wait
great. this app helps my small business tremendously. very easy to navigate, enter and retrieve data. very affordable.
"expense management isn't there yet. the app is so close, but 2 stars because this is a major hassle. expenses that you input and assign to a customer are not marked as billable and there's no way to make them as billable. they're always input as nonbillable. for me, all of the expenses i assign to customers should be billable, so i have to manually go through them at the end of the month in the desktop version to fix this (which means i sometimes miss them). just having a ""billable"" field on the mobile that carries over to the desktop would solve all of this. alternatively, adding the billable field to the main expense view on the desktop, or a report that showed billable vs nonbillable expenses would also fix this."
helpful app 😊. so far very satisfied with this app. able to record expenses and deposits on the go and quickly. less time spent doing tedious book work. two thumbs up! 👍🏻👍🏻
robust and easy to use. i'm really enjoying this app so far! i can't wait to dig into it further.
keep having to un-in/re-install. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
great app. i've been using qbo for about 6 months and i love it. i own a real estate firm (small scale, 5 agents and below) and quickbooks has saved me a lot of time and helped organize my business.
qbo app. luv the new dashboard!! excellent app. no complaints.
"works great for my business needs. i can send estimates quickly and they look professional. one feature i really enjoy is knowing my customer has viewed the estimate! occasionally the ""+"" arrow doesn't seem to respond on the app... otherwise i'm very pleased. dc"
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
app. grate app worth purchasing i'd recommend this to anyone
receipt capture used to be great - now useless. the receipt capture used to be one of the most beneficial things about the qb mobile app, but with an update a while ago, it doesn’t work at all anymore. takes 3 times as long because you have to manually crop the images where as it used to pick up and recognize the receipt against the contrasting surface it was on and automatically and effectively crop it to just capture the receipt itself. i really wish they’d fix this feature so it worked well again!!
missing tons of company data. i have no idea how this app has such a high review. i’ve been using qb online for years and installed the app to work remotely. a huge portion of my transactions and customer files are not accessible from the app. they either won’t load or simply do not exist on the app. upon contacting customer support i was told, “sorry but the app is a bit glitchy and we don’t foresee a fix anytime soon.” qb online advertises itself as a remote solution for bookkeeping, but it is impossible to run a business without being able to access all company files.
great mobile app. this app is perfect for my business. i'm out of the office majority of the day so being able to send or create estimates and invoices is very nice. quick and easy
a very useful and user friendly app. i started a business this year, i deal with realtors and property owners whom aren't living near me. i say this because i got on this app because i had to have a way to keep records easily and still do my work. and i have been grateful for this app since!! i have to say for me i like that i don't have to remind myself of bills not paid , and then it keeps records of materials bought and all business expenses with a few simple steps of connecting your bank and this app. they constantly update and add choices without making it ominous. so thank you quickbooks!!!! here's to another great year!!!
landscaping on the run. always busy. not a lot of time set aside for paperwork. i'm loving the convenience of this app
app not working - version 4.3.3. app not able to connect. consistently showing ‘temporary unavailable'
horrible. please update this app so it stops crashing during every use!!! also, critical updates every time you try and do anything???? getting old and frustrating. fix it!!!!! also, why when you update a transaction, it saves it from before the update, so you are doing the work twice???
great app. only thing missing is the ability to track billable time with clients
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
very user easy. this app is great. very user friendly!
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
packing slip. please add option to print packing slip from the app
sync problems. downloaded the app after a recommendation from my accountant. all good to start with. i also use quick books online and the two were syncing without a problem. there seemed to be an update recently and now everything i've added online just won't sync with the app on my ipad. it's fine on my iphone but the ipad app is just stuck in the past. there's obviously more you can do online but the app is handy if you're out on jobs. don't use the app on my ipad now, waste of time
absolutely fantastic!. this app is incredible. having been using for 6 months, and it has revolutionised the way we are able to do business. so easy to setup, use and understand. i highly recommend to anyone that needs an easy order/invoice/sales system for their business.
hate it. accounting manually with a ledger would be quicker than this program. i officially hate this program and will be changing to another accounting software in july. i have been using quickbooks since 2000 and used to love its simplicity but it has become time consuming and harder to use. make a mistake...can't fix it. if you are away you can't access all the features using the app - you have to find a computer and log on. app is garbage and pay run screen won't scroll so you can't edit anything like hours worked, for example. reckon looks like a really good alternative. maybe quickbooks should have consulted keychain when they developed the app. if you thinking of quickbooks for your business...don't do it! every employee of quickbooks must have given this a 5 star review.
great stuff. for me, this app is perfect. as a freelance travel writer i can take a snap shot of my expenses and update my accounts on the road. the only problem i have is that you cannot access the app when you have no coverage so i cannot work offline.
great but.......... i want to not be bothered with pop ups asking me to rate the app. this is a tool to use for business. i don’t want ads and pop ups continually having to be closed in order to work
left hand doesn't know the right. when i switch from logging in online to the ipad or iphone, the app doesn't seem to be updated with the new information. case in point, my credit card was hacked so i had to update my account info on all my subscriptions that used that number. i received a notice form qb that my account was suspended. apparently it isn't possible to update the subscription info from the app, so i did it online. now when i open the app it still says my account is suspended. one of many glitches that exist between the app and the online experience. needs to be streamlined!
very disappointed. i was doing the free trial of the program and i was very excited of all the features it offers, it would save me a lot of time. however; when i try to insert a new customer on the app in my phone, it does not go to the quickbooks online that i access through my laptop. this was a huge turn off for me, that even made me reconsider if i want or not to purchase it. i can not trust to send estimates on my phone for over 100 customers and have to get back and hope it is on the system or have to insert all of it again. another thing that got me worried is if estimate and the receipt of a payment disappeared, imagine if it happens with an invoice. i can definitely loose money if the system has errors like this. if you guys ever solve the problem i ll be happy to be a customer because i need a system reliable and to make my life easier. also when they sent me an email asking how did the customer support did, the email was a non-reply email...i wonder, how are they getting my feed back if they do not even care to send me an email which we can communicate back and forth.
crashes and forced log outs.. so many glitches, slow and unresponsive. if you leave the app for even 30 seconds to find a number or email or something you need to add into an invoice, when you return to the app it will say there are vital updates and you need to log out and log back in, then 50% of the times this happens the app crashes right after you log in, forcing you to login all over again. then you will need to navigate all the way to where you were trying to edit and start from scratch because none of your progress is saved. this has happened to me a dozen times.
great...except. overall love this software and application, it is the core of our company. unfortunately, i have a experienced an issue when i email my clients after generating an invoice. i have consistently had issues with my clients not receiving the email, resulting in me having to cut and paste the invoice to my personal email account and send it that way. i have attempted to call customer support, and have made all the necessary possible alterations to this situation to get to work, but nothing has worked. the tech i talk to you even acknowledged the system is very glitchy. i have also heard other business owners that i know share with me the exact same issue. so for me, definitely two steps forward, one step back with this software
good app if you want to manually import your bank transactions. i previously have qbself employed and everything was fine. bank accounts would sync up. so i decided to get qb online for check printing capabilities. i started qb online beginning of feb 2019 and immediately became aware that my bank was not on qb online list of banks, but it was in the list of qb self employed banks ... weird right...? so i contact cs and they said they will make a escalated ticket and this matter should be resolved with 3-5 business days. well it’s almost 30 days later and bank account are not synced and have not heard from anyone from qb online. so i just recently contacted them again in chat support and they tell me that i need to contact my bank to see if they made some kind of change that would not allow me to connect. so in all reality they were never working on my ticket because if they were it seems they would have notified me to let me know that is what needed to be done. ps also ordered a card reader about 2 months and still have not received anything!!
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multi-step process. should add force-touch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuit-ive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2018 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays old scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and viewing p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable- looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. to best serve your paying customers i recommend perfecting your products before releasing them to the public. it just makes intuit look incompetent. dashboard doesn’t display all information.
great app for business. love this app. great for my work as i'm mobile 90% of the time. certain features that i can't access on the app easily than on the desktop.
very good app. have a small transport business. this app is already (after only 3 weeks) showing me where i can save money. up until now we were guessing!!!! never a good way to operate a business and the data i'm seeing will certainly help me to make our next purchases required for the business. i would recommend to everyone who is in business or just to track your personal financial status. it only takes a few minutes each day at home or take it on the road with you. works great..
"alternately great and lousy.. after all this time, they still refuse to make tiny minor changes that would make this app infinitely better. i have conversed with them a number of times and gotten a number of promises and it just never happens. they have now added an additional layer of security that makes it very difficult to use this as a mobile app. it has cost me money twice. the story i get from support is that it was a decision made in the ""board room"" and their is no work around. every time you use this app from a new location you are required to enter a six digit code that is emailed to you. their system is s l o w generating emails. if you are wanting to use this app in the field it's difficult. i am looking for new software. marketing with postcards by date is still very difficult. it's a problem i was promised a fix for over 10 years ago. the app updates every time you open it, so your computer thinks it is a new program. the suddenly and without warning added a new level of security to the on-line and windows app versions that that requires an email verification. i had a task that should have taken 60 seconds and after 10 minutes trying to fix it myself and another 45 on the phone with tech support, i was invited to call back in the morning. i am looking for another program. recently they have taken to making unnecessary changes without warning."
app is great, but.... it is incredibly annoying that i have to sign in with my password every time i open the app now. before the update, i could use a pin or touch id, which don't seem to be working. i contacted customer service twice and have heard nothing back.
simple and effective. i’ve always found the quickbooks support team to be very helpful and quick to reply to any question or issue. the app doesn’t do everything that you can do from a desktop, however the basic functionality works well and is simple and intuitive to use. i’d rather have functions that work well consistently. some navigations could be improved on to reduce the number of clicks but this is minor compared to the benefits of being able to do the essentials on the go.
almost great but not quite there. very useful in collaboration with desktop or online version, but does have a few annoying quirks. i wish the most used item codes would be kept at the top of the list instead of alphabetically with the rest of default ones. and there really needs to be a way to access and review emails sent directly from the app
give us usable features!. give us time tracking! i've been requesting this for 3 years now but i have yelp connections! yay who cares! people who are working to make a living, need real functionality not stupid stuff like yelp. this makes no sense! i want to add my time after getting done working at a client but i can't. the point is to help your customers work and make money! but you release stupid features. the whole reason i went to online was to be able to access it anywhere and if i have my non 3g laptop, i can but i got an ipad with lte so i can put my time in but i can't do that! please give us usable features in the iphone and ipad apps! basically qb online is only good if you have a computer, not a tablet of any type. this app is good for entering in my received checks and that's about all. thanks for caring about your customers intuit.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
overall good product. not having access to the entire online tools on the app makes for complicated tasks at times. the online browser does not run fluently with a safari browser so if i need anything beyond basics i need to get to a pc.
love this app!. i love this app! having this has simplified how we run our business and makes it extremely easy to professionally deliver our product to our customers on the go!
best app for invoicing. hands down the best invoicing app i have found, it was recommended by another business owner and i am very pleased with the purchase.
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
works fine. major flaw. app is fine. isn’t changing your world if you have basic organizational skills and any knowledge of how to operate numbers or excel and at a high price. my biggest gripe, that i’ve told intuit about for three years now with no repair, you can not export a sheet of all your line items with attachments. meaning all of your receipts you scanned to make life easy can not be exported in bulk. i suppose you could go through and individually download each attachment. i’d like to have a backup if i elect to change providers or if i were to change career situation and no longer need quickbooks. would advise buying a scanner and using numbers or excel. yes it is a little more work but no never ending monthly payment.
poor customer support. in general the service is good unless you need help ,almost no response from customer service , payroll service is poor .no follow up ,nothing invoice on ipad doesn't accept the customer signature anymore on ios 9 ,no update to be found either no phone number ,end of year will be a good time to switch provider
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting and tracking of actual sales, mrr, and kpis
favorite app. my favorite app. i use it on a daily biases to send invoices right after i complete a job. makes my life so much less stressful.
awesome!. fantastic app. as a freelancer i am often away from my office. being able to create estimates and have my clients sign them on the spot has been great. and being able to send invoices from anywhere has absolutely changed my life! love it.
easy to use, plenty of features. pretty good value for an entire business accounting, sales and inventory app, cloud based as well so can be accessed from anywhere.
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
if you don't have time to troubleshoot, maybe find another program. after using the trial period, i bought and paid for a subscription...but, i'm unable to use the program because quickbooks thinks the trial is expired and i'm not subscribed. called quickbooks (fyi-they're closed sundays) and they say they can do nothing on their end... so in the mean time, days of paid use are going to waste, my business is in limbo, and the burden is on me to figure out how to get apple to tell quickbooks that i have subscribed. now i wonder if this program will regularly make my life miserable by constantly putting out fires because of their program instead of being an asset....
great app only downfall is.... i like the app the only downfall is if your an employee you can't track your hours on here like you can with the qb on a computer.. also you can't delete a payment if you see you already added it. if so idk how to do these things.
great, when it works. app is great, seamless when it works. problem is, it's only about 75% of the time. lots of errors on the mobile and desktop versions. any complaints go unaddressed. if you can run your business on 75% proficiency with no accountability from quickbooks tech support, then this app is for you!!
poor service. difficult to set up invoice template and negotiate site, customer service poor, and when you try to write a review and send it off if the nickname is taken you have to write it all out again. as usual well advertised on tv but fails to deliver.
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
3 stars. doesn't do everything i would like it to do but overall pleased with this app.
absolutely inconsistent. probably the worst app i had on my phone. i have deleted it. it gives incorrect, inconsistent notifications. it’s completely useless to access certain parts of qbo. how incredibly unfortunate that intuit can’t build an app that can compare with the advances made in qbo.
good for invoices. the mobile app doesn’t have all options from the desktop app. and it’s something that makes sense... i mostly use the mobile app to check on invoices status. also the alerts ... it sent notification when an invoice is paid, and some basic information as well.
great app. it's quick and easy to learn. prefect for me.
left hand doesn't know the right. when i switch from logging in online to the ipad or iphone, the app doesn't seem to be updated with the new information. case in point, my credit card was hacked so i had to update my account info on all my subscriptions that used that number. i received a notice form qb that my account was suspended. apparently it isn't possible to update the subscription info from the app, so i did it online. now when i open the app it still says my account is suspended. one of many glitches that exist between the app and the online experience. needs to be streamlined! every other app just re-ran the billing info and automatically updated to the cc replacement number. all qb is able to do is create frustration and berate the customer by suspending his account. also requires too many clicks to achieve objectives. frequently crashes when trying to import a customer.
please add photo ability. please add the ability to upload photos to products and services! you have no idea how much that would simplify my life for me. please! other than that big issue (for me) i'm pretty happy with the way the app works - does all i need it to, except above mentioned issue.
simple and efficient. this makes invoicing on the go so simple. i love that it syncs with my computer and i can take a photo of receipts and it adds them to my expenses. very convenient
great app. just started my own business and having quick books is a lifesaver. easily customized and user friendly. the app saves time since i can maintain my books on the go and my cpa sees the same thing instantly. great app for a service business
great support. we use the app almost exclusively to keep our business mobile. recently had an issue and contacted customer chat to get it resolved. they had me screen record it happening and said they would push to engineering for fix. honestly didn’t expect anything fast but they fixed the issue and included it in the new patch. it’s been about a week or less so a big thank you the support teams for getting it fixed and getting us back to normal.
office. excellent app
some critical shortfalls. there are many great parts to quickbooks online and the app, however some of the shortfalls are not worth it. - cannot invoice a % of an invoice, it's all or nothing - usd clients do not show up on the app - if an estimate is changed, there is no record of the change and the older versions are gone - does not allow for a templated terms and conditions on invoices or estimates, you have to copy paste into the memo section, which has very limited space
great - when it works.. app crashes often and has trouble down loading data
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
great app. works well
quick books on line and app. would be a great program, if it supported merchant services, and multiple customer pricing, i like the convenience of having it on my phone to bill customers. can't customize invoices either, so another issue. hope they make a few of these changes so i can switch from my desktop version.
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
terrible app. quickbooks is a terrible app on my iphone & my ipad. it's not even a good program on my computer. it's extremely limited & each update does nothing to improve it. if there was another accounting system i could use, i would.
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
"used to be great. i've been using quick books online edition since 2006. for my business, mobile access has been instrumental. i have been reasonably satisfied with it for years, right up until a few months ago. for ""security"" reasons they have implemented an email security check where you have to evaluate any new device or browser. on paper this seems like a great idea, unless you like to clear your browser cache, or are using a client's pc to log in, or you update your phone app, or you have multiple computers, etc. this new ""feature"" has made the software nearly unusable for my mobile business. it is bad enough that i have looked into their competitors, and am pleasantly surprised to see what is available. don't use this software unless you only have one computer, only use one browser, and never leave the house."
great app but still buggy. this is a great app and has lots of functionality which is awesome. i can see my day to day company accounting actually being easy using this however i can’t actually accept bank transactions to reconcile an expense for example. big shame as it’s a great thing to do when stuck somewhere with just my phone and the functionality is clearly there, it just doesn’t work for me for some reason. it works fine in my browser and support have been great in assuring me that it’s being looked at but it’s making me think twice about committing to quickbooks after my trial ends. fingers crossed for an app update soon to fix it.
great app. just started to use. easy to navigate. have had no issues.
amazing. all i can say is i used quick books desktop version older version, the online is amazing and the availability of this app and the notifications keeps me up to date on every aspect of my businesses
1 step forward - 2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to re-download all the info. hurry up and wait
update. please fix soon app opens and closes after update.
app crashes after each action. i use the desktop version most of the time but when i need to use it when away, it’s really frustrating that the app shuts after every action making doing anything painfully cumbersome.
really great :). really great software package. requires some dedicated learning for someone with no accounting / bookkeeping background - but functionality and power of the software are fantastic. very happy with quickbooks. thanks :)
perfect. great app and works terrifically. thanks.
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
love this app!! definitely recommend!!. i am a freelancer and have found this app very useful as a companion to my qb online! i dare say i might like to use the app more than the ol version (except that the app doesn't do all that the full version does online) but for about $12/month for qb online and the ability to use this app.. i love it!! the app is so user friendly and visually appealing.. easy to use! makes invoicing my clients and getting paid a breeze! i can even attach a photo copy of the work i did to their invoice. so helpful!
still no progress invoicing!. great app for running a business on the road. i wish it had progressive invoicing...
expenses not current 1-8-16. 1. somehow my current expenses are not listed under my checking account. the last entry is for 2012. please update. 2. it will be super to have the quickbooks payment iphone app also. 3. qb online plus is what i use mostly to have a current accounting report and i am hoping it is useful for my cpa when he checks my account.
improved. thank you for adding a “billable” option for expenses! this saves having to revisit transactions on the desktop app. to get four stars, this product would need to make selecting classes a little easier. perhaps allowing us to favorite certain classes so while traveling i wouldn’t need to enter the class for each transaction. also, please enter the cursor in the text entry field so i don’t need to place it there each type i select the vendor field (few transactions are with new vendors so defaulting to text entry makes more sense.) for 5 stars, consider adding basic ocr for receipt images.
touch id still doesn't work. they said they fixed touch id but if you do not use the app for a while it prompts you for a password every time still. app works pretty well otherwise for quick checking of accounts and expenses. actually putting expenses and/or invoices can be a little cumbersome. i'd rather use everything online.
pros and cons. it definitely takes some getting used to compared to the previous versions of quickbooks i've used. but with some changes to what i'm used to and working with the software and its workflow it works out. the payments thing makes sending and receiving invoices works really well. adding expenses by taking pictures of the receipts keeps my clutter box of receipts free. still needs some improvement but my overall experience hasn't been bad.
not pleased. for one i can't download the app after i accidentally deleted it. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
recurring payments.. i really wish i could set up recurring payments from the app and also delete invoices
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
ios app > than the web version. it is pleasantly surprising to see that the app is faster on the phone in comparison to the website! keep up the good work 👍🏼
needs to improve. i've used qb for years but this is the first time i've used the online version. best bit for me is the storage of receipts and invoices in the cloud and the ability to enter expenses on the app. as i'm away a lot that feature is excellent. the invoicing feature is good as well. the not so good bit..... why can't you enter bills via the app?? i get bills when i'm away in the same way i issue invoice and pay for expenses so why not bills. it means i have to remember them when i get home which sometimes doesn't happen. the app requires an internet connection to function so when not have an offline function so you can record expenses for instancewhich would then upload when a connection was available.
app doesn't connect on ios 9. ever since ios upgrade 9.3 and quickbooks mobile app doesn't sign in, always says check internet connection. it's a bug in the app and they know it, we contacted support to fix it and they said they are working on it and will have a solution by end of may. this problem has been on for more than 4 weeks with no solution. poor app with poor support. not recommended at all.
getting too flaky. i’ve been a subscriber for about 2 years now but am now randomly getting locked out of the app where it thinks i don’t have a subscription! i’ve reported the issue , it always gets resolved but then returns ! went to do my accounts and quotes this weekend and guess what .... i’m locked out ... again! is that acceptable for a business app ! definitely not.
owner. great app to take of of business anywhere i'm at!
this might be 5 stars. the only thing... only thing!!! using square through the app .. or somehow sync invoices so they reflect in qb. if there is a way to do that then this is 5 stars!!
most impressive business app i've used in a long time. i use qb online everyday and usually there is some functionality degradation from desktop to mobile. i have yet to find any crippling loss of functionality with this app. if you love the new qb online this app goes hand in hand with your on-the-go accounting needs. highly recommended.
great app!¡. im always on the go and this app is great when invoice/estimate has to be sent immediately or when there is no computer access¡¡ highly recommended for biz on the go!!
great app!. great app for small medium enterprises
super awesome tool. best app you can get so you have total control over your accounts
login' this app. makes my life so much easier. i can do everything on the go. saves time! love it!
needs purchase orders. work in the construction industry and the biggest nightmare is a po system. you can create them online but this app does not allow for po generation which is a huge draw back. if this could be added in it would be a 5 star but till that get added it's very limiting.
missing functionality. reliable app but authentication is too slow. also some features aren't available. i sometimes just use the web app through the browser to access those features.
works well but need enhancements. the app works well and easy to use. i will appreciate if it can be enhanced to accommodate advance payments and accruals
broken update. your update broke the app.
"good but not perfect.. a feature is missing that you get on the website for example, search- i can't search invoices in the app through ""memo"". why!!!!??? please fix or add a ""memo"" search option, please!!!"
time saver!. this app has decreased the amount of time i used to spend in the office by 75%! it's intuitive and the support is fantastic. a great investment for my small business. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden.
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
what did you do with the functionality?. there is nothing to work with here. qbo has gone from bad to worse. what happened to the 'almost desktop version' i saw in beta?
fix these two issues and i’ll be happy. overall i am pleased with the app. i have quickbooks online for my desktop and use the app when in the field taking and fulfilling orders. i have two issues with the app. first, there is no “credit memo” feature on the app. the desktop version has it. some of my customers require separate receipts for incoming and outgoing products. i have to login to the desktop version to print a credit memo. further more, if an employee did he would have access to company banking, personal info, etc. that’s not acceptable. secondly, screen becomes blurred fairly often for all three of us on each of our phones. all functions of the app are locked up when this happens. you must exit completely out of the app and then pull the app back up for it to work properly. fix these two items and you’ll get more stars.
great. great app does everything it says it will
what a life saver. i needed something to simplify the data input that comes with invoicing and dealing with the piles of receipts with the flexibility of not having to open up my laptop to do so every time. when i saw a promotion to try out quickbooks online with ability to have access on mobile devices i figured i'd give it a try. it's been a life saver. my account transferred seamlessly and quickly. it eliminated having to manually enter my credit card purchases and bank account transactions because you can link those accounts right to quickbooks and they update automatically. i can take pictures of receipts right from my phone or ipad and take care of them immediately as well as emailing invoices or recording payments received right from my phone or ipad. it's great having this ability on the go. so far i've discovered that i do have to log onto the website directly to get more detailed/specific reports, but it's possible i just haven't learned how to do it yet via the app. thanks for simplifying my life in this aspect anyway. hoping it makes tax season a little easier.
the app always logs me out!. the application is great don’t get me wrong. but it always logs me out every time i log in and it says “please log in to refresh. there are critical updates to the app.” but i am already logged in! it very annoying having to log back out and then back in every time i use the app which is everyday since i need to monitor my business on the go! please fix this asap! not satisfied with this at all!!!!
love qbo it's fantastic.. this app rocks. i can see they are adding more features.
questionable developers and qa. don’t bother with this app. more time updating this weekly with version changes and bug fixes... jokers
can’t create pos in app. wish i could create pos in the app. we use qb online with shopify. i can only create a po to send to my distributor from my desktop. i am often away from my desktop, in order to send a p.o. from my phone i have to log on to the regular online edition through safari. i cannot use the app as i need it to function.
what a life saver. i needed something to simplify the data input that comes with invoicing and dealing with the piles of receipts with the flexibility of not having to open up my laptop to do so every time. when i saw a promotion to try out quickbooks online with ability to have access on mobile devices i figured i'd give it a try. it's been a life saver. my account transferred seamlessly and quickly. it eliminated having to manually enter my credit card purchases and bank account transactions because you can link those accounts right to quickbooks and they update automatically. i can take pictures of receipts right from my phone or ipad and take care of them immediately as well as emailing invoices or recording payments received right from my phone or ipad. it's great having this ability on the go. so far i've discovered that i do have to log onto the website directly to get more detailed/specific reports, but it's possible i just haven't learned how to do it yet via the app. thanks for simplifying my life in this aspect anyway. hoping it makes tax season a little easier.
terrible app. you are unable to view and use the register, reconcile accounts and other simple everyday banking tasks. logging into your company through a mobile browser, such as the google chrome app for ipad, does give you access to some but not all tasks. isn't the purpose of online banking to be able to perform all banking from mobile devices?
vendor and po. need to add vendors and orders to the app
keeping my desktop version. update: 7/12/2017: app doesn't let you customize your invoice settings. the app is limited so you have to use the online version at times. once you subscription is over the app makes it hard to renew. ive tried it for 6 months and its been real difficult to run a business with limited features. i have used quickbooks since 2001. so i love quickbooks. save a lot of time on accounting side of the business. when i was making the move from a windows based laptop to apple (ipad) for my mobile business, i found this app to be very low on features. simple tasks like sorting a list, inventory, and reports were poor and lacking. the online monthly subscription is a joke. you have to opt for a more expensive subscription to gain features that still pale to the desktop version. long term, it's cheaper to buy the real program. plus all your personal financial and customers info won't be out in the web as much. the web version of this app does not inner exact well with a ios web browser. that being said, i bought a windows based tablet and install my desktop quickbooks. i have no monthly fee and i have all my info not floating around on the web.
so far so good.... the app does what i need it to do mostly. one of the coolest things is being able to photograph my biz receipts into the app, and throw away the original. i'm not crazy about the app in terms of creating invoices that do not match what my desktop version looks like. hopefully the fix for that comes soon. 4 stars from our end.
very handy. i use quickbooks online and the app on my iphone 6 plus and on my ipad. they work together seamlessly. i am an independent contractor and this fits my business perfectly. i don't deal with inventory, so i can't speak on that part. i invoice for labor mostly. i even created a new client and invoice the other day on my iphone while sitting in a traffic jam. works great. it keeps me informed of past due invoices so that i can follow up with my clients in a timely manner.
meh.... still can’t accept checks as payment in conjunction with payment services on mobile app. lots of glitches...
date range. how do i change the date range on the dashboard?
why???. for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
missing function. we need a mileage tracking function in this app, not only to self-employed version, to integrate all the expenses within quickbooks.
very easy to use and good app. very easy to use and good app
touch id doesn't work. touch id still doesn't work. i just downloaded the most recent upgrade and touch id still doesn't work. i'm still required to enter my password each time i open the app. please fix. otherwise, i really like this app.
complement to quickbooks online. this app is a complement to quickbooks online. this apple really work good for making estimates sending invoices and much more. i wish gopayment and quickbooks online were integrated or as one. other than that, great app.
syncs to everything!!. awesome app. i'm using quickbooks for my personal accounting. saves a ton of time. intuit's phone and online support is terrific as well. couldn't recommend this app highly enough.
helpful for service business. this app is gooding that it adds some features that the quickbooks companion for desktop app lacked. like receiving payments for invoices and doing some basic reports. the down side is that if you have more than one company you are required to pay for each company separately for qbo. qbo also has less tools than the desktop version. i have a service business and use this app i the field. very helpful for creating and sending estimates, invoices, and sales receipts on the spot.
great app unless you have employees you want to use it. the app works great if you're an administrator but if you have employees you've set up as users who you want to empower to add expenses directly into quickbooks (for example), which is a super basic feature that is 100% described as possible by intuit, you're out of luck. they are unable to see accounts when they go to attribute an expense to a particular account (or a class for the matter) and the app doesn't let them add an expense without attributing it to an account. and then, even though you wouldn't want employees to do this, if the employee tries to add a new account in the app in order to add the expense, whyte told they don't have permissions to do so. it's a bug for sure but a very big one that 100% cripples the app for those users. i can't believe this hasn't been addressed yet by a company and an app as big and established as quickbooks. please fix this asap!!!!
great app. it is what it is. it an app. it won't have all the features of a computer and you should not expect it to. does exactly what i need it to in the field.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
rubbish. absolutely rubbish since the last update . keeps crashing on iphone xr. screen message = app needs to close due to critical updates. happens 20-30 x times a day when trying to set up an invoice /estimate etc. test your updates before release you them, you idiots!
"fees on fees. while the app itself works and is fairly handy, i strongly advise against quickbooks as a company. i signed on as a business owner for $6.95 a month and was immediately slapped with over $100 in fees hidden in ""fine print"". worse is the utter inability to get any customer support from intuit. i canceled my subscription and despite already paying for the month, lost access immediately and lost all of my records. then i got billed again. stay away."
great app, easy to use. love being able to manage my business on the go. could use more features, but it's still a great app and quickbooks is always updating it. :)
good but frustrating.. no access to vendor information or purchase orders on an iphone or ipad. have complained about this for nearly 2 years. falling on deaf ears. they agree that it would make sense but there is no one that gives a *%!£ to do anything. 3/13/2017 have now a problem accessing qb online since yesterday. download company on either the iphone or ipad takes an hour or more and on certain devices never will. customer service doesn't have a clue what is happening. we have all gone multiple resets and all other aspects of the devices operate correctly. extremely upsetting on an extremely busy monday. 4/4/2017 we are still stuck with no access to our invoicing. we were told that a review was coming out today. customer service is usless!!! we are looking for an option to change to at this point. 7/27/2016. they have been making periodic changes that for the most part just cause us to get use to small changes that don't relate at all to the items we have been concerned about for over a year.
quickbooks online. the app can be frustrating at times to use, not enough flexibility. can't make up its mind wether to ask me to sign in or use finger print login. need option to control where deposits go.
qbo for ipad pro - only the basics. as the accountant for a chain of retail stores i need to have access when i am away to at least input bills and pay them - emailing a pdf to staff so they can print the check... i can't do that simple task on the ipad app - i have to login using a browser, and run into issues where qbo wants me to use the app that is lacking. the program is already most basic from the desktop - but to lose more mobility - about the only use this app gives me is for reporting purposes and only what is already in there. qbo appears to be the only integrated system out there for 1/3 of the cost of the better accounting softwares that have been available online for years longer. tech support is very nice and tries to be helpful but there is so much help you can be with a software that does have the necessary accounting with all their issues.
functions well again once in app, but touch id is broken. they seem to have fixed the functionality issues that arose last update within the app, but the touch id functionality that they said they fixed in the two latest updates still isn't working as it should. it only works when you switch apps, then go back to it. if you wait too long or close the app manually, it always requires that you re-log in with your password. this takes away the entire point of having touch id.
great app. coming from using xero for my accounting software, i can say this app and platform as a whole is far more superior. i would recommend to anyone to switch to quickbooks.
do not upgrade to latest software!!. i have used this app for almost a year and it has worked very well for my small business. likes: -stores client info - allows for cc payment - allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice. - alerts me of tardy invoices - provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months income/expenses dislikes: - credit card payments incur a hefty fee rather than a flat monthly charge. - my invoices have an intuit logo which is annoying. - customer service is hurting. wish they had a 1800 # or immediate online chat support like so many other software companies.
super app. very satisfy with demo. app looks and works super but expensive! :(
awesome app. i run a small business and i use quick books to manage my entire business! from estimates to invoices to getting paid its all so easy and fun to use! thanks guys
owner. its great doing my acct on the go, staying current. great mobile app adding more features all the the time!
absolutely terrible!!!!!. this app is garbage. funny that intuit is in their name because there is nothing intuitive about anything in this app at all. complete waste of time!!! complete garbage. just trying to set up the basic information about accounts that i use and tailor the app to my needs was excruciating. i can’t say enough about how bad this is!!!!!!
fits my needs. easy app, portable. thank you
pdf note on ipad. why can't we add a pdf note on ipad app. i can do it by accessing desktop version on ipad. but it's a pain doing it that way. it would be simpler to add that option to the app. come on guys keep up with the technology. quit lagging behind.
best app for start up company. hands down this app is the best for any size company, once its all set and customized to your company you & your employees will operate more efficiently. take your time to learn it don't be afraid to call customer service they are very friendly and helpful.
great software. this does everything i absolutely need it to do. i wouldn't use anything else it's easy to manage they have great customer service and i don't have any complaints about it keep up the great work thanks for making my job a lot easier.
valuable tool to have in the field. i installed the app, imported company files from my desktop and boom i was doing estimates and invoices in the field.
needs work. purchased the monthly subscription today and loved the ease of setup. but......quickly there after we realized it's not really all that mobile. you must use a desktop to enter inventory, and then you can't check inventory levels from a mobile device. as far as using it as a desktop only, that cannot be done either because you can only make invoices if you know all of your part numbers, there is no filtered look-up. bottom line great program that can't really be used entirely from a desktop or ipad/iphone.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
"qb for ipad is not as good as server versions. i have been a qb user all the way to enterprise servers and have now moved to their ""online"" platform in a subscription basis and have found their ipad vérsions, mac apps etc to be very lacking in functionality. the constant answer is we are improving all the time and those items are on our lists, well, if you knew how users used it with server based versions then why did you create such a lacking program using an app. pretty incredible to me. you will find there are lots of things you can not do on an ipad, such as enter and paying bills as a start, pretty basic in my mind so you can only image what is missing that is less basic. if i could i would change programs to something else but i need to spend the time to find the better option."
ótimo. só apresentar mais facilidades ao intel o app
love it!!!. i am a tile contractor and use this app everyday. i love the latest update where the customer can sign the estimate.
bad app! bad app!. i loved the app... then it fell apart. i cannot get it to show current status on anything! why is it so hard to keep a good app 'good' ??
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
"good app. quickbooks is just about perfect for my small business, one addition i would like is to be able to easily see a ""spend per customer"" button so i can easily add up the amount any repeat customer spend per year/month."
sneaky subscription fees and invoicing not adequate. i never write reviews but this has bugged me. so i’d heard of qb once before and have seen them advertised as being useful for business owners and the self employed. i decided yesterday to download and give it ago. you’re greeted with a 30 day free trial and then once proceeding and setting up your account you are immediately pressured into buying a “40% discounted” subscription of £5.99 or face paying £9.99 per month forever. so i agreed to it assuming it would be a useful tool and that naturally like any other subscription company the charging period would begin following the 30 day free trial giving you breathing space to cancel if it wasn’t fit for purpose. well this is not the case. as soon as you commit to the subscription it begins charging you and waived and free trial period! sneaky and underhand move there. also - when actually trying the software i tried to add an invoice to my account that i had sent a client recently. it wouldn’t let me add any additional lines onto the invoice which meant i could only add one cost and notes section completely missing the point of being able to break down various different costs on the one same invoice, such as expenses/sales etc. how stupid. on top of this the advertising didn’t make it clear there are two separate apps (business and self employed) so after downloading the quickbooks app and going through the above it turns out that one is just for business use not self emp. please amend the app title in the app store. i’ve got a refund from apple for the above but this shouldn’t have to happen. please leave your underhand tactics at the door and play it fair like any other subscription service.
review. not quite as intuitive as i expected but otherwise useful app
super app for accounting. super
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
save the password!!!!!. i use quickbooks only once a month, the great news is it gets updated multiple times in between my uses, the bad news is the updates erase my save password every. single. time. when i signed up for quickbooks online i let safari suggest my password as i do for most things so it's not possible to remember it (very cryptic) and i shouldn't have to. i will be cancelling my subscription to quickbooks if next month i have to re-enter my password after the next update. i basically only use it to print out invoices, i'm sure there are other invoice apps that have their stuff together (without a monthly subscription) if i need to switch.
crashes all the time. no matter what version this is, it always crashes on me. i never use this this app, although it would be fantastic if i could.
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting-> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
does it work?. great app. keeps me well ordered and never lets me down
brilliant and far reaching app. started using this app following another app which was not giving me the usability that i needed. this app is amazing in its flexibility and ease of use. get it and you won’t regret it.
the most powerful option for business finances area. i love this app because i have access in my mac and then i can move to my bed with my tablet and continue working on my accounting so easy. the only thing that probably i would add is the access to the items, lists and charts through the reports, as is in the online and the desktop mac app.
the best accounting app i've used. quickbooks intergrates seamlessly with your store all you have to do is keep track of your expensenses!
convenient accounting app. super usefull app, get you at the top of your finances, recommended!!!
reinstall to fix bad update. i've had all the problems everyone else had with the new update. i believe the simple fix was to delete the app, and reinstall it. once i did that it's been working like it used to.
"a bit buggy. i am running this software for a small service business and rely on it heavily. for the most part it works well... for the most part. the only real issues i have had with it is when it sees ""suspicious activity"". this causes a lock out situation. i've spoken w app support a few times but there is no remedy except delete the app and reload it. well- that's not very convenient. i am currently on my 12th reload (yes, i have kept track) and it is working fine for today. no known timeframe for the issue to be fixed. it is most 100% of the time if you log out of the app and log in online. forget it. a bit disappointed but i am, at this point, married to it."
excellent for doing my accounts. this company is excellent i have a taxi company i can do my accounts online and why am waiting for customers if i have any problems they always solve them very quickly i would highly recommend
it's broke :-(. wonderful app, latest update has caused many issues, including signing in with fingerprint or app code. have to do a full sign in each time with email and loooooong password. hope they can fix soon! 😩😖😤
qb app is useless. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either.
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone, and i can process things quickly and easily without having the panic of having to beside the computer 24/7. great
so frustrating. yes, the app is helpful and you can track your money, invoicing and stuff. but i’m so sick of always having issues with either login or messages in the app that they can’t show detailed information about my transactions because of some issue they have. sometimes i can fix it when i login again but that’s not a solution and $15 per month are just to expensive to have a buggy app running my finances. sorry...if that goes on i switch back to wave app which is not a s convenient but it’s at least free and i never had problems like this.
can't create new invoice. very troublesome considering this was an app i raved to people about its efficiency yet now i can't even create a new invoice and earn money... just paid for premium too. very disappointed and would like my money back for each day the app is rendered useless.
when it works it’s great. this app will not recognize my credentials even as i use the online version. i wish it were reliable and i was able to use it consistently. even reinstalling the app does not fix the problem. intuit needs to focus on making this app work on a regular basis as you pay for this service.
2016 update is a headache. great software. real time accounting is brilliant. app update requires repeated login and no fingerprint login which is a huge step backward!!!
great app. love using qb vs the other one i was using. well worth the money imo.
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
total scam. i do not have the ability to open this app but somehow you have been able to continue to bill my credit card monthly. i cancelled a credit card because you have no contact info. sites to cancel service by. somehow you have gotten ahold of my new cc info!!! cancel this service now!!!!
great app. great app. can grab my ipad anywhere and do what i need to do.
awesome app!. this is a smooth and seamless app that allows me to access all of my company needs wherever i am. invoicing in particular is easy, efficient, and professional!
qbo and this app two thumbs down.. how does such a large company make such a crappy product. basic logical steps can’t be completed. you go to summit a improvement and tons of people have listed the same things and nothing ever gets fixed. the app jumps back and forth between web view and app view. support is horrible. you can’t even move different parts of the invoice or estimate around in the app. switching to zoho
best business app. quickbooks has definitely made running my business much more efficient and has made it easier to close on deals. the estimate tool makes it easy to send professional looking estimates to clients, and with a click, those estimates turn into invoices. you can receive payments through quickbooks as well. add the payroll service and you can run the whole business yourself. i would definitely recommend this to any new business start up.
challenging. i’m trying my best to get on with this app. it’s proving really difficult! if for example i carry out 30 individual jobs for a customer over the period of a month i try and create a list of all of the jobs i have done including the date, the serial number and a few other words. once finished i then realise i have actually run out of room on the invoice to show a list of 30 items. i need to have a blank line between each item i am listing otherwise it looks cluttered. when previewing the invoice prior to sending, the listing i have created is a very tight column of words and numbers. the layout needs to be relaxed and allow 8/9 words on one line before dropping to the next line.
app needs major work. the app is useless, i have to pull out my laptop or wait till i get to my home or office. i would love to use my ipad pro, that i carry everywhere but the app is literally useless!!! please fix asap
keeps my office in my pocket. i have been using quickbooks for almost 8 years and quickbooks online for the last several. having the option to invoice customers right from my phone helps a lot since sometimes customers will ask for additional services while i am at their house. if i would have used a preprinted invoice, i would need to edit it in the field. on the other hand, if i did hand written invoices i would have a mess of other paper work to do to keep track of all my income and expenses later in the year.
"app doesn't work. after speaking with the help desk the advise i got was ""the app must not compatible with your phone (iphone 6 plus)"". i leave this review as i only signed up with quickbooks to manage my businesses accounts ""on the go"" and it's been a waste of money for this purpose"
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
the whites. the only thing i like about the app is the ease of tracking expenses. pretty much everything else is only accessible from a desktop or laptop computer. invoices are a major problem with this app. most of our clients don't use or don't have an email address to send invoices to. so i have to individually print each one. i would like to be able to batch print invoices, as this is how most clients prefer to be billed. not being able to access customer info offline is some what of a hassle, as most of the time when it needs to be accessed we are on the phone with the customer. the online version of quickbooks seems to be quite the waste of money. just buy the desktop version.
why!?!. this app and online program is insanely buggy. every time i try and open the app it takes five or six trys before it loads. once it loads i am satisfied at best with the user experience, but if my internet connection isn't a gig a second the app crashes. i wish i didn't pay for a years worth of service or i would delete it with extreme prejudice.
qbo for iphone is amazing!!. i give it 5 stars and i love it. i have to say i am hoping they offer the ability to generate & email purchase orders from the app - then it will be complete!
dissapointed. really let down by this app. i can't access my transactions on my amex through their app. the solution? open it through a mobile web browser. that's not why i got this program!! and just my personal opinion, i feel like the ui is a little weird. not enough options to organize things your way, or to be able to see transactions right away...you have to go through many windows. also, invoice is a little weird. not enough space to customize and put additional information in like the older non-web based program. overall, it's trying to hard to cater to too many different audiences and with too many restrictions.
love it. well i love this app. i never thought bookkeeping could be this fun and easy. thanks for making the program
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
great for business. it's great that you can send invoices from phone. it would be even greater if it had a deposit feature. that way when you're at the bank you can just look on the app and see and check off your deposits from undeposited funds.
experience getting worse. entering transaction requires way too many taps. it isn’t location aware to suggest transactions you just always search. recent updates have some bug that makes the app download the data file with almost every login and login often you must. usually twice a week it loses my password. i have enjoyed quickbooks online but this app experience may have me evaluating competitors in december.
don’t use this with an ipad.. bought this app and was unable to get it to work with an ipad. 4 hours on the phone with this company and still no success. they charged me and told me to get my money back through apple. there is an open known problem being worked on their end but user’s beware. you won’t find out until you’ve paid.
nice app that works well!!. works well, well thought out and presented. helps me day to day for sure!!
super easy. great app and accounts program - easy to use after a small amount of training. so far i haven’t come across any of those annoying bugs you get in other accounts apps
you can do better, intuit. this app has a lot of promise: utilize the power of an ipadpro and really speed up routine accounting functions on qbo. in reality, the app is glitchy, limited in ways it shouldn’t be, and effectively too flawed to use. i’ve been disappointed before by intuit, but this failure is inexplicable.
a reasonable resource. while it doesn't have all the features that the web application does, it is still an invaluable resource to have at my fingertips to ensure i am staying up to date on most of my expenses and invoicing. i am happy with this app.
best integrated cloud & app accounting solution. using the qbo system for 4 of my business entities has streamlined my bookkeeping requirements with great flexibility in terms of user access and cloud accounting. with excellent integration between qbo, the windows desktop app and the ios app - i've found this to be most reliable all round solution available in rsa market without doubt. it's also fantastic that you can provide your field sales-personnel with limited access to the app to generate project quotations / estimations on the move. 5 star profuct!
estimate layout. i like the way the app works, i have problems when i need to include a lot of info on the estimates. when i send it it leaves the first page blank and cuts of some of the info on the second page. overall great though!
quick books. love this app. very easy to use!
pretty good..... i'm somewhat of a novice independent contractor/psychotherapist. i've been using quickbooks since 2014 and have been using the app for about a year. the dates of invoice reflect the date of service so this is helpful. i know for sure i do not use all features to their full capacity but it's worth the monthly investment for sure.
needs better support. i thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
great accounting app. i've been using the quickbooks app for a over a year now and i love how it allows me to stay on top of my business accounting. i love that the app allows me to take a snapshot of my receipts and link them to their corresponding expense transactions within quickbooks.
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
bmb. i cannot connect with my canadian credit union. have been using app for several months now. it is both good and bad. i love that i can take my work with me to record with my ipad, but would like to be able to transfer transactions from quickbooks online to quickbooks pro 2014.
i like qbo. i generally like qbo, it allows me to work well from my phone and does most all of what it promises. improvements that i would really like to see, qbo ignores the way i keep my books, as a consultant i keep books by customer or client then for each customer i may have dozens of jobs or projects. qbo forces each project to be a new customer. the. you must assign this new customer as a sub-customer, what ever that is, really complicates something very simple. the to address on the invoice never comes up right and it tries to mail an invoice to the sub customer, so i have to manually correct this each and every time. frustrating
great app! very easy to understand and use!. great app! very easy to understand and use! david lorea farrington
permissions issues. i would rate 4 stars if the app permissions were accurate. whenever adding a note or signature to an invoice i'm informed i don't have permission to make that change, however i do have permission to make the changes and the changes are reflected in the invoice/estimate.
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
this app is harmful. support is useless or you really can’t recover the emails you sending to the clients with your invoice
poor. this app makes very poor use of the screen real estate of phablet style phones and even worse on ipads. they also removed the comma from the keyboard, so adding additional email addresses to a customer is impossible. generally a poor design, this app is years behind where i should be.
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and re-send invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
simply functional. app makes invoicing easy, and allows you to track any outstanding receivables. should make tax time much easier.
quickbooks renew account??. renewed my subscription for a year and i'm still locked out, every time i log in it keeps telling me to subscribe for 1 month i tried to go that way and it asked if i wanted to change my current year subscription? makes no sense.. wish some (tech support or program owner) fixes it i'm about to cancel it all..... wy small business owner
awesome. great app for the ipad. i hate complicated software a to tract my work. this ones the most user friendly app i've come across. great recommendation. 5*****'s
owner. love this app work great.
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
"forced to upgrade to ios 9 - pathetic!. i personally like the ipad app better than the online version for interface, but it has so many bugs! constantly gives me error message that i'm not authorized to do something (add/edit a customer, etc.), but then it lets me do it. but i keep having to close out all the error messages that pop up. often won't let me email an invoice. won't let me add customer off of creating a new estimate (have to add customer, close, then do estimate and choose customer again). the list of basic things that should not be an issue goes on and on. on the iphone app, there is no place for my reps to view the contact person's name at the company! i'm sure there are other things i could think of, but i've just learned to compensate and work around things. however an app with this many bugs should not be out there - it's pretty pathetic! update 11/18/15 - after update, all the previous bugs are still there. pathetic to issue an update and not fix what was wrong! update 1/14/16 - even worse! now i can no longer add an item to an estimate or see the customer name on estimates or invoices under ""activity"". what is wrong with you people? if you can't make it better, leave it alone! now it is completely useless! update 11/7/16 - i absolutely hate you for forcing me to upgrade to ios 9!!! i have been suffering with quickbooks ipad's pathetic bugs for well over a year. i am forced to use it for my job because my laptop is old and i hardly ever pull it out anymore. everything i do is on my ipad. however, i have an older model (not by years, but by model) and after the mess updating to ios 8.3 created for me, i vowed i would never update again! none of the other apps on my ipad have forced me to do this. app developers are generally sensitive to the fact that not everyone chooses to disrupt their life by updating their device and spending days having to learn to use it all over again (and deal with whatever new bugs it brings to the table). you must have the absolutely lowest level of developers out there who first, couldn't fix even simple bugs in your app (like telling me every time i set up a customer or did an estimate ""i wasn't authorized to do it"" and then warning me if i got out of it all data would be lost. but it wasn't and everything i did was still in the system. even our boss got this message and she is the administrator). there were a myriad of other quirks we had to work around and now your solution is to release a new version, but in so doing force everyone to upgrade to ios 9 because your developers weren't smart enough to know how to make it work with previous ios versions??? shame on you! you would get 0 stars in my review if i could and if this new version isn't totally bug free, you will really hear from me!"
banking. great app just the banking doesn’t always pull over on fist couple tries to load transactions
does not do simple qb tasks. this app does not have all the functions as the computer online version. i can't run simple reports and the payroll app which is separate does not allow me to make changes to the employee information. doesn't function like you need it to and it put me in a bind when i went out of town with just my ipad. i would not even give it one star. worthless.
subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
"forget using with iphone or ipad. app is hopeless!. despite downloading the app so that i can use it with my iphone and ipad so i can cut out the amount of work i bring home it has the following issues: it does not support pinsentry for online banking. therefore it does not link with my bank. i have to borrow my daughter's old laptop. it does not pull through the invoice number or client name in the ""dear joan bloggs"" section on my iphone or ipad. my work either looks messy or i have to go in and edit each document separately. time consuming. you cannot customise statements. i am in dispute with quick books over these issues as i have been sold an accounting package and app which is not ready for sale to the public despite the spurious claims in the bumf above."
very un-intuitive. is hard to tell which expenses are finalized which ones aren't. it's just not a very friendly interface.
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
exactly what i need. the app combined with the online system does exactly what i need it to do. i can invoice clients as soon as i've left their premises, no more trying to keep a record and doing the paperwork later. invoice matching and bank data feeds make reconciliation so easy. this has reduced the amount of time i spend on my accounts significantly. goodbye sage, hello qb online. happy customer.
we love the qb app. one of the most useful things we have “out in the field” is our qb app that allows us to do bookkeeping by extension. probably the craziest place yet was checking qb from the pyramids of giza in egypt. it’s extremely convenient.
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
great app. love having access to most of the same functionality as my laptop
not user friendly. not a simple app to use, most of them aren't though. if your a tradesman and want an app that's like filling out a carbon copy job invoice i only found one, and then they screwed me -and many other people- by changing it to a subscription service. might as well just keep using the old format on quick books on my computer. pain in the butt to navigate, as are all of these, but at least it's paid for and i own it. i don't have to pay a monthly ransom to use or access my own business property.
employees?. i can access my payroll and employees online, but not on the app.. am i missing something?
excellent. for someone who hates keeping receipts. this system is perfect, i simply photography my receipts, lose them as usual and still get to claim my expenses. no more awful receipts for me!!
business. great app
great app/limited function. it is a great app. wish it had full functionality. payroll within the app. not a extra app. that only works. if you want ituit to handle everything. need to work like accessing from desktop. writing checks should also be there. plus running reports. but it is a great app. with limited function. has gotten better. just wish it was getting there faster.
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
it's happening. the quickbook people are really developing this app and there complete system, from a very poor beginning the app is is really strong now and very functional, please keep up the good work quickbooks people. highly recommended book keeping system.
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite- lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
so convenient. i love doing my books as i go throughout my day. sending invoices, estimates and sales receipts on the fly right from my phone, even reconciling accounts! it's probably saved me at least 20 minutes a day. i'd like them to allow us to automatically (immediately) download transactions as i make purchases or deposits as i can do with qb for mac, but i think they're actually updating that functionality as we speak... i also want to know when an invoice or sales receipt was sent and see it in my sent folder... but i wouldn't go back at this point...too many pluses.
very good. very good and easy app.
very efficient. very efficient app, very handy
poor.. really poor set of options compared to the desktop “app”.
love it, i use it everyday for my business. qbo has helped my business grow buy looking professional, keeping up with invoices, and giving easy ways for the customer to pay.
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
much room for improvement. lack of a solid search function along with slow load times make this an app that leaves a lot to be desired. even the online functionality can use improvement. still a decent system for a small business but hopefully they'll spend some time fixing the app soon.
business made better. this has been a great experience. it has made billing especially easer and i'm getting paid sooner. two thumbs up. great tech support!!
what’s going on?. i’m paying almost $11/month for an app that “can’t update payment information right now.” this has been going on for weeks. i can’t even send current invoices. pointless to have at this time.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
there is nothing better than quick books online.. i own a offroad shop where we sell products and modify 4x4 vehicles such as jeeps, trucks, suvs, and even utvs. i have been using quick books since 2011 but switched to quick books online in 2013 and haven't looked back since. the lay out is so user friendly even for someone like me with little computer knowledge. on the rare occasion when i couldn't figure something out for myself the tech support people were there ready to help me with great customer service. and i modify 4x4's for a living and now i am also able to modify qb online to meet my exact needs. as my business grows and i need more help with payroll and other things qb online is right there waiting for me to use it to it's full potential. i haven't found anything that i couldn't do with qb online yet and i don't think i will. i highly recommend it!!
app glitches. i get an error message 6000 every time i try to add a customer, payment, or any new information. basically it's not functioning, i have to use the desktop version.
great for handyman businesses. qb is great for me! i run a handyman business and my office is at my clients place or in my truck. i can sent estimates/invoices while i am on site. it so nice because i use my tablet or phone when i’m on the road and when i’m home i can use qb on my computer and everything is automatically updated
half functionality. i’m a long time quicken user. i switched to qbo at the urging of my new bookkeeper. i’ve been extremely disappointed with the lack of reports, lack of ease of use and basic functionality. yes, you can generate and send invoices electronically. but you can’t generate a report that shows all expenses assigned to a specific client. how can you make sure all expenses are on the invoice without an easy way to double check? my bookkeeper says she can figure out work arounds for most things qbo doesn’t do. imo it shouldn’t require work arounds to get to basic functionality.
poor functionality. constant crashes inability to complete selected tasks poor functionality this app try’s hard but doesn’t quiet make it with its functions. it didn’t at all shot me but that’s what the 3 day free trial is for. i wasn’t going to rate this app but after they charged me $10.50 for a 1 month subscription after i cancelled and deleted the app; i will rate it
awesome!. absolutely love this app. i am able manage all of my clients on the go, create invoices and receive payments. the only issue i have is that it won't allow me to email invoices or provide the pay online option.
master electrician. this app has done everything that i have asked of it. fantastic of estimating, invoicing and receiving payments in the field while on the job site. really saves me time.
terrible app. this app is not even close to what you expect it does not do what your quick books does. there is no way to change product descriptions without having to rewrite the whole item. it does not link to quick books in trial mode and not sure if i want to pay for this service. bottom line this is not what you would expect i think they are still working the bugs out buy some other app.
nathalie dodon maquilleuse pigiste/free-lance makeup artist. j’adore cet app pour me facilité la vie! géniale pour les pigistes ou travailleurs autonome. par contre on peut pas faire certaine correction avec l’app sur le cellulaire... il faudrait trouver une façon pour ne pas utilisé un ordinateur.
love this app!. i have my own business and quick books makes my life a lot easier.
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
the worst customer service ever. don’t waist your time. trust my word
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
will not stop asking for a review. trying to get work done and having to swap back and forth between invoices to get the numbers. made difficult since every time i switch back and forth it asks for me to review the app. well, there you go, 1 star, now let me work.
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me.
quickbooks online. don't usually write reviews but this app is definitely worthy of a review. if you are in the market for an invoicing program this is the only way to go!!
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
a+. awesome app. this makes my life so much simpler! super easy to use. 5 stars from this guy!
great. great app, great software all around for my small business!
constant program updates full of bugs. qb - i'd give 0 stars if i could. over the past 1-2 years intuit has apparently decided to hire lots of useless programmers to write updates. my online reports don't run correctly too often suddenly. i get constant error messages. program freezes are now suddenly common. even things like the running totals in my registers disappeared in one of the late updates. why qb?! why?! suddenly my transaction order in my registers got reversed, supposedly because that is how bank statements show it that way. though not my bank. thanks for nothing qb! suddenly instead of just logging in with my userid and pword, qb has decided that i additionally need an emailed access code now to log in each time. why?! i already enter an id and password to log into my computer, and another to get into qb, and now yet another by email or text just to log in to qb. why?! why?! this is an awful accounting program. i'm a cpa and know how to evaluate an accounting program. i quit recommending qb to clients. and anyone in the market for accounting software should not buy this awful program.
room for improvement. it’s a good app, with some good features, perfect for using on your phone. it would be nice, however, if the ipad version was more like the web version with more of the features available there. it’s frustrating having to switch between the two versions.
fix these two issues and i’ll be happy. overall i am pleased with the app. i have quickbooks online for my desktop and use the app when in the field taking and fulfilling orders. i have two issues with the app. first, there is no “credit memo” feature on the app. the desktop version has it. some of my customers require separate receipts for incoming and outgoing products. i have to login to the desktop version to print a credit memo. further more, if an employee did he would have access to company banking, personal info, etc. that’s not acceptable. secondly, screen becomes blurred fairly often for all three of us on each of our phones. all functions of the app are locked up when this happens. you must exit completely out of the app and then pull the app back up for it to work properly. fix these two items and you’ll get more stars.
a good assistant on the go. the phone app doesn't do as much as i'd like but i couldn't run my business without the software!
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting-> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
where’s the progressive billing option?. i was having the hardest time trying to find the progressive billing option on this app, i soon realized that the app may “just not have it”. i went to the website to find the option and create a progressive invoice, then went back to the app to apply the finishing touches. i bought an 11” ipad pro to not have to use my computer anymore for things like this. so if any developer looking at this could add this very simple feature it would be very very helpful. thank you! also an undo button would be great :)!
excellent accounting app. invoicing to my customers has become very quick and payments entry are the coolest which i found. secondly the one year 70% discount is the main which attracted me. i hope this discount continues i also go ahead with this accounting software app. the negative is that i am not able to connect to my local bank in uae for reconciliation.that's all from me. thanks for giving me opportunity to write a review.
does not have all features as online version. it's great for making invoices and receiving payment, but that's about it. i created a refund for a client the other day and could not even see it when i went looking for it on the app. good, but needs improvement.
working good for me.. the qb online is what i have started with. i use the app and pc to access it. so far so good. i also notice how often qb's is updating and i have watched this version evolve over the last 3 years. my bookkeepers and accountant like it for my needs. i do not use payroll. every time i have called customer service i have had attentive reps.
best hacker. i was lost in hope and faith when i was unable to get into my account that i save all my document and file ,but thanks to alexghacklord who help me get into my account and get everything back for me with no stress just give him some info and everything is done within 5hours really amazing to work with him ,thats why im so proud to recommend him to people to use them and they will never disappoint you ,,contact him on:::alexghacklord@ gmail. com and you thanks me later
very good app- missing one feature. i've had quickbooks for 3 yrs- and love the new app- one thing missing is a milage tracker in the program- had one on the desktop version- so now i have to use a separate app to track business milage.
no support - update. update: last year the screwed up my account just before tax time, see below. now with the latest update i am once again being told my subscription does not exist even though i paid for the whole year. and once again, i am unable to access critical features or anything useful in the app just before tax time. i begin to think this is a scam. previous: i loved this app until there was an issue with my subscription. i was locked out of the app when the payment processed a weekend late. intuit says apple has to fix it. apple says intuit has to fix it. intuit says they will contact apple then contact me, the sound of crickets rings through the house. it has been almost a month, no one has fixed it. meanwhile, i have no way to modify invoices, update my budget, bill, or track sales because the app asks me to subscribe in order to do anything but login. when i push the check subscription button, it confirms that i have one then logs me out and the dance begins again. best part: apple won't refund the subscription for the month only stop it for next month and intuit says they cannot refund anything, so i am paying them to be locked out. this is no way to run a business. no way to retain consumer confidence. and after the new year i will be using something else. it is a great app, until it breaks.
app keeps crashing. app keeps crashing since i got my new iphone. it opens then closes right away. i’ve tried deleting and installing again, i’ve tried rebooting phone; nothing works. any suggestions would be helpful. thanks
makes it easy. so glad i decided to go with quickbooks, update daily to keep track of expenses and sales. fantastic for my business.
keeps locking up. the app keeps telling me i need to update to the latest version, but i already have it. it won't let me log on. frustrating. please fix or revert back to previous version until glitches are fixed.
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, dient handel banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
nice to use. app puts info at fingertips. run reports, check balances and review transactions easily.
longtime user, app is gradually slowing down. been using quickbooks online since it came out, and unfortunately the apps seem to slowing down more and more with each update. i have to delete and reinstall the app a couple times a year because it hangs or acts funky. hope these little issues get resolved and i can use the apps i pay a lot of money each year to use
fix touch id and bring back the quickbooks apple watch app. i have noticed in the latest update. i can only use touch id when i have the app running in the background. when i quit out of the app entirely i have to sign back in using my password. not good fix this so i can use touch id when opening the app up when it is not running in the background. also what happened to the quickbooks apple watch app? why has is vanished from the apple store? please bring it back.
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
poor experience. the app is extremely buggy, unstable, and very slow. logging into the app is unpredictable and i'm randomly logged out. entering receipts is quite painful to say the least, and is impossible without a decent internet connection.
so so.. while intuit has made many improvements in the last few years the iphone app is virtually useless. the ipad version is a slight improvement but neither app allow access to the most commonly accessed information. oh well.
lost without it. i do everything on my app, from billing, collections, banking, etc. etc. always works and stores everything i need.
a reasonable resource. while it doesn't have all the features that the web application does, it is still an invaluable resource to have at my fingertips to ensure i am staying up to date on most of my expenses and invoicing. i am happy with this app.
quickbooks mobile app crashes continuously, unusable. the quickbooks mobile app crashes continuously and is totally unusable in it’s current condition on ipad. frustrating and we are planning to switch accounting app companies, after years with quickbooks program. intuit seems unconcerned with fixing the problem that has been plaguing our record-keeping for weeks now.
connecting my business. as a carpender who has been in business for almost 20 years switching over to quickbooks this year has allowed a much more efficient process. the phone app has changed the speed at which i can respond to customers.
app closes out while entering expenses. the majority of the time this app is wonderful. on a regular basis it will completely close out and i will lose the transaction i’m in the middle of. i’ve continually notified intuit about this since the problem started in april of 2019. the consistent response is that they close out the ticket same day and never respond or research the issue. today i’m told that they no longer have a department to help customers with the app. now i’ve just recently renewed my annual subscription so i’m out that money because this product is unreliable.
invoice and estimates not saving after last update. you will have to delete app. then reinstall then it will save.
stop trying to make mileage tracking happen, it's not going to happen.. it's fine to ask me *once* if i would like to track mileage through the app. it's *not* okay to ask every time i open the app. it's not a service i need, it's not a service i use. stop shoving it in my face and stop asking me to use it.
life saver. apart from the fact i have to input my password every time, this app is a great compliment to the version i use on my laptop. so easy to use, can invoice on the spot. very happy.
great!. the ipad qb app works great! as a plus the support and development people are very respectful and helpful when it comes to suggestions to make the app even better. to be able to be completely mobile for a small business means you can be more efficient and get paid faster. the only thing the app is lacking is signature capture and then it will be everything you need and there will be no need for apps like invoiceasap.
on-line not so good. i was a desktop user persuaded to go on-line. somethings are great: the app access, however the detail available on the app is not as good as the desktop on-line. there is the default linkage with expenses rather than bills but i am learning to cope. do not seem to be able to do a job profitability report. worst of all i cannot sync my bank cards. so lots of improvement needed, idea is great though.
great app !. great app
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimates/invoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
poorest customer service i’ve ever experienced. wow quickbooks has done it again making key changes without customer notification changes leave me hanging with no ability to do business then phone calls to customer service are long waits. must be effecting a whole lot of customers just a simple email or cs agent phone call might help. but the changes for worse again. seriously poorest service ever!!
loving it. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
needs work. i want to be mobile but this app won't let me select different dates for items on invoices or employee hours. please make it more functional.
mr. doesn't work on ipad pro or iphone. it says my subscription has expired. i have had it for several years and it still works on macbook but on ios it thinks i am on a free trial until 13th april but still locks me out saying i need to update my subscription. it is useless to me if it won,t work on ipad because i photograph all my receipts into the app. will cancel subscription if it doesn't work soon.
business owner. this app has all the features i need to run a small but quickly growing business. easy to navigate.
convenient app. fast and easy way to update my account plus banking syncable
the phone app is practically useless. the phone app is very awkward to work with. the only think i found it useful for was just to look things up for reference. it's not worth taking the space up on my phone for that. i'm deleting.
missing. really enjoy the service helping me to stay organized, but the app is missing a lot of the features on webpage or desktop version
love quickbooks app!!!. great app. allows me to conduct business while on the road when computer access it not possible.
great app. thanks for the update. touch id works now and i'm not getting asked for my password all the time. would like to be able to enter my time though!
excellent!!!. i just love this app. i has allow me to invoice and collect payment at the point of sale without the paper work fuzz. it has allow me to improve my cash flow while increasing my efficiency while i am in the field. my only regret, i should have implemented much sooner into my mobile service.
unhappy v18.12. as of version 18.2 i can no longer “switch company”. looks like the developers broke a really great app.
another update, still a poor application!. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my p/c...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then?? still, does not use all the functions of my iphone. i love how i can only rate this useless app once in the lifetime of having it,i would give it no stars if i could!
"very good app.. i am an electrical/mechanical contractor and i have recently switched from quickbooks desktop to qbo. mainly for the mobile ability. i do not do too much with the mobile app, but i do make an occasional invoice or receipt. it is never going to be as fast and easy as doing it on a computer, but it comes in handy. i like to look up past invoices, customer info, or my prices for various materials. the only thing i can really say that i would like to see changed, is the ability to see the vendor/supplier info under a product. i take the time to enter the ""description on purchase forms"" on the computer, but i can't see it on my phone. i have an iphone 5s and it works great. the map function transitions to the map app seamlessly. i can add photos easily into the qbo app via the ""notes"" function. another thing that can't be done on the mobile app is that you can't view inventory info, and if you make an invoice on your pc and added an expense to the invoice, you are not able to view it on the mobile app."
best small business app!. awesome app! very helpful
great app!. really handy to be able to use my phone to raise invoices or make them as paid when i check my internet banking on my phone too. it means i can check them paid while i'm out and about and it syncs with my computer without telling it to. it also means my bookkeeper can also sign in from their office and do the bits they need to do each month for a bank rec etc. some bits don't always match up when you do it on the app but it's easy enough to edit on the computer.
good app.. very nice program. works best with my ipad.
app okay, customer svc bad!!!!!. i've used the app and i like it, but do not use the pay online feature when sending invoices. i had a customer pay two invoices at the same time and three weeks later, i haven't received the payment. i've called quickbooks, quickbooks payment center several times and the only thing they do is put you on hold. the wait time is from 30 minutes to an hour, i waited on hold for an hour and was disconnected. they deposited the monies from the two invoices into a account that's not mine, and getting them to correct the problem is like pulling teeth from a hungry lion. very dissatisfied with there customer service. i like the app, customer service and online payments not so much.
so much that's so wrong. this rating is for qbo overall, because the app lives in an infrastructure. qbo is rapidly becoming the biggest pos in the accounting world. not sure what they’re trying to do, but it isn’t producing a usable set of books. the app is just a small part of the collapse.
awful support. my account went down on a friday, with no support available over the weekend and my account practically unusable i contacted quickbooks support at 8am on monday. after spending 30 minutes on the phone and being told this was an apple issue. 30 minutes later apple told me it was a quickbooks issue. quickbooks then confirm after a further 20 minutes i am subscribed and don’t actually know why my account is not working! not acceptable and costing me thousands by not being able to issue new invoices and check existing ones have been paid!
not user friendly. not a simple app to use, most of them aren't though. if your a tradesman and want an app that's like filling out a carbon copy job invoice i only found one, and then they screwed me -and many other people- by changing it to a subscription service. might as well just keep using the old format on quick books on my computer. pain in the butt to navigate, as are all of these, but at least it's paid for and i own it. i don't have to pay a monthly ransom to use or access my own business property.
unnecessarily secure, glitchy. this is a pretty useful app except it's hindered by three main issues: 1. it requires you to authenticate every time you switch to another app and return to qb. for example. i'm in qb, then switch to email to check what an amazon purchase was for, and then when i switch back to qb, it requires i authenticate with a password or fingerprint scan. i appreciate security in an app, but this degree of such is absurd and makes the app a pain to use. this is my biggest gripe. 2. it glitches a lot. when i go to the bank section to code an expense, it takes about 5 seconds to register what happened and then finally make the change. i'm running this on an ipad air 2 mind you, not a slouch of an ipad. 3. no offline mode. still.
on-line not so good. i was a desktop user persuaded to go on-line. somethings are great: the app access, however the detail available on the app is not as good as the desktop on-line. there is the default linkage with expenses rather than bills but i am learning to cope. do not seem to be able to do a job profitability report. worst of all i cannot sync my bank cards. so lots of improvement needed, idea is great though.
"sam. i havent logged in since. when i just launch the app, it says ""device offline"" everytime. although i use alll other apps smoothjy, why this? i even tried deleting it and downloading again..."
very limited, please just make qbo work on safari!. update 2015: one reason i want to use qbo plus online is for use on the ipad. functionality on safari and safari mobile seems to get worse over time. i don't want to have to put in my long and complicated email and password every time i use the app. i want integration with 1password. every time i look at the apps i waste hours of my time trying to get it to work. btw the payroll app does have even have the basic functionality to be useful for me. sometimes i wonder - i am paying qb quite a lot of money every single month but every use is full of annoyances. 2014 i just want to get it into intuit's online site for payroll and qb. it works fine, and i could do a lot from it, even on the smaller screen of the ipad. this app does nothing i need to do and the mobile site is useless too. but the browser is always redirected to the mobile site with no way to go to the normal website. the ipad is my new laptop now and usually very functional. as long as functionality is not purposefully broken!
working good for me.. the qb online is what i have started with. i use the app and pc to access it. so far so good. i also notice how often qb's is updating and i have watched this version evolve over the last 3 years. my bookkeepers and accountant like it for my needs. i do not use payroll. every time i have called customer service i have had attentive reps.
scared. i added the app. haven’t used it yet. i read some of the awful reviews. decided to delete it. not worth my valuable time. don’t think it is necessary to go through the same nonsense everyone else has gone through. you may want to call it the power of reviews and lack of response from the people in charge.
meh. dislike so many things about the app and online version. i would really like the ability to browse through invoices for ex. look at invoice #1 click next to see #2 and next to see #3 and the. be able to reverse this. unfortunaly this can't be done and one has to search specifically for an invoice by number.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
update is amazing!. new update has corrected all issues, and the app works perfectly. love the design. perfect for small business.
great accounting app. so far i like it. pretty much easy to use
great app. great app and great accounting platform.. i switched from using invoice2go and myob on pc. it's so much easier not having to re enter invoices twice. i love the bank syncing which is accessible from the ipad app. it lets you sign invoices and estimates. it was a little leggy but now it's upgraded it downloads the data to the app so it's much faster now. quickbooks are making lots of changes and keep developing the platform for the better. it's very intuitive and a joy to use. it's obviously not as comprehensive as the full install version but it's enough for small / medium business. it has a separate add on for payroll which i have not used yet but i assume it will work well.
good app. excellent
app doesn't refresh with changes. the app doesn't refresh right away making it appear as though changes i have made aren't saved. however, when i get back to my computer all of my attempts to make changes like adding customer payments have been saved. for example, one time i had the same payment recorded 3 times.
app is useless. receipts and notes entered in the app do not show in the register online without additional steps. it doesn’t even show there is an attachment even though i selected show attachments in settings. so what’s the point. absolutely ridiculous in this day and age.
good app. very useful app when on the go.
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimates/invoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
love the app. it is amazing to see how well the app learn how to categorize expense! the design and ui are also amazing!
no sales receipts. this app is pretty decent, but lacks the essential functionality of sales receipts. gopayment isn't a solution either because it doesn't link to customers. when can we expect sales receipt functionality?
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
small business accounting. very helpful software for my business. has everything from accounting software to expenses, to employee payroll and deductions. has helped me become more efficient with my time. makes estimating and invoicing more streamline.
poor. very disappointed. this app is so limited. like stated in other reviews, it is nothing like the version you're used to using. and if you get the ipad version it's completely different from the phone version. editing is horrible. for example, if you're making an estimate on your phone and you want to go back up and add a line, forget about it. it's so impossible to use. very very poorly done quickbooks. too many problems to go into it. it's just a very poorly made app.
quickbooks online. qbol is totally different from the standard desktop version of qb. i like some of the features such as directly updating my accounts by getting the latest transactions directly from my bank and from paypal. but there were a lot of mess ups due to me not knowing what qbol was doing too. thus many duplicate transactions. i think i have a handle on it now (i say that every month). the app for ipad works better that the desktop browser version for most of the common items, but some features just seem to be missing.
adequate at best. once again i have found that intuit turns out an adequate, but overpriced product. i have used qb as a desktop products for years, never totally satisfied, but not willing to endure switching to something else. on my migration from windows to mac, i learn i must shift to qb online. i select essentials as my needs are, i thought, minimal. to my surprise essentials will not allow tracking of expenses by customer, something i thought essential but not intuit. to get that i would need to upgrade to plus for another $20 a month. if you can use something do. update: the product believe it not is getting worse. update: the downward spiral continues.
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
can't live without it. i don't know how i did business before this app. i love that i can access my company books anywhere. i love the way i can take a photo of the receipts for my expenses. thank you qb!
too much it won’t do. for me, this app is long on promise and short on delivery. if they called it qbo transactions, it would be much closer to right. unfortunately, they sell it as an app version of the real thing and that’s just wrong. among the can’ts: - can’t click click into report elements - can’t change reporting basis (cash/accrual) - can’t run reports on most of the chart of accounts - can’t get vendor details - can’t make journal entries - can’t.... unfortunately, the things you can’t do really take away from the other features. i’ve given up trying to use the app, because i kept getting in middle of something and couldn’t take the next logical step.
pretty good app. this has turned out to be a pretty useful app. very nice to be able to add receipts as i make purchases. very nice to create estimates! i would give it five stars if they would add reports for each customer. the current reports is lame. also very lame i can't add and pay bills!!! come on qb's! it's a business app. we pay bills!!!!!
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
good functionality; could use a few more of the online features. very easy app, works very nicely in the field. would be more handy if the iphone or ipad versions allowed for time tracking or payroll functions.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotel/airfare/rental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimates/invoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
buggy and still no way to easily back up data and no turbotax import. update: just learned that you can’t import quickbooks online information into turbotax. it will only import from the desktop version quickbooks. this is a buggy app that needs to be closed and restarted often, even though it’s the most expensive app on my phone. believe it or not in order to back up your data you need a windows 7 computer with (out of date and insecure) internet explorer 11 or earlier. come on guys, fix this app!
great for small startup. just started using the app as the business grows it has been easy to track travel expenses and everything else we need to keep growing.
excellent app. superb app living my life by it now couldn't recommend enough
excellent. best app to run your business
couldn't run my business without it!. this is an incredible program! my favorite thing about it is how mobile it is. my business is all out in the field... so i'm always creating invoices, collecting payment, and writing receipts often times right in front of my clients. i can literally do each one of these tasks in less than one minute. customers are impressed, records are kept up-to-date, and my mind is at peace. very satisfied!
highly recommend. i highly recommend this app. i run my business with quickbooks online and use this app daily. i use it to create estimates and invoices mostly but also look up look up costumers balances and run reports.
"slowly getting better!. new app is working great - i can take payments from within the app now vs using the gopayment app and having to import the transaction. that saves a lot of time. touch id works! the home page is very convenient in seeing my activity and p&l's. one thing that needs fixed is the ""due on date"" for invoicing. all of my customers are cod and even though i have this option selected it still invoices out net 30 across all platforms (mac, ios and windows). would love to see the option of allowing customer to add a tip in the future, like in gopayment. all in all so far so good! thanks guys!"
yep. great app...appart from the lack of multi currency function...and would be great if we could easily switch company as on the web
love it!. quick books merging your gmail contacts and being able to add and subtract expenses lays your invoices out really well and makes everything so easy! clients get all the information this way and it leaves them without surprises. because of the convenience it forces me and reminds me to enter all the information that i would otherwise forget to include.
life saver. i would not know what to do without this app! yeah i would have to fight through receipts every month to balance month end report. with the app i just input the info when i make the purchase and it makes it so much easier. recommend the app 110%.
love it. this app is very helpful for the business side of my lawn care business.
the best app out there by far. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far. every update includes a very useful useable option. 👌🏽👌🏽
not so great. appears so different on mobile then desktop. allot of functions not available in the app. can’t really use it on the go. for example cannot fill the site details on app as it dose not appear.
"not worth money and it's free!. when it works it's ok at best but it's too flawed to take seriously. among its faults: failing to find entries on search even when the search term is correct. doing things like stating the ""delivery server is down"" when trying to email an invoice. the ""delivery server"" is not down as the user finds out when they continue to send other invoices. upon investigation of the fault it issues brainless messages such as ""you (name) and you (same name) we're working on the document at the same time and you (name) finished before you (same name) did. you get the point! app search not formatted with an ipad so the ipad user cannot see all of the information being searched for (when search works at all) seems to randomly wish to send verification text codes even though it claims that it should only happen once. updates do not address the faults just add a fluffy new feature. seems the app was slung together and no one researches how it might be used. in use there are constant error messages (like for every step) saying you don't have permission to add s part and then it lets you do it. imagine going to your customer for a signature and they see these messages. app is constantly updated giving the user features they don't need but they never update to fix the bugs!"
love it!. we've used qb for about a decade, and looove the new app. makes life easier!!
on the go. the app is excellent for anyone on the go.
app problems. okay!! so for like 2 years, your app will not configure with the desktop version and none of the email addresses get updated. so in my case, i had been sending invoices to the wrong person and couldn't figure out why i wasn't getting paid? fix this like it used to work 3 years ago
problem fixed!. app works great!
awesome app!. great software, well written and updated regularly, moves seamlessly between phone ipad and desktop
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
awesome. i've been using quickbooks for years the online and mobile app is the only way to go
ok when it works.. this app is ok when it works but if intuit is having issues, they will never admit it and they will leave you hanging for up to a day or more without help! not worth the money.
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
great software for small business.. only complaint is that i'm always greeted by a pop up, asking me to rate the app, which i grow weary of, so here i am.
easy and super user friendly. first time user of this type of app but it was easy to set up. sent out my first invoice after 1hr already.
business management made easy.... quickbooks has taken the pain and most of the time out of bookkeeping for my photography business. it lets me spend my time working with customers and get invoices out promptly to get paid!
latest update rocks. now you get your bank feeds in the app, so you can easily process your incoming payments and expenses. the only thing missing is the ability to attach a file during that process. hope it's something that will be included in a future update.
lacking several important fixes. initially the app was incredible... unfortunately after an update on my ipad, the ability to email my invoices got much more difficult, no longer populates my contacts, have to manually enter every time, it doesn't store or remember emails. i get connection lost or you are not connected to the internet error messages constantly. spoken with customer care who said i should enter them manually.... really? thousands of email addresses, maybe you should fix your glitches!
"not as good as i thought, but better. i tried a few apps/softwares, but i stopped here. the downside is that it makes you a little bit lazy and have more free time, so people think you are not doing a big job? say if i can get all; 1. all expenses with their attachments organised in one place 2. all invoices and their attachments 3. all bank accounts - even personal accounts to allocate transactions relate to business - and without a need to ""data entry"" 4. my bas can be done in a few min 5. my chart of accounts can be amended as i go from everywhere 6. plenty of reports are ready at any time 7. one look at one graph, i can know what's up. plenty of other features and i like this app"
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
so far so good. very good for tracking expenses on the road to avoid paperwork when back at the office. nice simple mobile interface.
"new ""update"" totally crashes - it only gets worse!. i personally like the ipad app better than the online version for interface, but it has so many bugs! constantly gives me error message that i'm not authorized to do something (add/edit a customer, etc.), but then it lets me do it. but i keep having to close out all the error messages that pop up. often won't let me email an invoice. won't let me add customer off of creating a new estimate (have to add customer, close, then do estimate and choose customer again). the list of basic things that should not be an issue goes on and on. on the iphone app, there is no place for my reps to view the contact person's name at the company! i'm sure there are other things i could think of, but i've just learned to compensate and work around things. however an app with this many bugs should not be out there - it's pretty pathetic! update 11/18/15 - after update, all the previous bugs are still there. pathetic to issue an update and not fix what was wrong! update 1/14/16 - even worse! now i can no longer add an item to an estimate or see the customer name on estimates or invoices under ""activity"". what is wrong with you people? if you can't make it better, leave it alone! now it is completely useless! update 11/7/16 - i absolutely hate you for forcing me to upgrade to ios 9!!! i have been suffering with quickbooks ipad's pathetic bugs for well over a year. i am forced to use it for my job because my laptop is old and i hardly ever pull it out anymore. everything i do is on my ipad. however, i have an older model (not by years, but by model) and after the mess updating to ios 8.3 created for me, i vowed i would never update again! none of the other apps on my ipad have forced me to do this. app developers are generally sensitive to the fact that not everyone chooses to disrupt their life by updating their device and spending days having to learn to use it all over again (and deal with whatever new bugs it brings to the table). you must have the absolutely lowest level of developers out there who first, couldn't fix even simple bugs in your app (like telling me every time i set up a customer or did an estimate ""i wasn't authorized to do it"" and then warning me if i got out of it all data would be lost. but it wasn't and everything i did was still in the system. even our boss got this message and she is the administrator). there were a myriad of other quirks we had to work around and now your solution is to release a new version, but in so doing force everyone to upgrade to ios 9 because your developers weren't smart enough to know how to make it work with previous ios versions??? shame on you! you would get 0 stars in my review if i could and if this new version isn't totally bug free, you will really hear from me! 6/28/17 - so a month ago i finally successfully upgraded my ipad 2 to ios 9.3.5, which is the last version it will update to. i did this in order to be able to use qb on my ipad. it had its occasional crashes and freezes, as always, but otherwise was working ok until today. suddenly, total crash and won't open at all. i've uninstalled, hard reboot, and reinstalled several times to no avail. then checked the app store and see they did an ""update"" yesterday. typical. they just cannot seem to leave well enough alone. the thing has bugs and flaws enough, but they only seem to be able to make it worse, not better. it is unbelievable that a company like qb cannot hire a better technical support staff to develop their apps. my company is planning on switching to another software soon and i am so glad!"
"glitch. i like this app in general, but the request to review came up just after the screen to choose which company i want to open. i only have one company but due to a double billing glitch, i am left with an extra step every time i log on the app. not i big deal, i understand, but was no fault of mine and no one at qb can change it... that's what gaffes me. and will apparently continue until, ""at some point it will drop off"", probably next year. ridiculous."
mr. doesn't work on ipad pro or iphone. it says my subscription has expired. i have had it for several years and it still works on macbook but on ios it thinks i am on a free trial until 13th april but still locks me out saying i need to update my subscription. it is useless to me if it won,t work on ipad because i photograph all my receipts into the app. will cancel subscription if it doesn't work soon.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
back to 5 stars ! after app crashed on ios 9 and ios 10. after upgrading to latest version this morning the app crash has now gone. back to five stars for an awesome product. well done for listening to the reviewers comments. this is a great product !!!! - but seems to be let down by your app support model! well done on the bug fixes - a little late but at least you have stopped me wasting time by wiping my phone for no reason!
crashes. the app just crashes as soon as it starts to load. don't waste your time downloading it.
worked great until the latest update. i've really enjoyed having access to invoicing and to see how everything is doing right on my phone as i'm out about about taking care of business needs throughout the day. as of the last update, however, i seem to have lost the ability to see or send any new invoices or add customers. along with that, as of the update it is no longer allowing me to log in with touch id or pin, instead asking for a password every time. i loved the app until this latest update.
effective app for accounting.. yes.
inventory. i would like to see quantity of my inventory on the app. please make this happen.
professional.. this app helps me quickly and easily stay looking professional and on time with my invoices and government payments
do not upgrade to latest software!!. i have used this app for almost a year and it has worked very well for my small business. likes: -stores client info - allows for cc payment - allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice. - alerts me of tardy invoices - provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months income/expenses dislikes: - credit card payments incur a hefty fee rather than a flat monthly charge. - my invoices have an intuit logo which is annoying. - customer service is hurting. wish they had a 1800 # or immediate online chat support like so many other software companies.
so much potential!. i went from desktop to online. what a nightmare! well, i’m really liking the speed at which i can create and send/print an invoice now that i’m getting used to it and have some of the kinks worked out. but......there is so much more this app should be able to do!! the accounts are not updated. when i do transactions on chrome or safari, the app is about a month behind even though the balance is correct. transactions just done shoe!? you can’t do any transfers between my accounts. i have to go onto safari and then there is a whole other set of issues! even when using chrome on ipad pro you still can’t see the whole page or “buttons” to click to save something....over all i’m getting better at using the mobile version but it really needs work for ipad version to flow like it does online on a laptop! (which is what i’m trying to get away from) anxious for a good big update.
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
so happy. awesome app
pretty app, but not up to the job.. i downloaded this app to look at it for a client. i was disappointed that it would not process supplier invoices and could not handle banking accumulated cash. it seems to handle vat alright but it does not produce a report to help you put you fill in your vat return online. on the plus side the sales invoicing is smooth, although i had a minor issue with a technical error. i like the ability to review the status of your customer and supplier accounts and manage business contacts. the ability to e-mail contacts from the supplier/customer interface is useful. overall if this was sold as a sales control app with additional functionality i might not have been as disappointed as i was. i hope intuit get their act together and upgrade this soon as it has the potential to be very good.
best app for organizing your small business!!. only had this for a couple of days now and just invoiced my first clients. it was so easy to use. i wish it could be personalized more but still overall a great start to my business!
great app. i actually love this thing. it's pretty easy to use once you come to understand some of the functions. daunting at first but learning curve isn't too steep. helped me make sense of my numbers.
app doesn't show anything. the app version does not match the online quickbooks. most of the information is not accessible in the app.
helpful app. massively scaled down from the quickbooks online browser version. but it is not intended to be a full service app. it gives a good, quick, and simple snapshot of your business on the go. it also is easy to add expenses and take pictures of receipts from within the app itself. i find it helpful on the go. worth downloading for sure
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
way too limited. this app and the companion program that runs with it on a pc is so very limited. when entering information downloaded from the bank you must first enter it then if it goes to two different categories you then have to remember to go in and edit the category to split it instead of just letting you split it on the first entry screen. i do a direct pay for my electric that the program interprets as a transfer so i cannot change to the correct category. i’m have to go and enter each entry then match it to the download to make it work. that’s not the worst part. i downloaded my paypal register and the program puts all my income in one category it made for itself and i am unable to change to match my company chart of accounts. and where are the ability to make journal entries to fix this stuff??? your guess is as good as mine. im one unhappy business owner.
qb 2.4.0. i just installed the newest qb app on my ipad pro and am still disappointed. i do not have the same access as on my laptop online version. i need purchase orders and it is still not available on the mobile version. this is 2016, this should not be a hard task to incorporate. in addition, when i go to the online version through safari on my ipad pro, it does not respond very well. it freezes or refuses to update saved info just entered. give me a good product please!!!!
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
quickbooks online : almost there.... ideally, any app should be as close as possible to the desktop experience. whilst still lacking in key features & reports, this app wins easily when compared to its contemporaries. the app is very stable and permit multi file access, which is very useful. basic tasks such invoicing & reciting can be performed (and emailed) etc, but bank rec nciliations can't be reconciled as yet. so 4/5 from me...
this is a total disaster. quickbooks online is a complete and total mess. my invoices are duplicating themselves in the register, the register isn't adding correctly, and my sales tax isn't correct so it has to be done by hand. when you call customer service, they have no answers and never bother to return your call because nobody there knows how to fix the issues. i would recommend that nobody ever uses quickbooks online.
"latest upgrade is a disgrace. i have never written a negative review of an upgrade, but the latest version of this app made a great app totally useless. you can no longer receive invoices or reconcile bank balances. do yourself a favor and delete the quickbooks app rather than ""upgrade."" the mobile website is more useful than the app."
powerful. very good, gives almost all of the functionality as the browser version except for splitting and journal entries. but for daily review and acceptance of linked electronic transactions, this is great! also has a good p&l and balance sheet report.
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
works but limited reporting data. running a business as a ceo is about reporting data to make decisions with, and be in the know all the time. this only has two reports you can pull and neither have the data i need to run my business on the go. please allow custom reports to be pulled or add more reporting options because this is weak. i never do accounting on this app, i would use it all the time to have data at hand. the browser experience is phenomenal.
not as god as desktop or web access. i’ve been using quickbooks online for over a year and while it’s ok, it’s really lacking in a lot of areas. also, the mobile app can not perform a variety of common tasks that the computer app and web interface can do. for instance, i cannot edit certain invoices on mobile if they have expenses included. once an expense is added to an invoice, only the desktop app or web interface can edit it. also, as many have said, if you’re used to the traditional quickbooks pc or mac software which has been available for many years, the hosted version can be difficult to adjust to. it’s not capable of everything the older software can do, and a separate paid subscription is required for every company file you maintain. i am self employed with fairly simple invoicing needs, and i still have to use the most expensive subscription in order to simply link expenses to invoices. the hosted services leave a lot to be desired, but they do have som me positives as well. for instance, i’m able to provide my outside tax accountant with web access to my company data 24/7 from anywhere. that’s probably a big time saver for me and many other small businesses.
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality - i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
happy customer. i love this app.can do my invoices everywhere on my mobile or tablet.😃😃😃
works good. easy to use.. it's really easy to file expenses with this. that's all i really need a mobile accounting app for.
prestige. this app is awesome! i work on my books as well as my clients. i'm surprise that i can do all from my phone! mrs. jordan
horrible app. you can’t add time activity. this has to be the stupidest design i’ve ever seen. you’re in the field and the most common use would be to add billable time. i’m about to switch to another provided if they don’t get their act together.
hi. app don't work
track time. so far i’m pretty unhappy with this app because i thought that i could use it to track my time while i was with a client with a timer. i know that i read that somewhere when i was researching this app. that would have been a perfect feature. if this is something that i can actually do and someone can let me know how to do it i will change my rating to 4 or 5 stars.
quick books makes my life easier!. doing estimates and sending invoices is easier then ever!
so so. hard to understand how to do a lot of things, and frustrating at times. customer service though is very good, i just wish i had more time to work with them.
quick books app. it works as good as my computers program! i can do the work i need to right from my phone!
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
"needs splitscreen support. how can this app have as many revisions that its had since ios 9 came out and still not have split view with other apps?? also the glitch is back that when you hit the ""back"" button when viewing a customer it takes you all the way to the top of your customer list instead of going back to where you were. frustrating..."
great app. qb app is great and it's only improving. i can't wait to see how this app will operate in a year.
construction co.. this program is awesome. it allows me to keep all my books squared away. balances with my credit cards and my bank account. also the customers can pay online with the invoices and receive their own paid receipt. i have a choice to allow them to pay with their bank account to the my account or, a charge card. and if i want i could add a 4% convenience fee. this program is awesome it covers everything from payroll, subcontractors, invoices, estimates, bank transfers, bank balances, you can even keep inventory and many other things on this program. that do with a business. there is no better program out there than this one
cool app. very convenient, i'm yet to use it to its fullest, but i love the way it alerts me to payments i need to make or should have received. very happy.
need packing slip option. add the option to send packing slips from the mobile app
"great app that needs improvement. well we've been using qb for 8 years. the desktop version up until the beginning of 2016. then- we we're sold the online version on all the positive points - tablet linked access for multiple users- time tracking- cheaper monthly payment - payroll simplicity - etc. we we're not told about the lack of features compared to desktop version. nor the slow app functionality and constant downloads of data/updates- along with app signing out without warning- also app will crash without warning - especially if network is slow / lost. overall we like the app and the system. we need the facility to send letters to all customers or the ability to export customer addresses to a word document- on the pc browser also the customer services is good if i'm focusing on customer services access and speaking to a person quickly - but - technical support is poor - with many operatives guessing and pondering - like ""try this"" or ""hmm i'm not sure - i'll speak to my manager"" especially when asking questions on the mobile app. it's as if the call center is not communicating with the app developers . we had a major issue a few months back in where non of our employees including myself could log into the mobile app - all we could see is ' data download, please wait' - i called technical and they knew nothing about the problem but did state that an updated app is being developed and will be active soon. 2 weeks later our apps started working again. i complained about the inconvenience stating the loss of time and added aggravation and cost to ourselves as we had to revert to paper and pen the customer support team offered 6 months reduced subscription fee as a gesture of good will, which we appreciated as kind customer support . overall a great program and very efficient when working . i suggest the ability to change invoice templates from the mobile app as i have templates that show itemised item costs as well as non specific invoices with a total cost only - i would love to be able to switch between templates from the mobile app to save me having to go into the office ."
taking too long to integrate with desktop version. still not as useful as the desktop version, really needs to be able to prepare purchase orders and deal with suppliers. it is a good app but not for a business who purchases stock and has to pay suppliers. have now decided it is easier to tether the laptop to the ipad.
great mobile app, but it has a mind of its own. i've found the ability to work remotely as a great plus for estimates, electronic invoices and checking customer records. i have just had issues with downloaded deposit amounts and matching for reconciliation. automatic entry into register has to go!
business. i'm very happy with this app help me a lot
useless app. used to a quickbooks user a couple of years ago, and it was ok then, but now i have recently returned and find it rubbish. a simple thing like adding a company address is turning out to be an impossible task. total waste of my time. it you are a small business using the app via iphone or ipad forget it. stay away
recommend!. quickbooks is a must have to swiftly complete business tasks like, estimates, invoices, etc.
awoolridge. i like the app and actually find it easier to record payments from customers than the online version. however, it is frustrating that you cannot perform all duties ie. creating estimates and invoices etc.. let's ramp it up qb. ;-)
great app but..... i love qb, i’m a small business owner and have been using it faithfully since 2016. my one beef is that i cannot send invoice reminders or share invoice links from the iphone app, i have to send from my laptop. this is not a major inconvenience but when i’m at the airport or on the go, it is extremely tedious. please make an update to allow users to send invoice reminders and share invoice links via smartphones!!!! one note: it does give the option to send a reminder on my phone but once you click on it the next screen shows up as sending the invoice regular. it’s a glitch.
very useful and convenient ever ready business tool. i was a little sceptical about migrating from paper and spreadsheet records for our small company accounts. our accountant advised the move and it has been a huge success. easy capture of expenses and bank transactions, instant views of the business via the dashboard are not powerful and easy to use. some things are a little confusing for the non-accountant, but the user interface has steadily been improving over the 18months we have been using the online system and the apps.
frustrating!. this app and the full cloud service is very frustrating. i am an accountant and i’m beginning to look for alternatives for my clients because qbo, app and full cloud, crashes repeatedly. my clients experience countless hours of downtime throughout the day. also it makes no sense that qb self employed has the ability to track mileage but the more expensive versions such as essentials and plus, do not have that ability. i have clients who are self employed but they need essential or plus version of qbo and they are not able to track their mileage. instead, they have to use a third party app. it would be nice to be able to setup other accounting capabilities such as tracking loans and investments. come on quickbooks! this level of service is unacceptable.
excellent for the it service provider. as an it service provider, this app allows me to log my hours and mileage in the field. i can even email customer invoices immediately after services are performed. this is, of course, paired with quickbooks online plus, which allows you to log hours per customer. highly recommended!!
best way to keep track of your expenses. i love this it works very well a little hard to learn but very simple to use what you learn how to do it i use it to track all my business expenses and it works perfectly i love the touch id lot it keeps everything very secure you cannot go wrong with this i absolutely recommend it for small business owners and businesses in general
solid app. the app works well with the online service and gives access to the basics so while out of the office you can still stay up on your business. would like to see the ability to add and see bills through the app instead of only expenses.
very unhelpful customer service. i have have been problems with my quickbooks for quite some time. every tine i call customer service or chat with them it is like asking a brick wall for help. none of them know what’s going on or how to work the program. it’s like they are learning it with you. they go through a prompted list and when the instructions don’t match the program they are lost just like me. i have spent hours on the phone with them and never gotten n answer to my problems. i will be switching to another program asap
highly functional for an app. unlike other folks i find that i can get the majority of what i need to accomplish for day-to-day business done on this app. very user friendly.
so easy to use!. this app is easy to use! i like it more than the desktop version!
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
heating/cooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
crashes constantly every time i try to use it!. crashes multiple times every time that i try to use the app! on line works fine. the app keeps freezing saying saying critical updates needed! but i already updated app and deleted the app and reinstalled it. i tried everything i could do. so frustrating! older versions worked well. this is on an iphone xmax. newest phone .., latest version ... not working!!
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be.
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
mr. trying to type this review the second time. first time have typed up a review, i was told my chosen nickname is taken and the whole text disappeared! basically app is waste of time! not all of my set suppliers are displaying. for an accounting program it should be spot on before publishing. i would not trust this app. beware!
nothing works for me. nothing works for me with this app. if i login using desktop, qbo is ok but when i use the app, there is no information; no clients, no invoices, nothing. the subscription says i have a free trial until 2037. phone support was unsuccessful.
not useable in multi-user environment. still a 1 star. what is wrong with intuit programmers? yup, yet again another update, and still not useable in multi-user. my business has more than 1 user account. locations and classes do not work in their accounts. how many years will this take to fix a bug that has been present since day 1? another update and i stand behind my previous review(s). seriously? another update, and still not multi-user friendly. but, oh boy, something works with apple watch. when will intuit fix the multi-user issues? someone else mentions they fix bugs. i can say the exact opposite - they leave bugs for years! i want to use and like this app. i've looked at every update since the very 1st version. it does seem to be slowly improving, but is still not useable for my company.
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
"very frustrated. i came from using a desk top quickbooks 2010 version and now on to the quickbooks online. i can't get a good template because it doesn't allow you to add a box or take out things you don't need. the few templates they have would be fine if it allowed me access to remove or change the name of the boxes. i need it to work for my business and i've called customer service twice and both times they say well i'm sorry it's suppose to do that oh well. what kind of customer service is that for ""helping"" you?? also apparently according to customer service the server is down in my area for sending emails and he can't tell me how or when it may be back up and he doesn't have a number that you can contact to let them know that it's down."
disappointed. downloaded this app so i could buy the payroll feature for my new company but it crashes immediately upon opening.
review. everything is great but the inability to create packing slips from the app. kind of a key part of doing business...
no way to properly export or archive your data. i use quickbooks online for several companies. it works great until you realize there is no way to actually archive your data when you no longer need an active subscription. i closed a business this year and no longer needed an active qbo subscription for it. when i went and looked for a way to save a copy of everything for audit purposes (cra requires you keep a record of everything for several years after your business closes) there was no option to properly back everything up. quickbooks support will tell you you can export some spreadsheets but they are incomplete. attachments and receipts are not included. it seems the only way to properly keep my records if i happen to need them in the future is continue paying a monthly subscription. i should be able to download a complete copy of my data whenever i want. give this a quick internet search and see what a problem it is. also notice how quickbooks staff never directly answer this question in the forums. if you want to be stuck paying a monthly subscription even when you don’t need to use the product anymore than this is the product for you!
love the desktop version. the app needs work.. limited functionality. i can't even update the credit card i use to pay quickbooks in the app. tough to send invoices to clients
not useable in multi-user environment. another update and i stand behind my previous review(s). seriously? another update, and still not multi-user friendly. but, oh boy, something works with apple watch. when will intuit fix the multi-user issues? someone else mentions they fix bugs. don't be fooled, they fix the bugs they want to fix, but apparently none of the bugs that keeps my business from using this app. i want to use and like this app. i've looked at every update since the very 1st version. it does seem to be slowly improving, but is still not useable. my business has more than 1 user account. locations and classes do not work in their accounts. not in any sales forms. not in expenses. when my other users go to customers, they see total sales for the last 90 days. they do not need to, nor should they see this. if i cant't have my employees use this app, it is useless!
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
left hand doesn't know the right. when i switch from logging in online to the ipad or iphone, the app doesn't seem to be updated with the new information. case in point, my credit card was hacked so i had to update my account info on all my subscriptions that used that number. i received a notice form qb that my account was suspended. apparently it isn't possible to update the subscription info from the app, so i did it online. now when i open the app it still says my account is suspended. one of many glitches that exist between the app and the online experience. needs to be streamlined! every other app just re-ran the billing info and automatically updated to the cc replacement number. all qb is able to do is create frustration and berate the customer by suspending his account. also requires too many clicks to achieve objectives. frequently crashes when trying to import a customer.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: -stores repeat client info - allows for cc payment - allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice. - alerts me of tardy invoices - provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months income/expenses dislikes: - credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge - all of my invoices have an intuit logo - customer service is not great
phenomenal. quickbooks app on my phone combined with the online system is the best thing to happen to my new small business. i no longer feel like an accountant full time & business owner part time!
awful. doesn't work.. logs me out instantly every time i sign in... wish i could evaluate more. love the online version, but this app is struggling.
great app. had quick books for a while, the app is easy to use and has most of the futures that you would need on a phone... any bigger thing use a comp.
user. good app but needs more features
app is pants. the app was working perfectly until ios10! now opens for .5 second and crashs! how do i run my business accounts on the go!!!! fix needed today!!!
great app. i love it! it keeps everything organized!
best choice for modern businesses. quickbooks online (qbo) could be a challenge for those resistant to change, or those not looking to grow their business. but for business owners hungry for dynamic, real-time financial data to both interpret and grow their businesses, qbo is key. the combination of qbo and integrated applications (tailored to your specific industry and workflow) aid in gaining efficiencies which eliminating redundancies, manual data entry and a few other time-saving and (human error) opportunities. highly recommended.
does not refresh. my primary complaint about this app is that it takes forever to refresh, or does not refresh certain things at all. this one issue is a huge annoyance. despite how many times i have opened and used the app, it still shows me my profit/loss for february (tomorrow is april). it also continues to display an invoice i deleted months ago, and when i try to delete it again it tells me it's been deleted already. so frustrating, especially because i am paying for the qb service.
handy invoicing tool when out and about. i use this app predominantly to invoice as i travel a lot in my job. it has been a bit of a game changer to be able to produce professional invoices on the go. and amazing to keep track of payments.
easy to use. no experience needed. you can perform 95% of what you can do on the computer on this app.. the only things you cannot do include things like personalizing invoice colors and options, and i had trouble sending a single invoice to two recipients.. i was able to do both successfully on the computer but not the app.
missing features from qb online. i use qb for invoicing and purchase orders, and i only work from my ipad. couple of things: you can’t create a po on the app—i have to sign in to qb online and it’s still very buggy. i’ve lost about 3 pos so far during random refresh times, when qb “invites” me to try the app...completing a task that is unavailable on the app. this is also frustrating as i pay for qb pro—why can’t i have all the features on the app? second: i like to personalize my emails with the invoices; i have noticed that sometimes it accepts my changes and sometimes it does not. the default “here is your invoice!” is a little too cheerful/juvenile for clients to whom i am sending 2nd, 3rd invoices, and too impersonal for clients who are receiving their initial bill. app would receive 5 stars if i could do both of these things reliably.
transactions incomplete. just downloaded the app. the first thing i look at is bank transactions. it doesn't show the amounts properly. first digit or two then ... and there is wasted space on the left and right of the screen. am i missing something or is that crappy design.
amazing that i can make invoices and take payments literally anywhere with cell service.. i think it's an amazing app. the only downfall is i can't add invoices from vendors that i haven't paid yet. only expenses that are already paid. hence the 4 stars. if they had that feature it would be a five star for sure.
crashing and signing out. hi there this app continuously crashes saying it needs crucial updates. there are no updates and continues to do the same over and over again. i cannot use it at all now. help.
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
awoolridge. i like the app and actually find it easier to record payments from customers than the online version. however, it is frustrating that you cannot perform all duties ie. creating estimates and invoices etc.. let's ramp it up qb. ;-)
was great and then they updated it. i loved this app when i first got it. i used it all the time for 5 months strait, and then they 'updated' it. now, it's awful. i don't see any of the new features and it is buggy beyond belief. please go back to the older version. this is a joke.
the good, the bad & the ugly. the app is fine, and the main qbo bookkeeping features are fine. the problem is the payroll and payments (merchant account) add-ons are poorly integrated with qbo. they are like 3 separate countries with lengthly border crossings. the main qbo linked immediately with our bank, but not so with payroll and payments, each of which has a separate verification process. have spent endless hours setting and resetting, sending voided checks etc etc. after 2 weeks, payroll and payments still won't connect even though the main bookkeeping portion has been humming along. even their software engineers can't fix it.
needs a lot of work. needs the ability to update bank accounts from the bank, as for now it only syncs with updates made on my windows or mac computers. needs access to all reports available. i had hoped this app would be a full version substitute when a laptop or desktop computer is not available.
amazing. at last i can invoice on the move and do the rest of my book keeping as i go. great app and easy to use.
app shortcomings. if you are a business owner or manager and having ready access to view/pay taxes and entering a bill is important to you, this app is worthless as you can’t do that. i was hoping to ditch my laptop for travel and just take my ipad pro with keyboard, but, this is not viable, at least for me. and if you think you can bypass the app for these things and open up qbo via web browser and work with that, fuggedaboudit, doesn’t render or work properly.
update ruined a great small business tool. quickbooks use to be an awesome tool to let us send invoices after a job is completed on the spot. it also allowed a user to edit payment information anywhere via the mobile app. this is now all gone thanks to the new update. if it is not fixed soon, we are looking into transferring our accounts to another system.
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
convenience is nice. nice to be able to access clients remotely and get most information. would be nice to have full functionality in app. some functions are slow going from screen to screen.
great app. i don't have any problems with the app, seamless integration with the desktop.
great stable app that keeps getting better and better!. gives me access to everything i want but i'm on the go or just don't want to pick up the computer or tablet.
"best idea yet!. run a one-man business on this app, it's the best idea. once in a while, life has its financial surprises, and would be nice if there's an option that you could pay your dues without having to call, especially on weekends when no ones there to answer so the business doesn't stop or on a stand still. and would also be great if intuit would allow an online payment for our customers that can be tag onto our own websites...that would be a nice touch, one option monthly billing! another thing, it would be nice if intuit/qb would integrate the ""sales-forms"" invoice payment and receipt sales as one to show customers that they did paid up! hey, do it qb, it's for the best! still, awesome job! love the app so far!"
good. so far so good. wish more things were accessible on the app.
limited but powerful. the quickbooks app for the ipad works well with the online system. some limitations are inherent with the app that you have to go to the web based system from the desktop to accomplish. you can't create a statement with dunning notices, but you can send the invoice! from the job site, a quick invoice to the client helps improve cash flow and enhance customer relations.
must have. this app is an all around life saver for the on the go business minded person! freedom to work on the go!! absolutely love it!
great!!!. update aug 2016: they fixed glitches! the app is back to working stellar! i do invoice, enter my expense taking pics of receipts and email my invoices out for immediate payment i live qbo. i'd never go back to desktop version! older review: i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
qb app is useless. update quickbooks refuses to recognize they have a problem with data being displayed incorrectly on the ipad app. it simply doesn’t show all of the current expenses like the online version does. i deleted the app and reinstalled same problem, so please quickbooks support listen to us and fix the problem. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either. received a response from developer tried all their suggestions results the same. my mobile app doesn’t display an accurate picture of expenses. many others have noted the same thing. the solution isn’t to delete and reinstall the app. that’s not a solution that’s a work around.
loved the app until banking disappeared. i mainly use my computer to do most of our accounting but loved having the app so i could accept banking transactions during short periods of downtime thereby keeping our bank balance up to date all the time. then today i went to catch up on accepting transactions and banking has totally disappeared from the menu. help! what happened? i deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail.
"confusing and cluttered app. i love that nearly all of the features in the desktop app are here in the mobile app. however the interface, especially the home page, is confusing and cluttered. ""company activity"" is a bit useless as the default page. show me the charts of paid/unpaid invoices. i think the developers are tasked with including every single feature and that clouds their design judgement. it's not an easy ask but let's make this app more mobile friendly."
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
great app for any small business. this is a well polished app with regular updates and new features being added everyday. *credit card transactions are incredibly simple with the intuit gopayment integration. great job on the app guys keep up the good work!
great app. i use this everyday and love it. very easy to use.
great app. good for a non accounting person like me. i can keep track and give it all to my accountant and it gets done. i love that i can send invoices from my ipad and enter info etc. two thumbs up!
never stays connected. i’m being very generous by giving three stars but every time i use this app, it disconnects from my bank. i have to always use my macbook to sync bank data and keep qb up to date. when it finally syncs, this app rocks and that’s why i’m giving three stars. i want to love it, but please fix the syncing issues.
barely useable. it's a great idea, but too many features of the online version are not accessible on the app. perhaps the qb folks are working on upgrades
easy. easy to use, and has all the features i need to run my lawn care business. i recommend it to everyone. my only issue was getting my subscription paid for. i worked it out by calling customer service and they were awesome.
"like it so far.... i am glad they have a mobile app to support qb online. i have used the desktop version for years but hated having to upgrade all the time. one change i would make is when entering expenses, i would like a ""debit card"" button with the cash, credit and check buttons. i use the ""check"" button for them now."
hassled. having a negative experience trying to connect bank account. tried the right credentials and still not getting anywhere. waste of time.
crashes too much, stressful. doing accounting is difficult enough. why did quickbooks create an app that crashes and creates frustration then?!
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
love it. i love this app, just doing what i want
works well. this app is far better than the desk top program for mac. as a small business i have many more things i need to do than spending time learning a program. it allows easy access for my accountant and mobility for me!
ios 13 crash. an awful app that is made even less useful in ios13 because it just crashes straight after running.
portable. great app for running a business on the road. i wish it had progressive invoicing....but overall i am happy.
liars. they lie about the app and what u can do with it. run away fast.
love it. love the app, really intuitive!!! and great customer service!!!
amazing for small business!!!!!!. i started my service business one year ago and enrolled in quickbooks from day one. i can't rave enough about it! it's made tracking customers, invoices, and expenses so easy i can focus on my work instead of the accounting. still impressed and just in the process of adding payroll.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
good app. this is excellent for small businesses the only thing i think they should add is a quick way of entering vat on mileage money.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
a small business gem. for a small business with a limited budget, this is the best. i needed to prepare estimates/quotations to sell products. i already have 450 items in the system and will be adding 2,500 more, for a total of 3,000 possible configurations of our products. i can estimate using my computer, ipad or phone. i know it will be accurate and professional. (i'd like to print estimates with no itemized pricing for some customers, and also print with line item discounted prices shown, but maybe that will come with time). with time i will upgrade to the next level so that i can hand the estimating over to staff. i believe that because intuit made quickbooks online available to me and my small business that our company will migrate our whole business over to qbo over time. thank you intuit.
great app!!. just switched from quicken, and i don't know why i waited so long. qb is very versatile and comprehensive.
poor excuse for a very expensive app. for as expensive as their subscription service is, i expect much better from their mobile app. at current, about one out of every two photos for expenses disappears right after i take it. also, you can't bill an expense to a client via the app even if you have the overpriced subscription package that supports that function. i don't really use the app for anything else as i do all invoicing from the web interface (yes the desktop app for mac is just as bad as the iphone one). lastly, using it only one week i've already had an instance where the app didn't sync properly and lost some expense inputs. you can tell quickbooks is resting lazily at their position of industry lead.
6s (ios 9.x). it takes a while to learn the nuances of this app (and the online interface), but once you do, a decent enough experience awaits. note to devs: (1) the app freezes anytime you review added attachments (eg, receipts) when inputting expenses; and (2) users should be able to modify the method of payment when editing expenses (option currently unavailable) instead of having to delete and recreate the entry.
lots that's good but some inexplicable limitations. 1. can't click through to reports from dashboard eg unpaid invoices 2. in iphone and ipad version can't change or even see the p&l date period. important if you want to understand your dividend/tax position. otherwise it's pretty good. the tv marketing is targeted at tradesmen which is fine but it also works quite well with more complex business models. however, if your company is manufacturing and you need management accountancy information as a business management tool (as opposed to simple reporting to the tax authorities) this doesn't cut it. my accountant is suggesting using excel as a work around. better from within the package.
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
business owner. qb app is so hard to use and is different on every device. if you lose connection while creating an estimate/invoice etc. you will lose all info imputed and have to re-enter everything again
great for mobile small business !. we couldn't live without our quickbooks online mobile app! look up information and match bank transactions right away. would like to see more functionality for customer and vendor invoicing and billing options as well as filtering but overall a great, easy to use tool.
sold bookkeeping app. this app is solid, as intuit is, with most all of thier financial products. the mobile app has great functionality for data collection, basic financial reporting (p&l, bal., aging a/r), an all around great way to get real time info from staff in the field if your a service based biz on the go. if you need better aggregation of data on your organization you will have to look to custom reports. web portal features need to be made more accessible to mobil users. hoping to see more job costing/class fields, and reporting abilities in future updates to qb online mobile app on apple's app store.
printing receipts. how come you cannot print receipts on the app after you have put a payment through
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
having issues with iphone 11. after installing the app, and attempting to access it results in crashing.
app crash when opening. can not open app on my ipad version running on 9.3.5. this is last week of month and can not open app to print invoice for end of month. huge problem for me.please fix asap
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
why use the app when you it lacks the features of the website. you can’t change the status of in invoice on the app and must be done online only. this is a major flaw in the app. once i do my taxes i will no longer be using quick books, because of the enforced complexity the system is rendered mostly useless. the app needs to have complete functionality of the site.
awsome software. that is a great app but still far away from the desktop program .... limited access for a lot futures it's ok but not wow for the yearly cost
slick accounting app. just as the title says, very easy to use for on the go accounting and collaboration between accountants & ceo's
quickbooks online app. very simple use, efficient and stable. i have no complaints!
great app. i run my one person business on quikbooks and i am not a detail person. my clients comment all the time on the ease of payment!! love it love it
ease of use app. loving to use app on phone writing invoices.
app is not functional. the app is keep crushing on iphone xs max every time you i want to create new invoice. billion dollar company but cannot fix bugs for a few months already, its embarrassing.
iphone app switching companies. thank you so much for adding the ability to switch companies without logging out!! more likely to utilize iphone app now on the go 😊😊😊
brilliant mobile app. it has changed my life . i am able to do quotes in the run and save so much valuable time .
the mobile app is almost unusable. i have been a qbo user for more than a decade. it’s very obvious to the world that intuit has little or no care about being conscientious about their mobile apps. normal every day tasks such as creating a recurring transaction are simply missing altogether. as a multibillion dollar company, and totally neglecting customers with zero tech support nights or weekends, tells the entire story of corporate distain for clients they carry. it really is time to support start up accounting systems, that will cater to the real world needs of their clients. the axiom of large corporations being totally dysfunctional is so true in the case of intuit.
love it. done right. password defeats purpose of touch id and apple watch. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
awesome. this app is great and extremely helpful with my small business. it saves a lot of time and work. not only do i find it very resourceful but it's easy to use. customizing my invoices and estimates is probably the best part of the application aside from it allowing me to check my profit and loss. i recommend this app to any user, especially a business owner.
beware of the positive reviews. if you read the positive reviews they are all slanted to quick books online service as a whole. some of the comments do not even apply to the app. this app is one of the worst i have ever used i use quickbooks online and on my mac or through the web portal it does what i need it to do. i can't think of a single time i have used this app and it did not crash or have a fatal error.
perfect for my small business.. i run my own home improvement business and started using qb online and the app based on the recommendation of my bookkeeper. it's perfect for what i need. i use it to invoice customers on the spot, received payments instantly, then deposit the check online using my bank's app. year end i generate 1099s for subs and a p&l for my accountant. the snap shots and summaries keep me up to date with my business profitability. it is some of the easiest software i have ever used. i personally have not experienced crashes or bugs with it. the only limits are within my accounting experience. not the apps fault. i'm keeping it and would and have recommended it to friends and other small business owners.
crap!. can't create an invoice in the app that has cis? really? why not? so i can't do my invoices on the go?! rubbish app rubbish system! use another programme!
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
limited. as far as i can see it's not possible to enter expenses. given in many cases businesses have more outgoing transactions that incoming this is a critical weakness.
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
great app!. at first, i thought that this app was pretty clunky and i didn't enjoy using it. in the last couple of years or so, it has gotten considerably better. i really like using it now.
owner. app is very good and qbo is exceptional...except for a flaw which is critical to any business that attaches notes or comments to an estimate or invoice. this app only allows text notes to be attached to estimates/invoices on a mobile device. they cannot be viewed on a pc or mac which has to use the web browser. it is so frustrating because our office staff can only view the notes if they have a mobile device.there is no syncing between web and app you can't even create a note on a pc or mac. so much for cloud based.
timed out....... worked for 2 hours on typing big estimate, session timed out, lost everything, how is this able to happen? we send people to the moon in 1969 yet we can’t safeguard/prevent this app from wasting hard work and precious time. it’s the first time i thought i could throw my ipad into the next county. fix this stupidity
a1 app. i love this app ! i'm using it all day !
great app. love it! easier than the desktop version!
complicated interface, terrible customer service. i am not an accountant by any means, but i was hoping quickbooks online would be easier to use for us average joes. nothing about their program is intuitive- you are instead given loads of video tutorials and when that’s not enough you can call their sales department to get transferred to customer service (don’t try direct, it’s no use) who 9/10 times have thick foreign accents (which makes it even harder to understand the foreign accounting software) and if you’re lucky you get scripted answers with a side of sass. in my opinion, if your programming isn’t overwhelmingly user friendly you should at least have an overwhelmingly good customer service experience to give us all hope that we can, one day, figure it out. i am stuck with this program because my husband finds it easy enough to create and send an invoice, but unfortunately this leaves me to figure out the rest once a month. so all in all, thanks to quickbooks online our customers do know how much they owe us but as for the accounting, nobody knows what’s going on there.
good app. great app easy to use
i rely on online sync with my external banks. i'm disappointed the subscription i pay for is not mobile. i imagine it would take a lot of programming to include sync on mobile tablets but if it's already hosted on the server, why no access? i'm not a architect but i imagine outsourcing the sync hardware off the tablet you could get your current transactions on mobile . maybe i'm crazy
major issues. i'm having a lot of difficulty with quickbooks apps across all of my devices. i started with the trial, then subscribed before my trial ended for the discount- which appeared to go through fine. however-it didn't. my trail ended 2/10 and i've been trying to subscribe ever since. i was forced to subscribe from my mobile version since that's were i started the trial (which i thought was a little crazy ) when managing my subscriptions i see if finally took yesterday ( march 5th) however it didn't translate across all devises. i'm unable to manage anything because the subscription window keeps popping up-even though i paid. i love quickbooks, i chose quickbooks because they're a large company who should have the resources to fix any issues quickly! please help!!!!
missing basic function. the inability to create deposits is a huge flaw with this app. quickbooks defaults to receiving payments to undeposited funds - you would think that they'd remember that when creating an app.
happy with the app. i’ve used for quickbooks and the app for a year now and it has really helped my business and is a easy way to keep track of customers and quotes
everything i need at my fingertips. the app is great for my service business, especially when a prospective client calls needing immediate help. there is no need to head to my office to start a client file before billing them. everything can happen is seconds, on site, as they watch. and i can send them a receipt showing the balance paid before i back out of the driveway.
good by minor issues. works good in keeping up to date with customers and collections of money. sometimes has issues trying to log in.
great program. very user friendly and much better than the traditional one. love how easy it is to track all of my expenses and can just snap a picture of them. highly recommended!
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
affordable truck repair inc.. great app, makes it very easy for us to keep track of our books.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to re-input everything all over.... waste a lot of time
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
terrible customer service. my subscription got canceled unbeknownst to me due to a payment problem, updated my info and it just shows as “-$1” in my bank account and still says i need to update my subscription?! to top it off it kept saying there was an issue with my billing information and when i checked my account it showed several charges where i tried to resubmit the information when it said it wasn’t going through. i called the number provided, and it is one of the most frustrating processes i’ve had to endure. finally got to a human being and was told i had to be transferred and was on hold for an hour before i finally hung up! now i’m waiting and have had to do several jobs without quickbooks, extremely frustrating!!! will probably be looking into a new accounting/ invoicing program soon if this isn’t resolved.
excellent app. moved from xero to qbo and couldn't be happier
good app. good app, lacking functionality but this will improve in time.
so handy, but still so far to go. i do love this app. it allows me the mobile access to my accounts and transactions. if i have 5 mins, i simply log on and reconcile what i can. the web based interface is far superior to the app. i find the activity screen very difficult to interpret via the app. i hope development continues, and features are added as this could be a 5* app quite easily. i was a longtime mint user, but stepped away due to the unreliable data retention. with quick books online, i have found there have been some issues with duplicated transactions.
great accounting app. i have been using this app on multiple devices, so far the ipad version is the easiest to use.
love it. this app helps me keep my business organized on the go
this app is a business saver!!!. this is a must app for every business!
getting better. i can't live without this app. is not perfect but getting better. thank you for the improvements.
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
works great. good app. works great on the road for creating fast invoices on site. great companion app for quick books am dos fully functional.
great for my small business. integrates well with my online booking app and square reader. helps me to stay organized, spend less time doing administrative duties and more time to focus on what i love to do.
great app, very useful and always improving!. this app is the greatest tool in our businesses ability to streamline work, easy to use.
works well!. this app does what i need it to do. i'm an electrical contractor and i'm able to do all the bookkeeping myself with just a little help. i like the ability to make invoices on the job, enter receipts at stores, and view the status of customers. i would suggest this for any small business. i use the basic service ($10/mth) and it's well worth it.
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
a great start 5 stars once more features released. i remember when i used to hate quickbooks and especially their phone support. things very different now. i think freshbooks has set a standard in customer service that quickbooks is trying to match. the result? both firms offer first class tech support with freshbooks having the edge in ease of use but quickbooks offering more features. well done quickbooks huge improvement.
sales tax issues. the sales tax portion on this app has been broken and extremely frustrating to use for quite some time. i have been in contact with customer support a lot. in the end, after much wasted time with them i am always told they are aware of the problems and are working hard to resolve. 1 year later same problem exists. if you use this app in multiple areas with different sales tax rates - stay away as it will only cause problems! and qb will not make it right!
finally. finally intuit listened and added access to account registers to this app. now my accounting program tells me how much money i have, owe and are owed. thanks!! once the new online interface harmony is 100% compatible on mobile devices this app can finally go away for good.
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
app for small busines. fact, this app save me 11 hours a week in paper work period. great for small start up business
great upgrade. great apps. it would be the best, if i was able to enter a bill.
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
ceo. this is a really good app it has help our business in so many ways. it help boost our profit margin we have been able to close deals, and make invoices right on the spot. i recommend this for a lot of different business with quickbooks online.
worse update ever. finally you eat our petition to add calculator to the invoice keyboard and removed on this update? app freezes a lot
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
mobile app. you cannot check your inventory or edit invoices from the mobile app.
simple and easy. i find the app and the computer program simple and easy to navigate. i operate my small business using quickbooks and i am yet to have an issue.
app not working since update. normally i'd give the app 4-5 stars but every time i log in now it says sign in successful but there is no online account associated with the email and to start a free trial. however when i login from safari, i get in no problem. please fix as i am unable to access data from my phone.
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
quick books. great app
playback publishing. good accounting app
great wee app. i've had this app a few week very easy to work with.
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb- can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
iphone 7. ios 12.2. the app was okay with its limits. but now it won’t even open my company profile.
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the - key.
need price levels. this app is ok but it's been out for a while now and we still do not have pricing levels. it has been in the works according to qb for almost 2 years and we still don't have it plus i can't go back to desktop program because data will not import properly need something done asap. you raised the price but cant give us what we need!!!!
truly mobile accounting apps. i have tried for a few days and it give me an impression that i can finish all my accounting without going back to desktop. it use the camera of phone wisely.
good but has a few flaws. overall this app is great for its purpose but the biggest issue is the inability to add gst to invoices. it makes the app almost useless, unless you go out of your way to add the cost of gst as an extra line item in the invoice, but then you have to explain that to your clients which is not very professional looking. without that ability it's kind of just an expensive mileage and expense tracker (it is a good tracker though). i hope they improve this app a bit more because it could be perfect.
fantastic app for a superb product!!. i've been using quickbooks since i began my private voice and piano studio. i am able to easily track invoices and payments and send reminders to my students and their parents. the app has helped me save time when adding payments so i can focus my time on my students. i also love how i can send receipts and reminder invoices even when i am on the run! definitely a 5 star product & app!
worthless for these reasons. what we have come to expect from the monopoly of accounting software. it lacks a ton of features that make it unusable, while adding such worthless features as importing people's facebook profile pictures and posting to yelp! - really?! 1. you can't specify a sales rep on an invoice. 2. you can't enter a custom invoice number. 3. you can't specify whether or not to allow the recipient to pay online. 4. you can't specify a reference or po or custom field notation on an invoice. 5. the display for the recent invoices list, well, you have to see it to believe it - it looks like the periodic table spilled on your screen. 6. i could go on and on and on... why can't we just access the website through our ipad web browser? we wait years for this - how disappointing, but what do long-time users of intuit really expect? this is what happens when there is no competition.
awesome for first-timers!. i am a new business owner and so far this is working out quite well for me. i’ll start by saying i’ve never taken any classes on business or economics, and as far as employment goes over the course of my adult life i’ve held jobs that require enough knowledge of basic accounting/billing, computer/software, (and other skills of the like) to get by on common sense. when it comes to taxes— that’s a foreign language to me and filing every year has been pretty simple (no major deductions, write-offs, etc. to worry about other than claiming dependents), so turbotax is typically my go-to. that said, and with this all being new to me, i’ve found that quickbooks is surprisingly user-friendly and fairly easy to figure out. there are still a few things i look at and i’m like “huh?”, but the customer support is pretty on-point as easy to contact (and work with to get help from). most of the app interface is self-explanatory and the layout is easy to follow— it’s comfortable, for lack of a better word. initially, i was going to rate this app at 5 stars because i’m diggin’ it so far... but decided to go with 4 for one reason only— i wish there were more options within the app (as opposed to the online version accessed from a desktop/pc). too many times, i’ve found myself frustrated because something i want to (or need to) do requires you to log in and use the website and won’t allow the action from the app... and i can’t always get to a computer to do so. especially since i work in the service industry (not from home or in any other stationary place of business) and i’m always running around or on-site somewhere, so my phone is often all i have to work with. that’s it. other than that, it’s pretty awesome!
discussed. app would not download after several tries.
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscription-based model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
"problems with quckbooks subscription and access to using the app. the software itself has worked for me; however i have had problems with my quickbooks subscription billing from the beginning. at the moment i have a paid up subscription directly with quickbooks (not through the itunes app store) i spent about 45min either being on hold or attempting to resolve the problem with quckbooks customer service yesterday and when i open the app it still is only granting me ""read only"" access. now not only can i not invoice my customers to receive payments i am sitting on hold with an estimated 21min wait time at the moment. this is ridiculous!"
excellent application. this has been an excellent application for use in developing a new small consulting business. everything is captured and it produces clear reports. to date though, i haven't been able to find in the expense section the ability to make and register regular 'monthly payments' (such as regular monthly insurance payments which remain the exact same expense month to month). naturally that doesn't mean the app doesn't have this capability - perhaps i'm just a luddite who can't find it! however, it really is a great application, very easy to use and well worth the expense.
👍. excellent app!
no multi currency = useless. i enabled multicurrency on my quickbooks account, which you can not revert once applied. and now i find that when i log into the app, it won’t show transactions or customers that use anything other than my base currency. useless. utterly useless.
just need it to be reliable, that’s it. simply just opening the app and signing in is more trouble than needed in some days. qb has everything i need already. i’d rather have bank connections, signing in, viewing basic info, and all the basics work flawlessly than anything else.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotel/airfare/rental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
i'm super impressed. i'm really impressed by this app for both iphone and ipad. i just started using quickbooks online and it was pretty cool to see that the app allows most of the same functionality as the online mac application. i haven't yet found a critical limitation, although i suspect there are some. moreover, with an online subscription, this app is free.
a1. great saves money time talks to my accountant, does estimates, converts to invoice simple
great for small startup. just started using the app as the business grows it has been easy to track travel expenses and everything else we need to keep growing.
functions well again once in app, but touch id is broken. they seem to have fixed the functionality issues that arose last update within the app, but the touch id functionality that they said they fixed in the two latest updates still isn't working as it should. it only works when you switch apps, then go back to it. if you wait too long or close the app manually, it always requires that you re-log in with your password. this takes away the entire point of having touch id.
getting better all the time. still needs tweaking.. i use this app for my business every day, and the mobility is excellent. saves so much time in paperwork. i've been waiting for a couple of fixes for a long time: 1. there is no way to change whether a discount is before or after tax as in the desktop and ipad versions (it's locked to discount after tax and to change it requires logging in on another device to make the change). 2. i'd love to see a couple more report options, particularly invoices by month as on the ipad version. other than having to log in on another device for these things, it's solid and i'd encourage anyone in a similar business (service industry) to use this app.
count on almost $500/yr in subscription costs. intuit has been very smart about hiding needed features in higher sub plans. get going for a while and you’ll find you need the highest tier subscription. no thanks. hello wave accounting.
awful, just awful. doesn't even show taxes or vat, you have to log on with a desktop browser for that. wish i’d signed up for another accounting app.
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
beware: app & the company. i was recommended to get the quickbooks app for a client who turned out to be a scammer. i sent the scammer an invoice and sent a trusted client an invoice the same day. quickbooks quickly red flagged the scammers payment and requested that i verify my trusted client. there is no customer service for this app, email assistance only. when i finally got through to someone who could help me they assured me that my clients funds would be sent to my bank account. that was november 9. my client contacted her credit card company and was told that the quickbooks had already received her funds and because i had rendered the service would not refund her account. now i am told that i must wait until august 15, 2019 to receive the funds that my client paid me for my services rendered. this is a scam! i think that quickbooks is sending this scam out beware!
better than the others but still need to work. when it’s working it’s working great. i’ve tried a couple different systems and quickbooks is by far the best with invoicing and estimates and excepting payments which is why the rating goes as high as four stars but it often crashes because i think it tries to do too much. also there is no way to change when the system starts counting days past due. you can set it for net 15 net 30 or whatever but it will start counting from when you create the invoice not when you send it. for me i create an invoice on monday and continue to add through it throughout the week and i send it on friday so by that point it already says it is past due five days so i have to set it as net 15 just to not make it scream at me
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotel/airfare/rental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
small business - excellent app. my experience so far with qb online and the apps have ben excellent so far. the website and apps have seamless integration and connects to your banking accounts easily for reconciliation. pros simple, easy to use (and working) app and web pages that allows easy customisation future development suggestions would love to be able to add/edit photos for items on device/app and not just on web-page a customisable item for unique items such as surcharges (% of sales based) would be good as well. no regrets with the subscription.
useless. i have used qb online for many years, and i’m very happy with it. the app is useless to me though, since the interface is way too limited. for example, one good use for it would be to enter receipts on the fly, but much to my disappointment i couldn’t do something as simple as to pull up a list of accounts to assign the cost to. entering receipts would be a perfect use for a mobile app, but i simply can’t do it correctly. i mean, what did intuit really think it was going to be used for? also, the payment methods i have set up in qb online are not available in the app, all you see is credit, check or cash. it seems like the app doesn’t synch fully with your online info, which makes you wonder what kind of mess it can create in your bookkeeping. strangely enough, when i started the app it said that it was synching with my data, but it appears that this was just the basic data and none of my personal account settings. it’s entirely possible that i have missed some of the finer details, but they really messed up the app by making the interface so different from the computer based online version. having to learn and keep up with two versions is just too cumbersome for a small business owner like me, so this app is now deleted. calling it a bookkeeping app is grossly misleading, since it’s so limited.
half functionality. i’m a long time quicken user. i switched to qbo at the urging of my new bookkeeper. i’ve been extremely disappointed with the lack of reports, lack of ease of use and basic functionality. yes, you can generate and send invoices electronically. but you can’t generate a report that shows all expenses assigned to a specific client. how can you make sure all expenses are on the invoice without an easy way to double check? my bookkeeper says she can figure out work arounds for most things qbo doesn’t do. imo it shouldn’t require work arounds to get to basic functionality.
great app. i wish there was a way we could charge credit cards that are already on file
unable to access quickbooks through ipad. everytime time i try to access the quickbooks it says i need to verify first my login which can be verified by sending an email. when i choose this option it says the time has ran out and goes back to the login menu. i am able to get in through the web but never in the app
new update has stopped my app from working!!!. since the update i now can’t accept anything or change anything!!! the only thing i can do it add the expenses!!!! sort it out please!!!!!
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
great system easy to use. one year with qbo now ! and still i have nothing bad to say there are still some things that need to be integrated into the app like if your customer pays you 50$ and owes you 200$ the app won't let you add the payment from banking. but the qbo on my desktop will. there are some other things like not being able to have customers send me work orders and some small minors that i can live with out. all over all i give quickbooks online and the app a 5 star for simplifying my life as a business owner.
unprepared and unknowledgable. as an app developer myself, i'm thrilled with the desktop experience however i was looking forward to using the mobile benefits of this app and have yet to be able to. ios9 and this app are not compatible and the app crashes when downloading company data. i understand ios9 is new but it has been out to developers (like intuit) for months and they were still not prepared. customer support then has no information on when it will be updated and claimed there is no known issue. very disappointed and losing trust by the day.
what a bad program to help manage your business. you may be better off with paper and pen than to use this program. when i began using mainly the mileage portion i was pleased with what i assumed was a working app. i was able to enter travel between customers by entering a location or tapping the gps starting point and on completion of the trip i would hit the destination gps button which filled in the address. unfortunately, the app doesn’t alway provide the distance. the next problem was i could not save the trip because the distance showed 0 miles, getting out of the app without saving caused me to loose all the data for that part of my day. i just found out the data you have collected does not transfer to quickbooks, so what good is this app. i’ll bet you think that’s all, we’ll it isn’t, now when i try to stop my subscription of only three days, i have found no helps to cancel this terrible app and stop this painful ordeal. somebody please help me get out of this with out some kind of mental breakdown!
"there photo above shows signature capture, it does not have it. no signature capture update : response to developer 8-5-17 puzzled ? as am i 🙄 i called in 4 times about this ability to capture signatures first time i called the customer service person tells me, no we dont have that no you cant. then i asked why is it your help center data base clearly stating plain as day instructions on how to. 1. create new invoice 2. enter all needed information 3. click on the capture signature. also not to mention the fact the screen shot here in apple app store for quickbooks clearly shows a signature being captured. so after lots of back and forth tells me this is a new and quickbooks company doesn't tell them (customer service) what quickbooks os doing. what!? got off the phone didn't want to waste anymore of my time. round 2 call customer service tells me that its not capable of capture signatures, then after guided her to your help center where it clearly states how to puts me on hold then comes back and says that its new and there and there implementing it in in phases !? and my account number is part of phase 3 and would add the capture signature button in 3 weeks. ugh ok i guess i can understand that. round 3 called in again she also tells me no its not possible explained my last call with customer service and stated i was checking on the the update phase. after explaining the last call i had to this customer service rep. she was more bewildered than prob you are right now reading and she to was left puzzled as was i. then proceeded to put me on hold to research. comes back tells me yes you can but only if you have a merchant services account through you. hmm thats odd i thought. she tells me that the signature capture is for payment credit card. so i proceeded to explaining a plain signature capture by a customer on an invoice. she proceeded to tell me no unless you have a merchant account. ok fine over, but before i got off i guided her to the help area in quickbooks if you search how to capture signature. it clearly says so and what she told me didn't match with what was posted on the help area. which is capture signature---available on invoices and estimates. now if your estimate is being signed i didn't know you had to have a merchant account and i didn't know thats industries standard to run a credit card transaction off of an estimate. in the end puzzled as you are and pretty much moving on to another service unless you can find someone that knows what exactly is going on over there at quickbooks. that i will end up speaking too someone that knows what there doing and what there talking about, i will not call and waste more of my time . and by the way your web browser version of quickbooks online on a mobile device does not load correctly the right side is cut off making the invoices or anything you do on there useless im on an ipad 12"" pro. doesn't matter what browser you use same prob, try using the app instead but cant as it lacks all the features the browser version does. so any way you cut it. no signature capture something so simple to do. please let me know what you think of all that, im trying to be helpful here as i expect better from quickbooks your industry see your help instructions below capture signatures using quickbooks online for mobile open a new or existing estimate or invoice. add any transaction info, as usual. select get signature. let your customer sign with their finger. they can always clear it and sign again. select done (android) or save (iphone/ipad). you'll see the signature on the estimate or invoice. it's that easy! update: 7-27-17 there is no signature capture on invoices even though they tell you there is there is not. it only applies through tak ing payment by credit card transaction through quickbooks. something that is so basic to business the leading book keeping company can not provide. walk into customers store drop product they sign the invoice received! thats it! nope not quickbooks so pass them up. plus thats not counting time hours and hours of lousy customer service and back and forth till they finally fessed up to it. don't waste your time."
well thought out. truly like the app now. i can import names from my iphone and do many of the things i can do on a main computer. i’d like to see them allow the entering of bills on the app. i’d use that all the time.
keeping my desktop version. i have used quickbooks since 2001. so i love quickbooks. save a lot of time on accounting side of the business. when i was making the move from a windows based laptop to apple (ipad) for my mobile business, i found this app to be very low on features. simple tasks like sorting a list, inventory, and reports were poor and lacking. the online monthly subscription is a joke. you have to opt for a more expensive subscription to gain features that still pale to the desktop version. long term, it's cheaper to buy the real program. plus all your personal financial and customers info won't be out in the web as much. the web version of this app does not inner exact well with a ios web browser. that being said, i bought a windows based tablet and install my desktop quickbooks. i have no monthly fee and i have all my info not floating around on the web.
works great. really like the functionality of the app. having it available no matter what device i want to use is a real time saver.
cost. does this app cost anything, i am a small business, i haven’t made a profit yet, and don’t have much money, any help?
great app. love this app. it makes running my business easier.
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
perfect for a small consulting firm. this app is everything i need for my consulting firm. easy to use and easy to keep track of expenses on the road. invoicing is a breeze. love the data in the cloud. take a pic and throw away those receipts! works flawlessly between my pc, mac, ipad and iphone. only gripe is the ipad & phone versions are not as similar as one would expect.
amazing. this app is a life saver! started my own hvac company in march of 2015 and this is the only app i use for keeping track of finances, invoicing, payroll and taxes. it really makes running my business as easy as possible! love it, thanks quickbooks!!
great app. great app. only wish that it had payroll on it.
great app. i love this app
unclear and sneaky. nowhere in the app did it say that i needed a different product if i’m self-employed. so i signed up and paid for my first month without knowing that it wasn’t the right one. i’ve paid double the amount i needed to and not even used it and never will use it. a waste of money. not happy at all.
great app. i love quickbooks online as well as the mobile application for iphone and ipad. i basically run my business from my tablet and smart phone. we truly are living in the future.
where are the invoices??. what is the point of an accounting app that does not show supplier invoices? dreadful. support was as helpful as a chocolate teapot too ...
pretty good. although the online version of qb leaves quite a lot to be desired (having used the desktop version for 15 years, the so-called all singing and dancing online version is still clearly a beta version!) but this is very handy when i'm on the move, although i don't understand why the fingerprint access works only part of the time, i.e. i logged in (with password), used the app for some minutes, then answered the phone, only to have to log back in with password again within 2 minutes, yet yesterday, having not used the app for several days it was happy for my fingerprint! inconsistent!? does have useful map facility and shows clients addresses, nearest to furthest away if planing a day in the road!
easy for someone who knows nothing like jon snow. i hate book keeping. more than anything in life. i have been forced to do booking keeping for reasons i won’t go into but i digress. i have quick book pro and self employeed. i suggest you get this app and or cloud based software in the start of the year. it’s easier to move bank info over. i won’t go into how great qb pro is since this review is not about that product. this app is amazing for on the go work and tracking. it makes my life so easy. i can track everything and send it to my accountant easily
needs work. glitches, freezes all the time, constant updates asks me to review app while i'm using app so annoying
great app. quickbooks online allows me to work from home easily. i have only had some minor hiccups but nothing to give it a bad review. very pleased with the software.
"app good but needs better features. the application is fairly reliable. there are many features such as ""shipping date"" and special fields not accessible from ios devices which make the app less useful than it should be. also, since the new chip credit card reader came out, it is still incompatible for payments in quickbooks. good but should be better. it is a great product for real time customer service but has a way to go before being excellent."
great app. this app makes keeping up with everything so simple!
great app. this app has been a life saver for organizing my small business. i can track all of my finances as i go without worrying about carrying recipes and forgetting things. i highly recommend this to anyone is business.
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
so close. please add the ability to create sharable links to invoices from the mobile app. that would be incredible
too expensive. i do to want to pay for s subscription , i just want to buy the software
quick books app. have been using quick books app for my business for a few months now, and i am very impressed with the package, as it's great value for money. i enjoy being able to use the app on my phone as it offer all the services that i need to be able to quickly raise and send invoices and pull up important info.
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
stop downloading.. i have redone load company data every time i log on the app which can take hours, and essentially makes the apps convenience useless.
not working properly after update. i just updated the app and now every time i try to edit an invoice it forces me to refresh the invoice and i lose my changes. the pin number does't work, i added it again and made sure it is turned on, but i have to sign in with my username and password each time. it worked perfectly on the last update.
update google sign-in never works. update: quickbooks support contacted me. i uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it works now. --------- i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google sign-in. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
what, no zero star option?. great job with touch id and your lousy payroll app. everything this company does is garbage. tells you about the sad state of affairs in financial software if quickbooks is even an option to have to use.
fantastic app. love that you can attach photos on the fly!
great app really does work for my business. really easy to do my accounts and invoices.
qb review.. great program. not able to print checks from app or change the total without adding all the line items amounts. i.e. estimates with multiple amounts as different options on the same estimate.
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multi-user access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
great app. allows me to invoice on the fly. easy to get things done. i don’t have to be home to do them.
awesome app!. great product, has everything our small business needs, saved us a lot of time transferring from one program to this. reconciliation is a dream, so simple and easy to work out. have had no issues whatsoever and am very happy with the change over, has made life so much easier. 👍 thank you
perfect for construction guys. i'm always running from job to job and the mobility to give estimates and invoice is on the spot is priceless... plus the customizable terms for each builder/customer with the added alerts helps me stay on top of receivables
like the app. i find the app to be very useful in the field. unfortunately since the latest update adding new customers seem to slow the app down and to a crawl. wish there was a way to get that bug fixed
great. great app
not bad, not great. i recently switched to quick books online and i really love the full online version. it's not too bad on the ipad, though a bit limited. the iphone version really annoys me with its limited capabilities. really nice for entering expenses on the fly, but not so easy for on the fly estimates or invoices. still better than my old system and im sure some of its shortcomings are user based.
signed out. every time i launch the app i have been signed out due to critical updates. i sign back in and before i can even pull up an invoice i have been signed out again. if i switch to another app and switch back i am signed out again. sometimes when i switch back into the app i’m left with a blurred screen and have to force close the app and relaunch which again signs me out. this is getting ridiculous and hurting my work flow extremely. the mac os app isn’t any better either.
very easy and great!. i'm not a accountant but i found this app and the software great
doesn’t work with ios13. just updated ios 13 app doesn’t load. even after deleting and re-adding.
great updates and really user friendly. all works better than before and integrates brilliantly. makes understanding our financials a doddle!
"awesome app/tool. although i rate it 5 star, there's much improvement that can be made on creating ""invoices"" definitely needs more options and versatility. needs more custom ability in modifying the invoice into something fitting to each customer. overall, keep up the great work and adding new custom features."
great. great app!!
crashes all the time and there’s no way to ask for help.. this app crashes every time i update my iphone, even when i update the app. don’t even bother trying to contact qb about it, they’ll tell you to uninstall and reinstall (like you don’t know) and then that’s about the extent of their support.
find someone else.. their help desk refuses to speak to the actual person who handles my business books and wanted to do nothing more then waste my time when i have business to run! square is looking even better! 11/20/19 updated response to quickbooks. the person was on the account and had full access. again wasting time and money and horrible customer service.
amazing product. great product for a small company. combining quickbooks online with the phone app is a great tool. being able to look up customers, create invoices, email invoices anywhere you want. i am also excited to be able to pair qb online payment with this also. all in all it's a great product for a great price so many things you can do with it.
it was barely ok to start with!. i had used quickbooks for several years and then went to the online version. i liked the features it had, but really didn’t like the 600.00 a year fee. for the most part it worked, but never all of the time. then when they raised the subscription price to 720.00 a year, that was it. i said good bye and found another program. no regrets!
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
"owner. intuit has lost me with their latest products. this is completely useless to me. i wanted to enter checks we write as we go. seems simple enough. the system wants to use the next check number which is unnecessary, especially since it can't find it in my data and won't accept the one i entered. it gives me an error an tells me to do it through my computer which ""should solve the problem"". so tell me again what i am gaining by having this piece of crap app? useless!"
great app. i was reluctant to make the switch to online, but now i'm glad i did! app is awesome and quick. great for small businesses.
useless app for working in qbo. only found 2 reports available through the app. can’t “drill” into figures on the 2 reports provided. cannot access expenses on coa can’t really get any work done.
great app. i use this everyday! wouldn't want any other invoicing company
very nice app. very easy to use and make my all estimates and invoices very smooth and keep the updates very soon
not so good. i use the web based app and love it. the ipad & iphone app is not all that. i think qb should include a dashboard for the iphone & ipad.
good stuff. so good to know i have everything i need to know for my customers and about my customers in hand all the time. mahalo!!!!!
pretty but not functional. it's bizarre how the graphics continue to be improved but the functionality doesn't. i've been trying to use this app for years but the features i need on the go are missing such as timekeeping. mostly this app seems to work a lot like you would imagine quicken mobile to work, by being able to look up past banking transactions. but i can do that on my banking apps for free already.
quickbooks. quickbooks has been absolutely amazing overall. main issue is customer service and their ability to provide customer support for the app. i was required to ph 3 different numbers, one being out of service. once i finally spoke to csr he was extremely friendly but did state they haven’t been provided proper training to assist with app related issues but would do his best to help. i would upgrade to 4 or 5 stars if they provide a user friendly option for support.
great for my simple business. i love quickbooks online and would give it 5 stars except i send many estimates, invoices and sales receipts by email and frequently they are not received and unless i follow up i do not know they were not received. when it is sent i need the satisfaction it will be received. again i love the program.
quick books. great app
flawed. i am going to reinstall the old app. the new app will not allow me to add a customer from my phone's contact list.
app doesn't work. since updating this a couple of days ago, can't open the app at all. please sort!
terrible customer service. customer service is a complete joke, i rang up the number for helpline on the app (which was one of two help options) only for the guy to talk for five minutes then tell me he couldn’t help me because i am self employed. i thought quickbooks was aimed at self employed individuals and if you can’t phone up for help why on earth is there a phone number suggested while i am signed into my account looking for help? useless, subscription cancelled.
this makes business owner life that much easier. i love this app, intuit is the best period. i also have mint app but this is easier for me as a business owner as weird as it may sound
love this app!!. i love how easy to use this app is but my only problem is that i can't sync it with my company's ocbc account and my shopify's store's inventory.
very pretty but lacks functionality i need. the two main things i would like to be able to do with this app aren't possible. 1) i want to look up my open/unpaid bills to suppliers and see how much is outstanding. the suppliers section only gives me their contact details??? who decided that would be useful?? 2) i want to look up the employees/payroll section to verify payroll info. this isn't there. thankfully i don't need to do create invoices from the app - i can't do it without access to my extensive pricing list (have to just enter an amount). i also can't do any of these things in the ipad app, nor by logging to the webpage from my phone. i need an actual computer to do it. i have found that i can look at my profit and loss graph. it's very pretty. but doesn't help with day to day running of my business. whoever is in charge of designing the functionality of this app - i seriously hope they will be making some changes in the future.
brilliant mobile app. it has changed my life . i am able to do quotes in the run and save so much valuable time .
does the job. great app for fast results
user friendly. works great!. great app for running a small business. easy to use for estimates, invoicing, accounts receivable, etc. can't wait to integrate it with our payroll to make billing for labor even easier. highly recommend.
almost impossible to back up data. beware... intuit has made it almost impossible to back up your data. to back up on a windows machine (backup isn’t possible with the app), you have to install internet explorer, which is now an outdated browser. then you have to disable all security on the browser and install an active x control. then you have to sign into qbo using this insecure browser and request a download. the first time i did this it took hours to get it to work right. the download kept going into a “virtual directory” that couldn’t be accessed. i eventually learned that this is how windows protects you from sites that don’t have up to date security (ahem... intuit). this can only be “fixed” by disabling all security protections on the browser. so much for the “bank level security” that intuit promises. and each time i do a backup i have to reinstall the active x control through a laborious process involving completely uninstalling the qbo program. since qbo has a near monopoly in accounting they really have no incentive to make their products work properly. they don’t want you to have your data and can’t be bothered to create a modern download process. the thing that can be done with a click on your bank’s website requires hours of frustration with qbo. come on intuit get this fixed!
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipad/iphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
nonexistent customer service. i have had some very poor experiences with quickbooks desktop versions. the product itself is generally fairly good but customer service is ridiculous. so when i was looking for a accounting program to use on the smart phones, i was reluctant to go with quickbooks after using three different companies and having a good experience with fresh-books. in the end i only went with quickbooks because the they were the only ones who had a canadian payroll system available. so far a horrible mistake. i signed on with my credit card to turn my trial basis into a regular subscription, complete with printed receipt. now it is still not giving me what i paid for and warning me that my trial period is about to end. that in itself is annoying, but trying to actually contact a real person in their customer service is virtually impossible. in comparison to when they were trying to get me to sign on and were phoning me personally. so my recommendation is to go with anybody but quickbooks. oh, and if there's an actual person who works for quickbooks, my invoice number is b1–7383544. in case you actually want to fix this disaster.
drat! not even close. this has no more functionality than the mobile ap, very disappointing! access to the banking tab & registers to make and receive payments, along with access to the entire vendor tab & reporting would be helpful. i am not sure why intuit focused its efforts on creating an app that imports images & info from social networking sites intead of focusing on making better functionality of what it actually takes to run a business.
tax problem in hong kong. i mostly use it to do my expenses, now with this update, they force me to input tax. but there is not tax here in hong kong. didn’t have the problem before. i don’t know how long they need to fix that. 👎🏻👎🏻
amazing app for a small or medium business. very user friendly. don't have to be an account to enter data, app allows you to do everything on the go.
finger print capable. you can now log into the app using your finger print
horrible application with brutal customer service. i am a current customer with this product and it is complete crap. the office is never open, they cancel your service with no follow up, their online instructions are so far out of date that it is impossible to make corrections...it is an absolute waste of money and time. grow up and fire all of the management staff, they are completely lost in the high tech aspect of life but they have lost the high touch. they are completely out to lunch. idiots
not as god as desktop or web access. i’ve been using quickbooks online for over a year and while it’s ok, it’s really lacking in a lot of areas. also, the mobile app can not perform a variety of common tasks that the computer app and web interface can do. for instance, i cannot edit certain invoices on mobile if they have expenses included. once an expense is added to an invoice, only the desktop app or web interface can edit it. also, as many have said, if you’re used to the traditional quickbooks pc or mac software which has been available for many years, the hosted version can be difficult to adjust to. it’s not capable of everything the older software can do, and a separate paid subscription is required for every company file you maintain. i am self employed with fairly simple invoicing needs, and i still have to use the most expensive subscription in order to simply link expenses to invoices. the hosted services leave a lot to be desired, but they do have som me positives as well. for instance, i’m able to provide my outside tax accountant with web access to my company data 24/7 from anywhere. that’s probably a big time saver for me and many other small businesses.
great product. just different then the desktop. no one likes change. i used the desktop version for over 18 years. i was not sure i would like the web interface, but the app and web are awesome. this product is great for many reasons. i love that it is integrated with my bank and there are no fees. i love that i can swipe and receive a payment while at a client. i love that on my phone i can pull up my entire client list and past invoices. this is huge. i just love it. i'm very happy that i made the change.
organized. been in business for 20 years and been using this app for a year. love it. still lots beyond my abilities and i wish there was a little more help in the app for the accounting inept like me but i just bring the app to my accountant and they can pull all the data needed. recommend it. see sales, cost, accounts receivable at any given moment.
my experience has been mostly positive. with quick books based upon the fact that i only use the basic service for sending out invoices. biggest problems have been not being able to sign in a couple of times and having had both good and bad experiences with help desk personnel. i use 2 accounting apps. square, which i run all cash, credit cards, gift cards and tax based revenue through. quick books is only used for my non-taxable customers who get invoices and pay by check. this keeps things simple for me as square is hardly ever any problem and i have workarounds with quick books when problems arise. since qb handles no money for me they cannot hold my business hostage at any time. and since both programs have numerous reports this also makes my tax requirements easy.
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me.
limited and buggy. there are too many features not included to make the app any use.
switching between account requires logout and login. so annoying, especially since there is no support for touch id. why can't you let us switch from within the app?
makes handling my business easier.. enjoy the invoice and payment features and reports, plus the app. makes my life much easier.
not worth the effort. absolutely horrible experience. we had qb before so now we have two accounts and they are interfering with one another. sat on hold forever and finally got instructions to cancel the oldest acct. went through all the instructions to where i’m suppose to select cancel or cancel trial and that option isn’t even a choice.
couldn’t be worse. worst customer service out there. pulled money out of my account when they made a mistake.
need fingerprint login. quickbooks is critical to our business but the mobile app slows us down. every time you open the app on an iphone even if it's protected with the password you still have to type in your quickbooks password. since we use strong passwords for our quickbooks online it is very annoying to have to keep retyping that on the app. why doesn't allow us to use the fingerprint sensor? when you take a picture of a receipt and then accept it, qb still leaves it in your photo stream so you have to go in and manually delete it. also it's very annoying to have to search for account names and vendor names instead of typing a few characters in the box and having it auto complete the entry. to enter a receipt on the fly takes about two minutes total instead of 30 seconds.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
couldn't perform like we do without. great app!!!! highly recommended. tracks and categories everything with moderate input from you. great on tax day!
great app -- easy to use. enough said. it helps me keep track of my invoicing as well as my expenses. great for small businesses.
app doesn’t get updated with the website!. this is most ridiculous app! it doesn’t get updated with the website! they charge you $40.00 per month with no resolution in the near future.
flawed. i am going to reinstall the old app. the new app will not allow me to add a customer from my phone's contact list.
so much potential... so little delivered!!!. such limited information available to users, can't even see a list of invoices due by customers or bills due to suppliers... i can look up their phone number and address but that's what i thought the contacts app was for... intuit, pull your finger out of your proverbial and actually write an app that does something... can't see expenses unless i enter them with my phone. the ipad version is the same, no excuse for that, it's not like the screen isn't big enough or anything. i'm sure a 12 year old with limited spending money could write and match this app for functionality. yep, i'm disappointed with this...
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
can't tap anything when looking at an individual transaction. banking > new transactions > view transaction let's you see what quickbooks added but doesn't let you edit anything.
too many glitches. i love quickbooks and i love that they have an app but there are a lot of glitches in the performance. the screen goes blurry, logs you completely out of the system inconveniently, customer list is unlined with the screen, there are more but minor.
app won't open after latest update! please fix asap!. app won't open after latest update! please fix asap!
"too many missing features. can't add time entries, even simple ones, have to pay (a lot) for a third party app. not acceptable for a single user company that doesn't sell products, only time that needs to be tracked. can't view current ""sales"" status of unbilled items. can't email myself receipts and have them automatically entered as expenses bank transactions that i've excluded keep showing up. again and again. i'd like to configure away unused modules/functions from the menu"
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
missing too much functionality. basic features like looking at an account are missing. my chart of accounts are listed but clicking to view transactions says this account not viewable in the mobile app.
don't update the app!. i updated the app this morning and similar to other reviews, i can't use touch id. i have to enter in password every time. i'm unable to save a payment to an invoice also. hoping this gets resolved soon. previous version was flawless.
awesome app. feature rich and also user friendly
"horrible - cannot sign in - customer support is a joke. do not waste your time or money. i ""upgraded"" from my quickbooks 2009 simple start (which i loved) to a monthly subscription for the quickbooks online simple start version. for the last 2 weeks, i cannot sign on using the windows app. it keeps telling me that the password is wrong. it is not! i know my password! i went ahead and changed the password to attempt to gain access. even after going through that process, it will go to the sign in and i enter the new password and it will still not let me in and it continues to tell me that it's the wrong password. everything works fine on my iphone and ipad pro apps and the web browser version. i still need in to the windows app version though. there are things that can be done there that cannot be done anywhere else. when you search for a tech support number online, i was given a toll free number (855-633-1777) that was answered by foreigners who look up my account and then tell me that they can certainly help me but the tech support is a pay service and i will need to pay them! what? i do pay every month. you want me to now pay you to be able to sign in to your system that is not working. this is not an error on my end!! when i refused to give my credit card information, he refused to help me and literally cussed me! i found another number for quickbooks customer support (800-488-7330). it is ridiculous the hoops you must jump through just to find a phone number for these goons that i am paying for a service that i cannot use because their app is messed up!!! the man that answered the phone this time was at least a us citizen that could understand my clear english and i did not have to repeat me email address 6 times and spell it three times like the first phone number. however, he was certainly a complete jerk with an arrogant attitude of, you need me, i don't need you! this guy was absolutely impossible to talk to. after a few minutes, he muted the phone on his end and pretended to hang up on me. i waited for about 4 minutes but he was not going to stop playing his games. i finally had no choice but to hang up because he clearly wasn't going to assist me. i tried calling back but now it was after hours and they were closed! this has not been the best 2 weeks with intuit quickbooks. i do not get aggravate easily and i never write reviews. but i am very aggravated now and i will write reviews for days if it will help to keep someone else from going through this nightmare with this company that very clearly has no concern for it's paying customers."
latest update breaks button controls. the latest version of quickbooks won’t allow bank transactions to be accepted or modified. none of the button links work.
groupe tcr. enfin un app pour pme sur mesure qui est sur la route la plupart du temps j'ai changer pour le desktop a web et je le regrete pas, fantastique
owner. great mobile app, keeps my company on the move!
great app. for my business is been really helpful app. i'm a painter contractor, check job all day, if i need to send estimates and invoices now i can do it on the road.
no app support for time activity. come on quickbooks! no time activity entry in the app?! ridiculous!
great app but could use some improvement.. this is a great application to have access to while on the go. if it would update the profits and losses more accurately than i believe this would be well worth 5 stars. overall a great app.
it's ok but don't get the most basic package. it's a vast improvement on another app i tried but the most basic pack makes me want more, upgrading now if i can so recommend you start with a higher grade package rather than the cheapest.
love the new app. 5 stars
works good, but could be better. the app has good functionality but is missing some key aspects of the online system. the app doesn't do payroll or purchase orders which is limiting. purchase orders would make it almost perfect.
very limited, worthless. when i'm on the road, i need to enter deposits my office makes into various accounts, i need to enter receipts into registers, and i need to reconcile bank accounts. not only does this app prevent these very basic functions, if i attempt to access their web site through a browser on my ipad, qb online has chosen to prevent me to do this by routing me to a separate site that is designed to significantly limit my ability to do anything worthwhile.
last update killed this app. tiny bit better. i can't even.... will wait for the next update g to then i can't use it. after update today it works better. still not working right makes me log in every new session.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
great app!. super convenient to track all my business transactions on the go. recent updates have made it much easier and more features are accessible.
app issue. i've been using the quickbooks app for over 6 months and it worked fine. now, for the past week the app will not let me access my company data or the data is incorrect after multiple reinstalls. this is very aggravating and qb's customer support stated it's an ios issue. please correct this issue asap. thank you
almost right. love the quickbooks online app. use it on both my iphone and ipad--very easy to generate quotes on-site. just wish it allowed me to do purchase orders!
saves time = saving money. great way to save time in keeping track of your business expenses and income. worth every penny for me saves me about 4-8 hours a week in managing my books and business.
get the updates right!!. app was a solid 4 stars before the most recent updates. extremely frustrating to use now....especially for the price.
can not do custom invoice numbers. the app can not do custom invoice numbers. i have had the app for two months and paying the monthly fees and have not been able to send out my first proper invoice. i have asked support and they come back with instructions to go to certain settings that do not exist on the app. 11/8/17 update. i’m still having issues with the quickbook app. it appears they should not have released an app at all. it doesn’t do much and will not even reconcile with the main online version. i just had an invoice that was overdue and incorrect show up and when i tried to delete it the app came up with and error telling me it could not be found and to check with the online version. i’m doing business from the app and now i find out it doesn’t even match the online system. it is a disaster. i use the free software called wave before and never had these kind of issues.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website - which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
touch id still doesn't work. they said they fixed touch id but if you do not use the app for a while it prompts you for a password every time still. app works pretty well otherwise for quick checking of accounts and expenses. actually putting expenses and/or invoices can be a little cumbersome. i'd rather use everything online.
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
service after the sale is nonexistant!. i’ve been trying to get incorrect billing corrected for almost a month now. customer service directs me to my sales rep and the sales rep no longer responds to emails from me or his coworkers in customer service. try waveapps...it seems to be comparable to the simple start plan and it’s free!
app is changed for the worse. i am not sure when this happened, but the app is now useless and does not have the functionality it used to have. i now need to do everything on computer. not good.
great app. this does everything i need it to do!
app closes out while entering expenses. the majority of the time this app is wonderful. on a regular basis it will completely close out and i will lose the transaction i’m in the middle of. i’ve continually notified intuit about this since the problem started in april of 2019. the consistent response is that they close out the ticket same day and never respond or research the issue. today i’m told that they no longer have a department to help customers with the app. now i’ve just recently renewed my annual subscription so i’m out that money because this product is unreliable.
not happy with this. i've used quickbooks for years and have several corporations that i handle on the program. i'm also computer literate and have been a quickbooks tester in the past i'm not happy that it took me a whole day to download and set up payroll and still haven't figured out how to print reports for my customers or check for that matter
great. great app. love all the online offerings!
not there yet. i run multiple entities through qbo, and have a very large volume of transactions that need to be classified/matched through the online bank transactions screen. the app does not allow for classification or matching of transactions, which is all i really want to be able to do while i'm on the go. until this functionality is added the app is useless to me.
not a good app. too many bugs.
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
needs more functionality. time tracking capabilities are missing which make this unusable for me, forcing me to use the online version which defeats the purpose of this app. it doesn't really make sense to release an ios version that can only do a portion of the tasks.
fantastic. i love this app! it's very useful
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
quickbooks app. last update is much better. use for day to day operation and quick entries.
we be removing from my ipad. while it allows you to look at a couple of reports, the entries do not link to account activity, making the app useless for me. i will be removing it from my ipad.
buggy. obviously the desktop version is great. but, the portability of the online version makes it convenient. the mobile app is very buggy and very frustrating to use. for example when adding a payment to an invoice, once you click 'save', there is no way out but 'back' therefore the transaction looks like it was undone. but wait - it wasn't even though it still looks incomplete. these types of issues and lack of updates to fix them make me angry when i then have to pay $26 a month for something i can't even use for the way it was intended - mobile.
left hand doesn't know the right. when i switch from logging in online to the ipad or iphone, the app doesn't seem to be updated with the new information. case in point, my credit card was hacked so i had to update my account info on all my subscriptions that used that number. i received a notice form qb that my account was suspended. apparently it isn't possible to update the subscription info from the app, so i did it online. now when i open the app it still says my account is suspended. one of many glitches that exist between the app and the online experience. needs to be streamlined! also requires too many clicks to achieve objectives. frequently crashes when trying to import a customer.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
quickbooks online. i really like the app, but it is very pricey.
"like it so far.... i am glad they have a mobile app to support qb online. i have used the desktop version for years but hated having to upgrade all the time. one change i would make is when entering expenses, i would like a ""debit card"" button with the cash, credit and check buttons. i use the ""check"" button for them now."
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
president. this is a great app to use wherever you are. it actually works better on my ipad better than my computer in my office. i completely recommend this app and quick books for any small business owner. love it!!!
best app for small business. i love it, it's so easy and quick to use. it's become a life saver for me.
worst customer service. it’s like comcast great product but terrible customer service. i have online payroll service with them and i have been trying to merge my desktop quickbook version to online and bundle every time i call they transfer the phone to the philippine and they try to sell me the service that i already have (payroll) . it’s either they charge for full service or they irritate people.
keeps crashing. i can't do anything with the app. every time i try to open it, it closes out about 5 seconds later. worked great until the last update.
not an intuitive product. i'm very disappointed with this product. i've used quickbooks on my laptop for two years as well as the gopayment app. this has been extremely frustrating to setup and use for both my accountant and myself.
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimate/invoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
convenient.. this app makes book keeping a breeze. billing can be done on the go. i no longer end up behind on my billing do to not being in the office.
job costing would be great. my only complaint is that i don't have the ability to truly categorize expenses and income by the job. i use the locations feature, and it is a decent work around, but not quite as seamless as other software. i love the app for field access!
fantastic job. intuit made an extremely versatile, and well-run app/program with this version
awful app. my job requires me to input my hours for each client every week, which then gets sent to my boss to create an invoice to be sent to the various clients. seems easy enough. wrong! the app 'cannot find my subscription' so i have no idea how 'simple and easy' it is to create and send invoices. my desktop computer has zero issues. it would be nice to be able to input the client hours as i do them, not have to keep a note in my phone of arrival and leaving time every single day, then go home and pull up the note, log in to the site from my desktop computer, and input it all. god forbid i'm not home in time for things to be submitted for the week- guess i'm not getting paid. horrible, horrible, horrible app. if you are in need of a service on the go to input client info, this is not the one.
anytime fitness owner. great app. intuitive, clean & high functioning. just wish transfer money and a help link was a function. if it is, please advise.
make fit 6 plus. can you make this app fit the 6 and the 6 plus? that would be cool!
great small business app. i've been using it for a year and it has made my life so much easier. customers can pay progressively. i log on 20-30x a day for inputting expenses, billing customers, creating quick estimates and i have never had it not work for me. although it is very expensive combined with quickepay (quickens version of the square reader)
quick overlook. i've been using desktop and online versions of quickbooks for decades. this online app is a great addition. it allows me to quickly update our bank accounts and keep on top of things while traveling.
great app. best software for small business, better priced than other software on the market.
great app when it works.... after update to ios 13 as well as the latest version of the qbo app, i cannot access supplier information. on top of that, i am unable to save expenses that i am trying to enter too. there goes the productivity. qbo team really need to be better at this!
very happy. this app makes my accounting work super easy, can't wait for all features to be available on the app.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
generally impressed. great utilization of ios. i am generally happy with its performance. there are three reasons i won't be using it yet: 1. the lack of accounting (bank accounts & chart of accounts) options on ipad app 2. the lack of form customization (invoices and estimates) 3. the lack of memorized transactions numbers 2 & 3 also apply to the difference between qb desktop and qb online. if i switched to qb online i would be using the ios apps almost exclusively. i can't make the switch until these problems are addressed. i sure hope they are fixed soon!
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
gets the job done. very helpful app. works well. no issues that i have experienced.
ipad use. ok so it works but! you can’t edit the look of the invoice and even though it was setup on the computer to look a certain way, on the ipad it’s completely different and looks worse than a cheap $1.99 program you can get from the app store. it would be good if the app mirrored the damn computer then i might even be usable. other thing is, times sheets, not available on the ipad. so what’s the point? i have payroll and i can’t even keep track of my workers times. useless !
needs better support. update, problem was solved in a new update, so app would get 5 stars but the support is still appalling for an app like this, if you have problems with it don’t expect help from the companyi thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
great app. we use everyday for our company
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipad/iphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
"quickbooks: decent ideas, horrible execution. the app is ok when it works, which is less time than when it doesn't work. intuit is nothing more than a bloated corporate bureaucracy that has a relatively captive audience, so it's unlikely they'll do anything to improve their products until people start leaving them en masse for alternatives like sage or xero. some of the ideas within the qbo app are good, but when your customer can't pay your invoice because the intuit systems are ""temporarily unavailable"" all day long, you're going to have a cash flow problem. even aesthetically speaking, the app is cluttered and tries to pack too much into it (except for the stuff you really need to be there). i am an accountant and will stick with quickbooks until my last client migrates to xero or sage, then i'm leaving too and won't look back."
👍. very good app, i'm so happy with it!!
fee increase is a bad deal. fees increased but same services rendered. otherwise it’s a decent app. i’m disappointed that they get people to invest all there invoices and history in app and program then up the fees in them nearly double. can’t trust a company that does that to ya.
quickbooks/joist sync. none of this is working at all. for a company that does bookkeeping it’s ironic that i’ve been charged twice in less than thirty days for a trial period!! none of my invoices are synced, estinates are counted as revenue and quikboojs is stating my 90 day old business has 1000 net profit!! not even remotely possible! this is incredibly frustrating and so i have to work on this on my only day to rest. ridiculous!! do not use this app
app does not allow long passwords. i use long, cryptographically complex passwords that are unique to each website i visit. this is especially true for financial institutions. quickbooks has done something in their ios app to disallow pasting of lengthy passwords. detail: the ipad app will not allow users to paste in a password at the login screen that is in excess of 31 characters. passwords of 32 characters or more are, in fact, allowed at the quickbooks online site. it seems insecure for intuit to be promoting a culture of using short, non unique passwords for login to something like quickbooks that holds the keys to the castle for all of it's customer's financial institutions. please urge intuit to fix this issue and allow the same length passwords at the qb online site as on the ipad. thank you --steve little little stair and building company
great app. thanks
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pin/touch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that - not even my banking apps.
glitchy software loses emails really crappy support. issues remain for years intuit does not fix. loses emails all the time invoices say sent when they are not.
signed out automatically. every time i launch the app it signs me out and i have to log in over and over. please fix this issue. it is annoying.
good, but needs to get better. quickbooks online is a welcome change from the shackles of the desktop version, but there are still key features and functionality missing (in the app as well as in the browser) to really make this useful. like.... being able to manually adjust the amount of sales tax on a general journal entry.
amazing. is a great app, i love doing all our book work from my phone. anywhere anytime. only down full is i can't do the pay run on the app or phone internet. i need a laptop or computer to do it. other than that, great!
missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations!
works well enough. i'm not in love with using apps on my phone, so it was confusing to re-learn the app after the recent update. i can't seem to find some things on the phone app that i can easily find on a laptop.
"a great tool for accountants. this online version for my phone & ipad has come in so handy to check client info on the go...as well as categorize waiting transactions while i am out and about. i still use the qbo version on my laptop for ""major"" work. but being able to see things while i am out of the office is super helpful!!"
awesome. this app is awesome quick efficient and mobile please consider for small business accounting needs
touch id not working when app is shut down.. touch id needs to work all the time. not just when app is running in the back ground. come on quickbooks fix this bug.
excellent mobile access to finances. recently my laptop crapped out and just before, i moved from the desktop application to qb online. and i'm glad i did! the ability to input expenses, manage invoices, photo receipts, and keep my bank account balanced on my iphone and ipad are totally worthwhile. most important this application allows you to import your desktop past transactions - several years worth in my case and they made it into the app without any trouble. a note for new users on mac. qb online's database doesn't support downgrading from plus level down to simple start without some customer service haggling. they were able to accomplish the feat - for which i give the customer service team alot of credit. happy customer so far!
absolute magic. this app is brilliant it has made my account keeping so much easter and better, i'm not loosing bits of paper everywhere and find it much simpler to keep on top of everything (i think me using this has made my accountant much happier too as it has reduced his work load)
can’t upload receipts. it’s incredibly ridiculous that you can’t upload receipts from anywhere but your photos app. what if you get emailed an invoice? nope can’t upload it!
getting worse. new update takes over 5 mins to load every time i sign in on my iphone. constantly says that i'm not connected to a data network when i clearly am. they've made point of sale a hurdle now. still can't look up customers by address or phone number. makes me look like a two bit operation when i quickly need information while in the field. i'm currently exploring other options to leave antiquated qbo behind.
refresh invoice?!?. trying to add new items to existing invoice with partial payment received and won't let me save changes! refresh invoice means what, exactly? without this function why do i need my subscription? made office work harder as now must go submit through pc and pray that works...
customer service is a labyrinth of incompentence. we are extremely dissatisfied with your customer services - it's a joke of 'customer service.' quickbooks is just a facade because it doesn't really care for its clients. after hours of being on the phone with your customer service labyrinth of incompentence, we will take our business elsewhere and for every client that we have, we will tell them how awful quickbooks is with it's robotic approach to customer service. it's a company that is very quick to take its money but takes no responsibility and accountability for when they drop the ball and make a mistake. it’s like the right hand has no idea what the left hand is doing. for an accounting software/company this is unacceptable.
bookkeeper 60. excellent app. would be 5 stars but still has bugs...most notably touch id login.
love this app and online version of qb 😬. i converted to the online version of qb from the desktop version and i have to say it was the best decision i made! my primary laptop crashed & nothing could not be recovered, the online version of qb was never an issue & continued seamlessly. this app is such a convenient perk to qb - i can't say enough how fabulous this app is. love it!
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
useless app. takes forever or even never to load
owner. makes life very easy for me running my small electrical contracting business. i spend less time writing estimates and invoicing.
quickbooks mobile. can’t print mobile.... on a mobile app. still writing invoices and entering them later 2x the work and the price keeps going up.
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
must have for small business. i love the app is easy to use and easy to monitor business finances
time tracking missing from app. i bill services by the hour and pay extra for the version of quickbooks that supports time tracking. was very disappointed to see this feature completely missing from the app. it’s such an obvious thing to have on the go. now i need to have a totally separate system to track time...
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
cannot drill down for info. why bother making an app if you can't drill down for information? i am able to have full functionality with our hosted data base, so why can't intuit make this happen? i love intuit's products, so this is most disappointing.
do not update!!! horrible!!. if you use this app for everyday business like i do do not update it. i have been using it fine for weeks ,then i updated thinking it would be less buggy, wrong !! the app doesn't even work now ,boy did i look like i didn't know what i was doing in front of my customer. what a horrible experience and canceling quick books right away and going back to paper invoices until these non brained developers actually test the software first.
very frustrating. i can't understand why quickbooks refuses to put time tracking in their mobile app. time tracking is weak at best on a desktop but excluding it on mobile makes no sense. as a graphic designer who only sells time, this is close to worthless.
used to be great (& can be again). i've been using the qb app on a semi-regular basis for about 6-7 months now. initially i had no major problems and i loved the app. last month i upgraded my phone to the 7 plus and have the latest ios update (as of 10/11/16) and the app now seems to be slower and prone to crashing. for the last couple months i've only been using the app every 2 or 3 weeks, so i can't say if the bugs are a compatibility issue with the new iphone 7, the latest ios update, or if there are problems with the app itself. i only know i didn't have any problems on my old 5s phone. whatever it is, i hope it's resolved soon. the convenience of getting work done on the go is invaluable and it's so incredibly frustrating when these features, which we've come to count on, become unreliable or stop working altogether.
the best app ever. now we can run our business with this app.very convenient and easy to use.
purchase order. i like the app it's a good app there is one screw up and a big one i wonder if it's only me who uses it why can't i make a purchase order on the app ??? other wise it's a great app
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
love it!. i love quickbooks online and i love this app!
i wanted to like it. but..... i didn’t appreciate the daily phone calls asking if i needed help .... i just wanted an app that would let me do my own thing and not feel harassed
great app. very happy with the app so far. there is a couple thing that would be nice to be able to do from my i pad and not have to go to my computer hopefully in the next update they will.
"not seamless, very frustrating. why isn't ""transactions"" listed as a choice in the left menu bar?! i wish the choices in that list were the same as they are on the web version of quickbooks online, making it a truly seamless solution. i also can't edit a transaction in the app once it's been saved, or make it a split transaction. so i have to go to web version anyway. this makes the app useless much of the time. it's incredibly frustrating, and if my accountant didn't ask that i work in quickbooks, i would abandon it in an instant."
indispensable. the package of apps for mac, ipad and iphone is perfect for my business. saves hours of my time.
intuit quickbooks review. for a pc computer repair guy this app for the ipad is great. it is easily configurable to my situation. what it can't do on the ipad it can do online like in those rare occasions where i might need a report for my bookkeeper the online version covers it nicely, else the ipad for everyday transactions is excellent. i love how it prints to my ios enabled printer remotely via airprint. it's very fast to use to get my invoices out quickly. it keeps track of who's paid and best of all my bookkeeper is happy with me using it.
great app. great app
major improvements. in recent months there have been great updates that have made the app very functional inbetween times i'm not at a pc. you can't expect it to run the same as on your pc.
works well. good app
"alternately great and lousy.. they have now added an additional layer of security that makes it very difficult to use this as a mobile app. it has cost me money twice. the story i get from support is that it was a decision made in the ""board room"" and their is no work around. every time you use this app from a new location you are required to enter a six digit code that is emailed to you. their system is s l o w generating emails. if you are wanting to use this app in the field it's difficult. i am looking for new software. marketing with postcards by date is still very difficult. it's a problem i was promised a fix for over 10 years ago. the app updates every time you open it, so your computer thinks it is a new program. the suddenly and without warning added a new level of security to the on-line and windows app versions that that requires an email verification. i had a task that should have taken 60 seconds and after 10 minutes trying to fix it myself and another 45 on the phone with tech support, i was invited to call back in the morning. i am looking for another program. recently they have taken to making unnecessary changes without warning."
changed my life for the (much) better!. i’m dumbfounded on a daily basis by how easy quickbooks has made operating my business just with my phone. i shudder to remember days without it. a few things are still necessarily performed on my laptop but i couldn’t be happier. the payroll function is great, too. i could see how a larger company would need a more complex service but for a small business with a few employees and a small number of vendors and suppliers it more than meets my expectations.
a small business must have. i have used quickbooks pro for my small company for many years, but i can't believe i have gotten this far without this app.
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
good app. it's a easy app to use.
not ready. app keeps crashing, features aren't loading... ever. balance sheet, profit loss... they error every time. hasn't worked once. app is not ready for release.
easy and convenient. as a first time user, both app and desk top versions of quick is easy to use. moreover, the app makes my life much easier. even when i'm out of the office, invoicing, paying, receiving, and quick views of current status can be done at the fingertips.
brilliant!. after years of using outdated and under performing sage software, finally i can use a truly mobile cloud based app that fulfils all the needs of a small business. come change of tax year make the switch, it's easy and you will wish you had done it years ago.
very helpful. make managing my bussines much easier. good app.
don't count on it being 100% reliable!. have been using this program for a couple years. in the begging, it was great (for the most part). lately it's been denying my employees and self access, giving me a variety of errors. after spending over an hour with customer service, the conclusion is - their version of the software doesn't function with each and every ios update. my company sells fresh truffles to hotels, restaurants, resorts, etc... and so, we weigh the truffles on-site, create their invoice while we're in the kitchen and must collect a digital signature (through the app itself) to ensure their accounting department will take accountability and pay us in a timely manner. aside from truffles being the most expensive food on the planet, they're also the most perishable (90%+ water, which means they/i lose weight/money each hour i sit on them)! so, beyond not being able to deliver my product in a timely manner, as requested by our customers, we've been forced to sit on our product and not be able to sell until they fix the problem. all in all, we've probably lost at least $500-1000 from money literally evaporating into thin air, thanks in large to quickbooks! let alone the embarrassment of having to tell our customers we have their product but can't sell it to them. not saying the app/software is bad, just don't count on being able to rely on it like we have. caveat emptor :(
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
can't save a sales receipt. i got quickbooks online and this app for convenience and this app is not convenient. i go to save a sale and when i hit to save it, the timing circle keeps going round and round... and round! which means that i can't email or print the receipt for my customer. i have to close the app and reopen to get back to the regular screen and even then the last receipt that i save is inaccessible. not a convenient sales app and truly hoping they do another update to make this app worth even using quickbooks!
app does not support multi-currency. it’s 2018. apps have been around for quite a while now. if your qbo account has multiple currencies enabled, you can’t use this app for banking. seriously, wtf?
it just works. see above. in the office, on the site. wherever. i have used a broad range of applications over the last 20 years in business and quickbooks is the simplest, functional piece of software for our consultancy business i have found. happy to recommend it to other small business owners who want to spend time in their profession and and not on the books.
work in progress. i remember the 1st version of qbo . it has continued to evolve because you listen to the users. hire more technical staff to add features to both the reg. online version and the mobile app. i am a quickbooks proadvisor for both the online and desktop versions. i love the the products but always want more.
small-business rocket!. great app. this is making my small business very productive. especially since the account is device agnostic. i can use it on my device or login online and be just as efficient.
"terrible!. i find it incredibly infuriating that the same issues and headaches remain with this software. how has this company not been kicked to the curb by a superior competitor yet? marketing? i researched other competitors for hours! i've tried numerous other options. i hate this product and so badly hope that somebody will produce a better option. have 2+ businesses? quickbooks says, ""kiss my grits!"" quickbooks doesn't care if you are paying for multiple qbo accounts. access from their app is limited to 1 account per device. want to see your accounts on the run? buy more iphones."
great app. great app for someone on the go. chris
poor excuse for a very expensive app. for as expensive as their subscription service is, i expect much better from their mobile app. at current, about one out of every two photos for expenses disappears right after i take it. also, you can't bill an expense to a client via the app even if you have the overpriced subscription package that supports that function. i don't really use the app for anything else as i do all invoicing from the web interface (yes the desktop app for mac is just as bad as the iphone one). lastly, using it only one week i've already had an instance where the app didn't sync properly and lost some expense inputs. you can tell quickbooks is resting lazily at their position of industry lead.
jp contractor. great app for full business functionality and ease of use. price is a a bit high
good resource. i will update this as i see necessary, haven't made a customer service call yet. but overall the navigation is something to get used to because it's very in depth and many details that you would expect are included with the software.
good user experience. found the app very useful. made easy for me to update on the go. report wise, might be useful to have a report that prints out the attached receipt as well. good job guys
app keeps crashing. even when i try to leave feedback the app crashes. no issues on desktop.
best accounting app except for some glitch. it is the best accounting app that i had so far. i like the inventory part. what i don't like is that the activities for the suppliers are empty but with the web and desktop app the activities appear.
great app that scratch. is freezing and scratching often
needs a calendar interface. great app, a clickable calendar link would make it more user friendly. also needs the ability to edit notes on products and services.
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
half way. all i really want is something i can scan in my receipts with. they say they have this feature but they don’t. even the free wave accounting app has this feature and now i’m left wondering what the point of paying for this service is with an alternative such as wave.. not looking like i’ll be bothering to continue after this free trial if they can’t compete with a free alternative otherwise quite functional.
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
quickbooks. very good app i will purchase after my trial thanks
"promised so much, delivered so little. as a non-accountant i was excited to use an app that made accounting simple. unfortunately it bogged down from the beginning. two major problems: first, apple does not play well with intuit. the web app (intuit's quickbooks online) and mobile app (from apple) are not really compatible. the advertising is misleading. second, this app is only in beta and missing basic functionality. i could not enter invoices from vendors to get an accounts payable register. you can only enter invoices after they are paid by cash or credit card. there is no facilitation for credit purchases. after wasting two days on this disappointing app, i gave up. my 50 years of experience running several corporations tells me this was a ""nice try but no cigar"" for intuit!"
"rubbish. ""run your entire business"" - what a joke. this app is pretty useless to do anything. quickbooks is already hard to use and this just doesn't help."
works well. great app, easy to see what's going on at a glance
decent app missing features. overall the app works good. i wish it had some of the website features such as the ability to post deposits considering depositing money is a mobile activity.
transactions incomplete. just downloaded the app. the first thing i look at is bank transactions. it doesn't show the amounts properly. first digit or two then ... and there is wasted space on the left and right of the screen. am i missing something or is that crappy design.
is an average app. is a good app but with all these update is confusing my customers and sometimes they can't pay online. i can't access it from my phone. it's in and off so be warned!!
great so far!. i am really glad we went with quickbooks online, as i love this app! being able to pull up any and all financial information as well as build and email estimates and invoices on the go is crucial to our business! thank you intuit!
convenient & helpful. as a new business owner and usually overwhelmed with just running the business, the app and website make the financial and tax side of the business easy to stay current and accurate. once i got the initial tax required and payroll payments set up, it's made my life easier.
needs more features in ios. i enjoy traveling light, and i travel for a living. i have the 12.9” ipad pro and find the qb app quite limiting compared to its web and os counterparts. of course, i would use the web version on the ipad, but even then, the web version isn’t optimized for ios. i can’t scroll the pages, the pages are clipped at the edges, and most of qb features aren’t available to me in their stripped down version of the ios app. it can be very frustrating trying to get some after-hours work accomplished on the ios version of the web and app.
great & up-to-date!. this is a great little app to give you access into the back end of your quickbooks online account. great for doing simple invoicing and adding expenses. i still use the desktop browser for more complicated reports and such. well done and intuit keeps the app up to date thank you!
intuit provides poor service. one would think a powerhouse like intuit would provide at least an acceptable level of service, however the service from intuit and this quickbooks online division is in my opinion very poor. most intuit services i have use have outdated software and poor customer service, so it runs across the entire company as it seems. the other option is xero and i've heard some good things about this though i've never used it. in addition to the poor customer service, i probably run into at least one software issue a month and calling them on that issue is a pain because they do a good job hiding their phone number. i would have rather posted a positive review and have had great customer service and great software, however while the software is functionable, everything around it is not so great.
waste of time!. total waste of time. i like the cd version than the online version. i hope intuit will try to combine the app to include all the features that are on the software version. i am a landscaper and my office needs to be with me outside, not stuck in an office. i need a program where i can take my work with me to my job site. so, when i meet my customers i can give them an an estimate right away on the spot and be able to email to them write away or be able have my customers sign the estimate right away. i would also like do the same with my invoices. it would make it so much easier to count all the footage and labour at the work site - that i don't forget anything and the homeowners can count with me too. on top, i can complete my invoice on the job site and be able to send it to my customers right away. the ipad is much lighter to carry then carrying a laptop. more people are choosing the laptop over the desktop for convenience, in the same way, one day people are going to choose the ipad over the laptop. i hope quickbooks can bring that future now. i just would like to be able to make my invoices and estimates at a job site, where ever that is, and basically be able to edit it and send it to my customers and have my customers sign my estimates on the job site and fix the deal. also i would like to be able to enter in my customers payment right away so i don't have to wait tell i get into the office and then enter that in. as well as, have that information on my app be able to easily transfer to my computer when i am able to get into the office. thanks, but quickbooks should be thanking me because i just showed your companies future -should be headed this way if it is not already thinking of this idea!
unusable on ipad pro. was intending to transfer all of my business computing over to my more than capable ipad pro. intuit seems to have other ideas. unable to run my business with the quickbooks software with the app or through the browser. a very unsatisfactory situation having my computing need dictated by intuit. will change software as soon as practical.
it’s just okay.. i would love to say i love the app. we use both desktop and the app, and unfortunately the app somehow deletes payments made to invoices when applied. they just are not there when i have clearly applied the payment days ago and now it says customer is overdue and has not paid. this makes things very confusing and is not good for the service based business owner who is not at a desktop during the day. i’m kind of regretting purchasing quickbooks for our business all together. our books have been a mess and we’ve had to hire a bookkeeper just to clean them up.
expenses off. expenses are off. it’s showing expenses from an inactive account on the app. it’s correct on the website, so it’s definitely an issue with the app. i checked and the settings are the same. both should be displaying expenses for this month. also customer service was terrible. not one person was able to help and after five days of contacting one new person after another i finally unsubscribed. you should be able to assist a new customer immediately if you want to keep them long term.
only two primary pet peeves. we've been using the online version since its inception and it has improved since then, however, it has not quite caught up to the desktop version that we converted from. two primary pet peeves. one: when the intuit server is down, your business transactions come to a screeching halt! this is painful in any operation, let alone a fast paced one which, thank goodness, ours isn't. we've had occasion, multiple times, to be without service for a whole day -- completely unacceptable! even several hours can seem an eternity when you need access to your books! two: if you process cards with intuit and you have a walk-in business, there are way too many steps to complete a sale. here's how it goes. create invoice in qb. save. choose to receive payment. click to get to payment screen. click to swipe card. click to process payment. go back to invoice. print invoice. open another tab/window. go to intuit payment processing portal. look up transactions. find transaction. click to view receipt. click to print merchant receipt. click to print customer receipt. ...14 steps and 15 minutes later your customer can sign their cc receipt. omg!! waaaay too many steps and very time consuming! then balancing between qb, the merchant account and the bank is a confusing, disorderly, nightmare! there's got to be an easier way! i'm being patient but it's getting hard to wait for improvements. i love the access but honestly, there are other ways to use qb desktop version with easy tablet access, etc. is this really worth it?
easy to use.. this app is very straight forward. i hope there are more upgrades in the future.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
it's good enough. this a good app helps out when in the road.
"love the convenience. love the app, but please add an option for ""inclusive tax"". so easy to build and send invoices, post payments, create estimates, etc....."
great app. the fusion is terrific. quick books online plus this app had already simplified my life. no more double duty entering transactions. plus i now know who owes, and who's late without having to sit in front of a computer combing a bank printout. some things that could make it better...a linked paypal pay option in the invoice email, and a way for a customer to easily send a notice of payment. also, if i could pull in new customer or supplier info from my iphone contact list it would save a fair bit of redundant data entry, as i need the listings both places. but all-in-all a real winner.
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
convenient, convenient, convenient!. as a small contractor always on the go this app is great with easy access to all my info. only downfall is lack of progress billing from an invoice, but i have found a work around.
was getting better, now not so much. i use this app everyday to access quickbooks on my phone and it's been great. the latest update changed the button to edit invoices and where to receive payments. using the iphone plus to edit invoices is impossible. it used to be at the bottom where it was easily tapped. now it's right at the top and not easy to hit. receiving payments is now really small squished in the middle of the screen. for me it's not easy to use anymore and actually frustrating. i've used quickbooks for the lifetime of my business, if it stays hard to use i will have to switch. businesses can't waste time billing people looking all over the screen for buttons that move around every update.
new update horrible. it's always been glitch but since the new update i can't add products to the estimate and customer service is clue less in how to resolve the issue.
it's scam don't download 19.99 per month they took from my account. i just did download almost 8 month ago this app they took from my account almost 19.99 per month after cancel also they are robbing very bad don't download at all even no customer service to help you to talk also bad bad super bad
great app. quick books has come a long way this app it's great love it
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
great app. works well for small to medium size businesses on the go!
demoted from 5 stars to 4. using the app on ipad and iphone for more than 5 years. dashboard has been unable to properly show invoice status for at least 3 months now. version 17.9, at least 3 updates ago? no fix yet nor response from intuit after feedback. while i’m not fond of frequent updates, one expects to have these kinds of obvious bugs fixed in the next update.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
great app. only thing i don’t like is if you accidentally delete an invoice you can never get that invoice number back and it’s now been voided. that needs to be fixed so it can be adjusted or recovered. none the less it’s a great app. won’t ever connect my bank info none the less because that’s how you get audited for nothing.
great tool. this app helps me keep track of my business finances and at the click of a button i can see who owes me money or who i owe money to. really useful!!
pretty great app. i've been using the app for 4 months now. it's great if you're a small business owner that wants to be able to pull reports on the go without having to carry your laptop around. touch id support was a great addition
"terrible support of mediocre product. last year when no one using quickbooks could send an invoice for over 10 days, it became painfully clear to all quickbooks users just how awful the support is. even now, on the ""dashboard"", the main screen of how your company is doing, you can not get an accurate picture of just how much your company has sold. incredible but true. it simply gives you an erroneous number. this means that the main screen that is supposed to give you all the vital information on your company is completely unreliable and useless. it's like driving with a speedometer that is utterly unreliable and always wrong. would you put up with that? well, welcome to quickbooks. the software is easy enough to use but it is riddled with errors like this. just beware that you can not ever rely on what quickbooks is telling you."
excellent. the app is a great supplement to the online version when i'm on the road. i easily make customer invoices, add expenses that i have purchased. nothing is lost or forgotten. great way to keep everything up to date
constant program updates full of bugs. qb - i'd give 0 stars if i could. over the past 1-2 years intuit has apparently decided to hire lots of useless programmers to write updates. my online reports don't run correctly too often suddenly. i get constant error messages. program freezes are now suddenly common. even things like the running totals in my registers disappeared in one of the late updates. why qb?! why?! suddenly my transaction order in my registers got reversed, supposedly because that is how bank statements show it that way. though not my bank. thanks for nothing qb! suddenly instead of just logging in with my userid and pword, qb has decided that i additionally need an emailed access code now to log in each time. why?! i already enter an id and password to log into my computer, and another to get into qb, and now yet another by email or text just to log in to qb. why?! why?! this is an awful accounting program. i'm a cpa and know how to evaluate an accounting program. i quit recommending qb to clients. and anyone in the market for accounting software should not buy this awful program.
nice app... wish it did all i need it to do. i have told people, do not buy an ipad with the intention of running qbo on it, you will be surely disappointed! the app doesn’t do enough, especially in reports and you can’t run payroll... and in the browser it’s terrible.
app crashing ios13. app is crashing in io13
landscape company. i like this app as it helps me stay on top of the billing before i leave the site. it is quick and easy to use once set up with your desired pricing. customers are surprised at how quick the bill is in and how great the invoices look. if you are just starting or want more family time i suggest this oh and for receipts you can take pictures and save them in the phone. the only part i hate is the billing is monthly only by credit card. they need a yearly subscription. first year buy a box set as it is cheaper i am now in my second year of using this and madly in love with it.
simple, yet capable. does everything i need and i love being able to use it online, iphone and ipad. on the go flexibility is a must and this app does that flawlessly!
way too limited. i can’t even use the app to see if a bill was processed. it only allows you to view check or ach transactions and deposits. checks processed through bill pay don resigister as activity.
very satisfied. basic invoicing on the go is a snap. reminders for payables and other features are great. i recommend.
awful program. glitchy... no help at all from customer service, i paid my fee and they used it to open a new account instead of paying for the one i had. “unable” to refund me... i spent three hours on the phone today with three different people, absolutely no help, no service, no one has any idea what the hell they’re doing, a very poorly run company. disappointed
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
great app. love to have access to our invoicing and payment details wherever i am. super easy program to use.
great app. easy to use. love the 4 digit log in option.
needs features. app seems to get bug fixes but vary rarely does it get new features. as a mobile professional i would like to have the same features in the app as on the computer. currently investigating other more powerful mobile options vs quick books update: can't even enter expenses with the app only a pc! in the usa they can enter expenses with the app.... wish i could deduct an extra star just for that.
business owner must have. great app to work on the go. create, modify and email invoices. keep track of anything financial on your handheld device. fully automated office on the go for the busy self employed entrepreneur.
great app. awesome app for entrepreneur business.
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
probably will uninstall it. not user friendly. won't post memorized transactions. i erroneously posted transactions as expense instead of checks. it won't let me edit them.
it's glitchy!. although it fulfills the need of having the ability to create estimates on the spot and re-send invoices quickly, it has glitches which are frustrating. on occasion it stalls and goes out of the app requiring you to log on several times and even restart your phone before be able to access the app.
great app. works great for customer signature!
paid for my subscription twice, intuit not interested in fixing the issue.. when i first downloaded the app i was offered an introductory offer if i signed up for a subscription within 24 hours. £5.99 instead of the usual £12.99. seemed like a good deal so i signed up on my work ipad with my work apple id 10 months in to the subscription i log into the app on my phone and a screen pops up to say i no longer have a subscription. so i quickly sign up to a subscription l, the only option being a full price £12.99. a couple days later i realise i’ve accidentally signed up with my personal apple id. so i cancel that subscription and log on to the app on my work ipad to sign up again with my work apple id. only to find out that i’ve been charged twice for the same month, on two different apple ids. now i’m stuck because i’ve got a £5.99 subscription that’s not registering me as being subscribed on quickbooks. ideally i don’t want to cancel it, because i’ll have to revert to a £12.99 subscription. i’ve been unable to send any invoices for the past three weeks or log any of my receipts. i’ve tried to contact intuit. i’ve emailed them, they don’t respond. tried the live chat, doesn’t work. spoken to them on the phone. says there’s nothing they can do, i have to chase apple for a refund. i told them i could email screenshot proof of all the issues i’m having. they gave me an email address. i send an email and they don’t bother responding to me. i go to report the issue to apple and there webpage tells me to contact intuit!! terrible customer service. no interest in sorting the issue out.
limited features. good app but still too many features missing that require logging in to the website. e.g. vat and paying salaries as expenses.
great app!. very user-friendly and easy to use!
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
owner light it up. cannot login iphone 6s qb update will not download properly can't get into customer information what the cuss😡😡
trouble with pin log in. love the app, however latest upgrade requires that i type in my password every time i turn on the app, even though pin in set to on. tried turning setting off and on, doesn't help. hopefully you will fix this on next upgrade. pin log does not work.
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, doesn't handle banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
great app. there is no other app like it. this is probably one of the easiest apps to use and it is very user-friendly. i use it for my business and i have instant access on my iphone. you can send invoices on a moments notice.
nice, but not as good as it could be. 8/19/16 update still not able to post deposits and merchandise returns from the app. i would think those would be easy tasks to add. the last update seems to have slowed the app down quite a lot. it also took away the ability to sign into the app using touch id. that was very useful. if you have the app open in the background then you can reopen it with a touch. but, to open the app you now have to type in your password. i'm not one who leaves apps running in the background all day. posted long ago: great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returns/credits from within the app.
waste of time. this isn’t even a functional version of qbo. i originally went to safari to look at something on my ipad and the site suggested downloading this useless app. i did and was very excited at first to see a clean design and quick setup. that was quickly dashed when i discovered that you apparently can’t do anything in the app. i can’t find invoices or bills, let alone enter new transactions. i search for transactions i know are there and the app doesn’t find them. worthless. i’ll be recommending to our leadership team that we finally abandon this sinking ship known as intuit once we get past year-end.
what did you do?. recent update is better except you've now created a log in issue. touch and pin no longer work? i have to re-enter my entire password every time i open the app. what's the purpose of touch or pin if i have to do this every time?
great, not perfect.... if you're looking for snapshots of where your company finances are, this app is great. it works well for giving me good information on the go. however, it seems like real, intensive work is best saved for the online version. i really like it but understand the limitations. worth a try, certainly.
great app.. great app
elecsmart electricians london. i have used the online version but now prefer the app as it seems to be more stable. worth the money and great for a progressive company!
love the software. understanding that all software are more friendly on the actual computer than in the cell app, even though, the cell app is very helpful for invoices, estimates, reminders for payments “on the go” just to mention a couple of them. being an 8 years user from checkmark multiledger and payroll and making the transition to quickbooks is just a huge step forward and very efficient for my firm.
unusable in ios 13. after login, app crashes every time. i tried deleting and reinstalling as well. ios 13.0. please fix asap.
tops. i've never used any accounting software or accounting apps in my life & can honestly say this is the best! if you type 55378008 into any xl column & turn your laptop upside down it spells..boobless! 😄
love it. i've used many online accounting platforms and this is far the best. the app is amazing.
fix crash. my quickbooks app was crashing on my ipad 3, after i did the upgrade. press and hold the app icon and uninstall it. then, download it again. it now works.
extremely horrible customer service.. i ordered quickbooks online via the app store. just as i was about to download, i realized it was the wrong thing i wanted. i called to cancel and i am currently on hold. the person took the call, i can hear all the conversations going on right now, i have been saying ‘hello, hello, hello’ and until now, no one has even answered the call. it’s 2 female voices and a male voice. one person has a cold or possible allergies as they are coughing. i have been on hold now for over 15 minutes. it appears that the person took the call, then forgot as i am neither on hold nor on mute. i am still holding and no one has come to the phone, or has even realized that the phone is live. the female is talking about being real. now the voices are getting closer to the phone. had it not been that i want to make sure my account is not billed, i would have hung up. it took so long with the automated service to get this far, and now, no one is even answering the call. what i don’t understand is, do they not realize they are not getting any calls? and i am texting while on hold, do they not hear the tapping? i am giving up right now. i hope this review is seen. i was about to hang up when i heard the female voice say something about the phone. so i started pressing numbers, then i heard a male voice saying we’re closing at 9 o’clock. there was great laughter and talking, while i’m waiting on the phone. i am surmising that they meant to take the phone off the hook so as not to have calls, not realizing that someone was on the phone. now there are more people in the room. disgusting! i am finally hanging up...over 30 minutes on the ‘phone, and no one came on. today’s date 11/18/19. 9:19pm est.
superb accounting app. the only mobile app i recommend if you are into real estate. it makes my job as a small real estate owner easier and smarter. thanks quickbooks for this amazing app. great job on maintaining it. cheers! 👍🥂
"add a little more. new to the app. ( 3 months ) it is a perfect fit for my little contracting business, customers seem impressed when i ""whip out"" the i pad to invoice them after a service call. especially the sign on the screen part. but on the vendor/bill side, a couple of more functions would be very helpful. mostly entering bills, in my business i have multiple trips to suppliers, so so i end up with a bunch of non mailed ""invoices"", it would be great to be able to enter them real time on the fly. right now i can only do it via web view and sign in with font that is too small for me, as is the speed via cellular data, not near as convenient....so the receipts pile up for the week and entering them becomes tedious. five stars from me if they can add the enter bills function."
this stinks!. what is the point of a mobile qb app if you have to pay $20/month to receive payment when you already pay for this feature online! big ripoff! you shouldn't have to pay twice for the same feature!!
great app. would be lost without it, saves me a fortune in accountants fees
not useable in multi-user environment. yup, yet again another update, and still not useable in multi-user. my business has more than 1 user account. locations and classes do not work in their accounts. how many years will this take to fix a bug that has been present since day 1? another update and i stand behind my previous review(s). seriously? another update, and still not multi-user friendly. but, oh boy, something works with apple watch. when will intuit fix the multi-user issues? someone else mentions they fix bugs. i can say the exact opposite - they leave bugs for years! i want to use and like this app. i've looked at every update since the very 1st version. it does seem to be slowly improving, but is still not useable for my company.
love qb online. most time saving, user-friendly, awesome, efficient app ever!!!!
beautiful, so simple.. really great app.
no activity?. none of my vendors have any activity (transactions) available within this app. almost rendering it completely useless in our business.
quickbooks a real sage beater!. having been a sage customer for over 15 years i wish i had discovered quick books sooner, why did i spend all that money on yearly updates when i didn’t need too. i absolutely would recommend quickbooks to everyone and i do! thanks for a great product guys 👍🏻
awesome app. awesome app and online as well. runs rings around xero. app is 100x better
changes are not good. unable to email with attachments. the older app will not work.
great app!!!!!. great app for your business. really makes things easier and proactive. it also tracks everything
a great experience. this new update has just all the features required from this app and more. not just do you guys listen but act as well. kudos. the best cloud service, that can be.
solid app with pros and cons. let me start by writing that i'm a finance major by education and i've been a qb desktop user for well over a decade, so i'd consider myself a qb expert user. then i was exposed to qb online (the plus version) through some work i do with a non-profit. if you're coming to qb online, from qb desktop, there's going to be a bit of a culture shock. i say that because, as an advanced user i find that the online version is lacking a number of features that i am used to in the desktop version. also, there are a number of hidden features that are not available to general users, but you really won't know that until you call tech-support... which is, i have to admit, really quite good. because you're dealing with a remote database you're going to find that there is a lag time as qb writes and retrieves data. this becomes a painful realization if you are entering a large number of transactions, or trying to clean up someone else's nightmare idea of bookkeeping. as a sidenote, i read in another review that someone complained about data not being in sync across multiple platforms. i found this as well on a couple of occasions, however, in my situation this was resolved by closing the app and reopening it. i have also had to reboot the app (on every platform) for various other reasons, a remedy that is more than slightly annoying when i am trying to get large quantities of work done. all of these ills, in my opinion, are attributable to the fact that you're dealing with the remote database, and something gets hung up in communication. those criticisms aside, qb online does have a lot of great things going for it. it's extremely portable, and does have many of the rudimentary features found in qb desktop. i've been able to look at financial data, send invoices, make vendor payments, as well a whole host of other tasks right from my ipad. overall i have to give qb online a thumbs up. yes there's still work to be done, but it's a solid app, and intuit is moving in the right direction with this product.
great app. keeps me up to date with my rental properties. i always know where the finances are. makes the end of the month so quick and easy to finalize. it's fun.
great support. we use the app almost exclusively to keep our business mobile. recently had an issue and contacted customer chat to get it resolved. they had me screen record it happening and said they would push to engineering for fix. honestly didn’t expect anything fast but they fixed the issue and included it in the new patch. it’s been about a week or less so a big thank you the support teams for getting it fixed and getting us back to normal.
terrible customer service and often outages. terrible customer service and often outages. if you have a problem you're on your own because there are no numbers to call or anybody to message. it's only faqs
crash flow. all the time. when will i stop banging my head against the wall using this app. i’ve tried everything to resolve the crashing issue on this app and still it crashes and still i go back only to have my work lost over and over again hoping that this time it wont crash mid invoice or estimate. please let us know when intuit can develop an app that works. and lower your credit card rates too, why don’t ya?! intuit has so many different ways and apps and products... please just do what you’re supposed to do well, like a functioning quickbooks.
missing the ability to record bills in app. really can't believe they missed the opportunity to take photos of invoices we receive using the ipad. apart from that it's a excellent app
don't make me log in repeatedly. it's an app.. ux execution for this company is repeatedly abysmal. i have an account. i download the app. i activate thumbprint authentication. and they repeated log me out and have me sign in again as though i'm a new user to a web site. this kind of crap ux plagues this app in the most annoying spots.
just started with it.. can i attach a file to an invoice that i create with the app? i don’t see the option and we need to be able to do this or this app/program won’t work for us.
very nice app. very easy to use and make my all estimates and invoices very smooth and keep the updates very soon
good app. easy to use
great app unless you have employees you want to use it. (even after the recent update that seemed to target the below issues, non of them were resolved). the app works great if you're an administrator but if you have employees you've set up as users who you want to empower to add expenses directly into quickbooks (for example), which is a super basic feature that is 100% described as possible by intuit, you're out of luck. they are unable to see accounts when they go to attribute an expense to a particular account (or a class for the matter) and the app doesn't let them add an expense without attributing it to an account. and then, even though you wouldn't want employees to do this, if the employee tries to add a new account in the app in order to add the expense, whyte told they don't have permissions to do so. it's a bug for sure but a very big one that 100% cripples the app for those users. i can't believe this hasn't been addressed yet by a company and an app as big and established as quickbooks. please fix this asap!!!! ** i appreciate the reply to my review but two updates later and one of which supposedly targeted this issue and yet the issue persists!
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
newest update ruins app. after updating my app touch id no longer works and i can't receive payments and clear invoices anymore also it makes me sign in every time i open the app , before this update the app worked perfect and deserved a 5 star rating , you have ruined it and made it unusable , you need to fix this.
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
i love this app. this is the easiest to use and simplest way to use it.
very user friendly. great app for on the go people
helpful for service business. this app is gooding that it adds some features that the quickbooks companion for desktop app lacked. like receiving payments for invoices and doing some basic reports. the down side is that if you have more than one company you are required to pay for each company separately for qbo. qbo also has less tools than the desktop version. i have a service business and use this app i the field. very helpful for creating and sending estimates, invoices, and sales receipts on the spot.
no support. very disappointed i am no longer able to access p&l or balance sheets on ipad. it’s been over 1 month and still the brain trust cannot make it work...
good basic functionality.. this app gives good basic information. can be improved by bringing more functionality to iphone app. like bank transaction matching. etc
app crashes. the app crashes immediately when i try to open it. i haven’t been able to use the app for a few months now which is quite disappointing considering i pay for its services.
glaring omissions. this would be a decent app if it could do the very basics of the online version, but it can' track mileage or track hours. why?????
lacking functionality. if you have multiple accounts you have to sign in and out individually. additionally, this app has still not been updated for the latest iphone and ipad graphic sets such as the ipad pro.
this app makes being a business owner much more enjoyable. to be able to keep track of finances, outgoing & ongoing charges made all the difference for my small business.
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
much better than the desk top version. i really like this app as opposed to the old desktop version. i'm sure there are updates that could make it better, but i'm satisfied with how it works for me.
kerry pabian. are you kidding me !!! app is crashing on my ipad since the update ! why do you always do updates right before its time to do billing ?
not bad but lacking ocr features. great app but the expense features is lacking ocr functionality that other apps provide for free. qbo please add ocr and auto input of date, merchant and amount in the expense fields. it will be so much quicker to match.
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
qbo in general needs work. this app is limited in what you can do. qbo was rolled out before they were finished developing even some of the most basic features.
not worth the cost. app continues to be problematic at best. the constant need to log in every time i open the app is a huge pia. app logs me out at any given time even when working in an invoice. after app automatically logs me out when i go to log back in it gives me this stupid error that says “oops something went wrong” i then need to go through the whole process of logging back in and waiting for my company data to load. sometimes the app doesn’t respond to my log in and i need to dump the app and start over. at $12.99 i can say to myself it doesn’t cost much but at $34.99 i don’t feel as if i’m getting my money’s worth. i also know that writing this review is a huge waste of my time much like the app. nobody reads these or follows up by contacting me. if i ran my business in this manner i’d have no customers. intuit knows that once your company info is in their cloud it’s hard to switch over to another app without losing some of your data. thanks intuit for selling me a product that is supposed to make my life easier only to make it harder and more frustrating. how do i get compensated for all of the time i waste babysitting this app.
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go but would love to have the actual versus budget comparison on the dashboard instead of having to bring up a report.
pretty good. this is in addition to the comments i made a year ago: i now discover that any suppliers' invoices added as bills (not expenses) via the online system are not visible when they are looked up within the app!! this makes the use of the app a very second-rate experience, only useful for adding expenses. the so-called all singing and dancing online version is still clearly a beta version!) it would be very handy when i'm on the move, but is in no way a replacement for the desktop or on-line versions. also, be aware that if qb has been used for any work between the times you've last used the phone app, be aware it will spend some (considerable) time to update the app database on the phone - so have a strong wifi signal or you'll be waiting for ages! the ability to scan/photo receipts is a useful feature - but again trying to add a scan of a paper invoice, logged as a bill, is not possible directly - as bills are not viewable !!!
great app. i love quickbooks online for business. it has helped me make tree service a lot easier. that needs a few adjustments i would like to be able to change the name of some of the fieldsin the program like shipping address change to job location also it would be nice if you could change the shipping address with the mobile version the way it is now when you change the shipping address changes it for all of the invoices for a specific client. i would like to be able to change the shipping address on each estimate or invoice separately through the mobile version. great product that makes life a little bit easier👍
"horrible. if anyone wants to make a fortune, it would be creating a software that actually works for a mobile small business. first of all, if you have inventory of different types, finding the item requires you to go through pages, making it unusable on your phone. second, intuit cannot seem to get it together and integrate the different services- if you have a problem with the app, you get transferred to people who are supposed to be help, and say things like ""oh, i know a bit about the app because i play with it at night on my phone"". if you do things like download the app and create a n account on your phone, and service changes (even upgrades!) require hours of transfers to confused service people who have been put in a horrible position of trying to make a completely ridiculous issues sound easily fixable. i really can't say enough how awful this experience has been. would someone please design an option?!?!"
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
very handy.. great app for when i'm away from my pc and need to sort invoice or sort my accounts.
best accounting app i've used. this makes my business run smooth and conveniently, i hope they bring more functionality to it still.
great app for managing every business finance needs. i love most of the features available, really great app and ecosystem. this is truly what every startup and business owners should have to manage their business finance. on the cloud and available to use at any time.
solid gold. the transition to the new version was almost unbearably rough, but i am so happy with this platform for my staff + i. still the gold standard, looking forward to more compatible apps...
makes accounting a breeze. this app is great. link it to your account and it quickly learns how to categorize your expenses. then all you have to do is confirm or adjust as needed. 👍👍
this is awful. i use intuit for taxes. i wanted to see if his app would offer something similar to a ledger. instead, i was forced into a trial for a subscription that i don’t know how to cancel even after speaking to the intuit sales department. there are no explanations on their website or in the app. nor is there a direct button to opt out that i found. i am not using it because it doesn’t provide what i’m looking for and the difficulty with opting out of the trial is more trouble than it’s worth.
save the password!!!!!. i use quickbooks only once a month, the great news is it gets updated multiple times in between my uses, the bad news is the updates erase my save password every. single. time. when i signed up for quickbooks online i let safari suggest my password as i do for most things so it's not possible to remember it (very cryptic) and i shouldn't have to. i will be cancelling my subscription to quickbooks if next month i have to re-enter my password after the next update. i basically only use it to print out invoices, i'm sure there are other invoice apps that have their stuff together (without a monthly subscription) if i need to switch.
subscription bug driving me crazy!. for the last few weeks the quickbooks app has been unusable! it alerts me that my subscription has expired and will lock me out of any activities. i have been on the phone with tech support, my subscription is up to date, it gets fixed for a day and then the problem re emerges the next day. this is an excellent app when this problem does not exist. i use a fully updated ipad pro. please fix this bug!
small business. the use of quick books has helped me in my invoicing and tracking of my expenses. i have learned to apply the app to my work. waking away with a signature and sending the invoice on the costumers dime is nice.
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it"" - november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
excellente app!. excellent app!
still unsuitable for chartered accountants. this used to be a superb iphone app. then quickbooks removed the functionality for accountants to inspect their clients’ profit and loss accounts and balance sheets within the app. the iphone app developed other errors included restricted functionality when switching between our clients within the app. here is what happened earlier this year when i complained about quickbooks in a public space such as here in the appstore, or on trustpilot. firstly quickbooks tried to kill the problem with kindness writing to me publicly to make it look like they were addressing the problem. secondly they then emailed privately, but deployed their non-english speaking staff who failed to understand the problem. thirdly when they eventually realised the seriousness of the problem they deployed the correct people who then promised to rectify the problem within a series of timescales, all of which were extended time after time. eventually the problem remained unaddressed and the specialist staff became uncontactable probably through embarrassment at their various failures to solve the issues. i have email after email after email after email proving all this, promising that these serious problems would be rectified. my conclusion remains the quickbooks iphone app is potentially a great product, but if you are a chartered accountant currently wanting to use this app to help your clients, forget it. look at sage or xero.
very happy with qbo. it beats invoice2go and is very friendly to use. no doubt it's the #1 invoicing app.
quickbooks on the go!!!!. i love the program and app. i find that it's easier through the app since i can just take the photo right from my phone. i recommend this for anyone!!!!
awesome app. it's a womderful app, so versatile and functional
amazing for bussiness. this app is the best thing a small bussiness owner can have two thumbs up and five stars
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus!
works for me!. i love this this quickbooks app can cross platforms. every entry is accounted for in a matter which device i use (and i have a ton). as with anything, there are glitches but they do not stop production. like everything can't be perfect all the time and with the constant improvement, bugs are expected here and there.
nonexistent customer service. i have had some very poor experiences with quickbooks desktop versions. the product itself is generally fairly good but customer service is ridiculous. so when i was looking for a accounting program to use on the smart phones, i was reluctant to go with quickbooks after using three different companies and having a good experience with fresh-books. in the end i only went with quickbooks because the they were the only ones who had a canadian payroll system available. so far a horrible mistake. i signed on with my credit card to turn my trial basis into a regular subscription, complete with printed receipt. now it is still not giving me what i paid for and warning me that my trial period is about to end. that in itself is annoying, but trying to actually contact a real person in their customer service is virtually impossible. in comparison to when they were trying to get me to sign on and were phoning me personally. so my recommendation is to go with anybody but quickbooks. oh, and if there's an actual person who works for quickbooks, my invoice number is b1–7383544. in case you actually want to fix this disaster.
good but............... this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
bugs galore. i hvae been using this app now for 4 years and it is the buggiest app i have ever used. there are times where the app works flawlessly, and when it does it is a great tool, however this is a small percentage of the time. i would not recommend using the online version to anyone using the desktop version. the worst thing about the app is that you cannot transfer the content to the desktop version for mac.
great invoicing app. works great for invoicing needs.
ok... like seriously. i’ve used this app for 2019 mileage and expense tracking. but every week i have to reconnect my bank account. like every single week! why?? i don’t have time to do that. fix this! or i’ll be forced to find a better working service!
ios 13; don’t do it!. if you need this app to work correctly do not upgrade to ios 13 yet! many bugs... my worst bug: can’t look at any customer info anymore, does not work. yes i uninstalled and reinstalled...
i can’t do payroll from the app. it works great and is much improved from the original versions but i do not have a desktop/laptop pc........ only ipads and android phones and the apps limits my access way to much i currently use the chrome browser but it’s horrible only part of the screen is visible on the ipad some save buttons can not be accessed thanks for your help
broken. i sign in and all it does is take me to a screen that says it isn't quick books mac. the only buttons on the screen either take me to a webpage saying the app isn't quick books for mac or takes me back to sign in.
great app. even better than the desktop version.
getting too flaky. i’ve been a subscriber for about 2 years now but am now randomly getting locked out of the app where it thinks i don’t have a subscription! i’ve reported the issue , it always gets resolved but then returns ! went to do my accounts and quotes this weekend and guess what .... i’m locked out ... again! is that acceptable for a business app ! definitely not.
great app for business.. a ++ must have app
nice interface but low functionality. the interface is nice but it does not at all fit to the european context that requests to work with multiple currencies. further, many standard functionalities, like adding attachments disappeared, replaced by adding a picture, what is not understandable. bank reconciliation has a time out, so that the button accept disappears as you try to think if all is correct. you end up having to resell the the position in order to accept it. i am very disappointed by the software as it seems that the developers never worked on a proper accounting system before. it makes me loose too much time instead of gaining time. the only reason i still use it is because my accountant uses it.
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
great app. for my business is been really helpful app. i'm a painter contractor, check job all day, if i need to send estimates and invoices now i can do it on the road.
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
fantastic software !. this has made my life a whole lot easier. invoice and estimates on the go. i really feel in control of my accounts.
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app. please add bills to the mobile apps.
great app. it seems to work well! i would suggest it, you can easily go from a laptop to ipad to iphone...
great app. i love using quickbook on my phone. very easy to access and a quick way to send my clients invoice and get a signature! i'm definitely paying for this! it's the best app i could have downloaded to take care of business! 💯💯
terrible customer support. customer service for payroll is terrible. the say my problem is resolved, but my payroll us locked pending me contacting them. chat rep. says they will call, but they don't. waited online for two hours on chat and they never answered. went fro 18 in line to 3 and nothing beyond that. this morning i entered chat asking for help and as told he couldn't help me. gave me a phone number to call and logged off. just finished an hour on hold. the customer service doesn't even ruse to the level of terrible. i need a new service.
owner. love the app. makes running my business so easy. i would give it five stars except once i was using the app and the system was down for little while. made me feel a little uneasy
complicated interface, terrible customer service. i am not an accountant by any means, but i was hoping quickbooks online would be easier to use for us average joes. nothing about their program is intuitive- you are instead given loads of video tutorials and when that’s not enough you can call their sales department to get transferred to customer service (don’t try direct, it’s no use) who 9/10 times have thick foreign accents (which makes it even harder to understand the foreign accounting software) and if you’re lucky you get scripted answers with a side of sass. in my opinion, if your programming isn’t overwhelmingly user friendly you should at least have an overwhelmingly good customer service experience to give us all hope that we can, one day, figure it out. i am stuck with this program because my husband finds it easy enough to create and send an invoice, but unfortunately this leaves me to figure out the rest once a month. so all in all, thanks to quickbooks online our customers do know how much they owe us but as for the accounting, nobody knows what’s going on there.
owner. i have been quite impressed! small owner-operator, able to send invoices, estimates, et al. from my truck--love it!
blair. app is extremely unstable. every time i need to get on it i have to force quit the app and re loggin. i have an iphone x and it runs horrible on here. hoping they fix this asap because i run my entire service company from the app
for the money this app is terrible. this app does not seem to sync in real time. for example an invoice setup on online quickbooks does not show here. even the customer that was added online. for a large company making millions of dollars on these products it is not only unacceptable but it is also fundamentally wrong
good functionality but slow to load. great functionality, good app but it takes too long to load. i don't need the homescreen with current activity to load each time. i just want to add an invoice.
good app. it's come a long ways since it was first introduced. can't be without it!
could be better. while it's great to access your company file while mobile it lacks certain details and/ or functions that make it a complete app. the option for creating purchase orders is available but only for an expense not an inventory item. disappointed.
pros and cons. it definitely takes some getting used to compared to the previous versions of quickbooks i've used. but with some changes to what i'm used to and working with the software and its workflow it works out. the payments thing makes sending and receiving invoices works really well. adding expenses by taking pictures of the receipts keeps my clutter box of receipts free. still needs some improvement but my overall experience hasn't been bad.
owner. the customer service is horrendous. i have spent hours and hours on the phone with their people. they canceled my subscription when i went to fix something i can head no customer service. when i got the subscription issue corrected and then renewed my subscription they charged me twice for it, after that was corrected they canceled my subscription again. so when i needed customer service after that i could not get any customer service. both of those times good cook it shut me down for a day each. a little while ago i got there update for their online version. tonight i printed 50 invoices fold them and they do not lineup with my windowed envelopes. so i called customer service to get that taken care of. their suggestion was go by different envelopes. maybe i should buy a different software
so helpful. i love this app seriously. it's organized my work flow life so much!
great app. love having qb on my phone to receive payments, send invoices and other routine activities.
can’t save photos or info. every time i try to save a picture of a receipt or input data, it will not save. feeling disappointed that i just purchased the subscription today. i’ve tried, uninstalling/reinstalling, turning off the phone, using the latest ios, the latest app version etc. i’ve been talking to a customer service rep for an hour and they can’t figure out what is going on with error code 10000. i may just cancel my subscription completely and continuing using the bizexpense tracker app.
great program for what is asked of it.. great program (i use desktop app on my macbook pro). but constant “improvements “ make it hard to find menus you once had. needs a one click solution to print all open invoices at once. biggest complaint is i get thrown off a few times a week. it’s a quick reload, and i have not lost any data, but annoying.
very poor development. i switched to online pension on mac so i could work while i traveled. thus i also purchased an ipad pro to work from. this app doesn’t show the check register, doesn’t divide my p & l into classes which i need. signing in using a browser like chrome or firefox or safari doesn’t work either as it doesn’t provide the ability to scroll down the page. i just spend 90 minutes online with support yesterday and they have no answers, let alone understand the problem. since switching from desktop to online i have spent approximately a weeks worth of time with support as they are not very knowledgeable and always have to put me on hold to talk to someone else. they have a lot of work to do on their programs before it is worthwhile to switch!!
easily the worst app on ios. this is the single worst and buggiest app on the app store. it is buggy, gives random permissions errors, and generally fails to get the job done.
new update fail to open. just updated and app will not open
best app for my business!. i already have invoicesasap, now i have it's companion, quickbooks! love how they sync and work together to help me understand my finances!
stop taking my money. i don’t use your app but you’s still take my money
weak on the vendor side. okey app but needs some improvements. 1-easy to upgrade your your version and impossible to downgrade. 2- very weak on the billing and statement for vendors ( example when recording an expense, this app does not have the capability of recording the item count you spending for example ( 50 gallons of diesel * $3.25 = total) this app can't do this. very weak on the billing and statement for vendors that's why i gave 2 stars otherwise it would get 5*
awesome. awesome app! i use it for my landscaping and turf management company.
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right.
app says i don’t have an account. the desktop app and now the ios app don’t work. and accessing quickbooks online from the ios browser is a poor experience. from reading other reviews, this seems to be a known issue that has no resolution to date.
love this app and online version of qb 😬. i converted to the online version of qb from the desktop version and i have to say it was the best decision i made! my primary laptop crashed & nothing could not be recovered, the online version of qb was never an issue & continued seamlessly. this app is such a convenient perk to qb - i can't say enough how fabulous this app is. love it!
no multi currency in app. there is no multi currency function in the ipad app making it useless for entering overseas travel expenses.
almost there. the developers are working hard at making this the best accounting package for smes. especially ones whose top management actively participates in reviewing reports. great for compact companies. great for hands on ceos. please check other reviews for page organisations and their experience.
a great app. this has revolutionised my business. saving me hours of admin every week.
disjointed. nearly everything i do with this app requires amending in qbo. paying an invoice always pays money in to undeposited funds instead of my business account. when adding an expense it only offers 3 payment options and doesn't pull down the options from your own account. it would be great to see these creases ironed out so that something done on the app doesn't have to be corrected online.
comprehensive app for a small business. i have excellent experience and is easy to use with all functionality that i required. have tried xero, myob as well but quickbooks stand out for me as far as feature & function and good value for money.
great costumer service. i hope that they improve the app but so far so good. very satisfied with the product.
love this app!. easy to use on the go!
horrible. do not waste your time or money. after a while they hold your money and cause a ton of financial difficulties for companies who rely on getting paid. there customer service is bs..........do not use
app need more functionality. it would be great if we can do transfers and journals on the quickbooks app.
great app and accounting. excellent accounting software and a great app as well. nice work qb!
great app!. only change would be to allow for a larger job location field. other than that i can honestly say it's helped us tremendously with invoicing.
excellent. you can do so much with just this app - absolute game changer. love it.
great app. being able to use quickbooks on my phone has really helped my business run more efficiently. i'm able to manage customers and employees all from my phone.
useless app. intuit has an app called selfemployed which is $4.99/mo and has more functionality than this one. it’s mind boggling. i can’t use that one because i need a chart of accounts so i got this one thinking. ’same company so this app will have that functionality and more because its 10x more expensive.’ wrong. here’s what i wish someone has told me: you can’t even manage an amex account on this app. as all my expenses go on my amex business card, this app is literally useless. it shows you the balance. that’s it. you have to do manage the expenses on a desktop computer. you can manage your amex expenses in self employed. makes no sense. you like the email receipt match-up functionality in self employed? pretty nifty, right? well you can’t do it in this app either. this company is the absolute worst. it has — for two years in a row — told customers the online banking feature was going to be shut off on the desktop version forcing you to pay for upgrades. the $200 upgrade lasted a year before they told you that version was also going to have the online banking functionality turned off. intuit is a greedy company that makes buggy, mediocre software. they rely on the fact that they have the corner on the market. as soon as i can i’m jumping ship. i have a feeling i’m not the only one who feels this way, either.
more of a headache than a help. registered online, used same login info for the app, and the app says it's a free trial. online service not communicating well with app and i was hoping to use the app most of the time. sigh.
time saver & ease of access. if you don't have the app for your small business account already, well you better just click download now! it saves me hours of computer time each week and my clients get the necessary paperwork even when i'm on a job site working. invoicing and inputting receipts has never been easier!
invoicing on the go!. the app is a great companion to the online version. allows me to invoice and keep track of billable items on the go. there is so much more it does but for me invoicing right after the job is done gives me freedom to do my office work while having a coffee.
ios 13 killed the app. the apps is not working with the new ios 13.0 you can connect but when trying to create an invoice it says “error, the quantity is larger than the maximum allows” even when the quantity is only one. when trying to send an invoice it says “error, email too long” i did a fresh install of the app and still does the same. i called tech support but the person who answered the phone needs more help than i do. please resolve the issue asap
absolutely horrible customer service. i have called for over 6months on issues related to reconciliation of one of my accounts. hundreds of transactions are missed every month by their software and it hasn’t been pulling in correctly. after the 5th time of over an hour phone call- i decided to cancel my subscription and start over with a different accounting software. what’s the point of software if it isn’t doing the job it is supposed to? i’m back to counting receipts etc! fail quickbooks. it’s total junk. if you have it now- check your bank records in comparison, see how many transactions you’re missing. i’m probably not the only one.
pretty bad. they will lie about the processing time for electronic payments. also, the customer services is the worst you will get. after waiting 30 minutes on the phone, you will get a representative with english as a 5th language. good luck.
just as simple as we could even think !!!!!. this app according to me is best as it's not that complicated and makes my business easy, i've not used any other accounting app so i consider this very easy for any layman who is not very good in accounting. it could have had few more options like individual job closing so to get more accurate and decrease the paper work.
beautiful app, curious about next features.. the revamped qb online is really attractive. still people coming from the classic qb are missing features. qb uses a great system to allow customers to vote for features. the success of the online version will depend on how fast qb development will be able to produce the big wishlist of new features.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
awesome. this app is great and very robust
handy invoicing tool when out and about. i use this app predominantly to invoice as i travel a lot in my job. it has been a bit of a game changer to be able to produce professional invoices on the go. and amazing to keep track of payments.
touchid times out. unfortunately the touchid authentication doesn't work as you'd expect. the app constantly asks for you to enter a password even with it enabled.
great app. after a little getting used to, this app works well. we're a small construction company that works two to three jobs all over the southeast. we've used quickbooks desktop for years, but as we've grown, jobs have taken my partners and i to different regions at the same time. qb online app allows us to ensure that all bids are taken care of, and allows us to see who's doing what.
"qbo has miles to go.... quickbooks online is so erratic, and so full of flaws. one thing works one day and then the next day wont work. consistently new types of things – supposedly to help users – pop up on the screen but just cause delays and inefficiency. i would think this was possibly related to weak internet service, but it's not because other softwares and apps are functioning as normal on the same servers. hopefully quickbooks online will someday i get all the multi tiered bugs out of it software system… i'm a very frustrated user. my wife and business partner just chimed in, ""that's two of us""."
owner. don't do it! the customer service is horrendous. i have spent hours and hours on the phone with their people. they canceled my subscription when i went to fix something i can head no customer service. when i got the subscription issue corrected and then renewed my subscription they charged me twice for it, after that was corrected they canceled my subscription again. so when i needed customer service after that i could not get any customer service. both of those times good cook it shut me down for a day each. a little while ago i got there update for their online version. tonight i printed 50 invoices fold them and they do not lineup with my windowed envelopes. so i called customer service to get that taken care of. their suggestion was go by different envelopes. maybe i should buy a different software
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
touch id. the app works well once you've signed in, but the touch id still isn't working properly. you have to sign in manually first. then, it allows you to switch between apps using touch id to sign back in for a while. however, if you sign out completely, it appears you can't use touch id to sign back in again. i thought the whole purpose of touch id was to avoid having to enter your password each time and to increase security.
best accounts app. seems to be the best one out there, easy to use on iphone
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
great to app to have. loving the app. i would give it 5 stars if it was able to function the same or close to the online version.
could use improvements. really like this app! however, it won't even add my phone number or business address on my invoices, so i add it in the message section. qb creators, please test run every possible business need. i've already done business via this app, so i can't afford not to have it at full & complete capacity! please! make me love it! i want my partners to use it too!
cis unfriendly. useless if your a contractor or subcontractor. if your in the construction industry, this app is useless. you cannot create cis invoices which renders this app useless.
lots of steps. i like the app but there are lots of steps and it takes me a while. occasionally the transaction doesn't go through. it does update my quickbooks so i like that and it saves my bookkeeper time
great app!. help you keep track of your business records.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments. would be nice if inventory feature wasn't additional cost
crashes after i hit “invoices”. love the app when it works please let me know what the fix is-
love it.. i love this app. easy to use and is pretty reliable within little downtime. however i would like more options like inclusion of sku numbers and the ability to pay for subscriptions within the app.
awesome!. fantastic app. as a freelancer i am often away from my office. being able to create estimates and have my clients sign them on the spot has been great. and being able to send invoices from anywhere has absolutely changed my life! love it.
needs more functions. not a bad app but is lacking better search modes. there needs to be a way to look up customers by address or phone numbers. also, many of our customers have multiple rentals, buildings, apartments etc. there isn't anyway to keep these addresses under the same customer. i have to look at each and every invoice to find the address in the memo section. i don't like having to start the search all over again when i have looked up a customer with the same last name and it's not the correct one.
office assistant. i am still a huge fan of the desktop version! the one great thing about the qbo is the online feature! it still needs improvements. if you have multi companies you have to pay individual packages for each company and log out to be able to log on the other. there is no switch between companies feature on the phone app like on the desktop and the full qbo site.
buggy. super buggy and currently unusable. fix your app qb. we pay good money for your service.
buggy. app has been very buggy. for a few months i lost the ability to add expenses and not every time i click on home the app closes. using brand new iphone 7.
so frustrating. yes, the app is helpful and you can track your money, invoicing and stuff. but i’m so sick of always having issues with either login or messages in the app that they can’t show detailed information about my transactions because of some issue they have. sometimes i can fix it when i login again but that’s not a solution and $15 per month are just to expensive to have a buggy app running my finances. sorry...if that goes on i switch back to wave app which is not a s convenient but it’s at least free and i never had problems like this.
amazing app!!!!. love quickbooks and also the app. excellent layout design. just one thing is needed. please allow the app to support touchid for the login process. this would be just the best update ever! thanks
needs lots of improvements. quickbooks is good but lacks a lot of features specially now that the ipasos is out, 1. the attachment system should completely change. 2. slide over and side by side must improve as the app is not responsive 3. it does not recognize email addresses copied in ios (mailto:) 4. cannot send statements to customers 5. cannot add company stamp and signature on the invoices 6. converting an estimate to invoice, does not automatically copy the terms and conditions. hoping for more improvements in the app.
waste of time. i paid for the app to get the discount, spent an afternoon inputting information and suddenly it wouldn’t save anything. logged out, rebooted, problem still existed. uninstalled app. on reinstall, the system didn’t recognize my login and i couldn’t access any of the work i input. apple has my $$$ though!
not bad. app is good. qb online is lacking.
do you wanna raise downloads and revenue over 100 times?. worldwide promote your apps and rapidly increase downloads and revenue above 100 times! we are app marketing experts with rich experience, please contact us on facebook: he.gui.7792 .or ping me at skype/whatsapp: +8618990290838 .everyone can enjoy 3-day trial now!
great app!. our company switched from quickbooks desktop to the online version which came with the option to download the app. we now use the app more than online. we handle estimates, invoices, payments, banking and more directly in the app and on the go. the app has a simple and clean look making it easy to navigate. to date we haven't had any issues with it. we are excited to finally be able to get things done in less time!
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality - i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
awesome app. quick books is really an awesome app. links up to accounts quickbooks payments. i can access from all my devices. it’s really versatile. you can make great estimates as well. emailed invoices and estimates look very professional.
incredibily bad customer service. i would not recommend quickbooks to anyone. i have experiences extremely bad customer service. despite providing to them that i have paid my subscription, and showing them evidence that the renewal of the subscription is valid until mid june, they are still not convinced and are refusing to activate my service. i am going to provide a negative review every day until i get a result. appaling service. ive never experienced anything this bad in my life. for weeks now i am unable to invoice my clients. i do not recommend quickbooks. avoid them. glen walters.
love😻this app. must have for small business owners.. or even for personal use. don't know what i'd do with out it. been using for 3 years now😊
quickbooks web is perfect, but app still needs improvements. i have subscribed quickbooks essentials over web. the web version is perfect. it has all the key elements that ideally any accounting system should have. moreover it has very nice and easy to use interface which makes data-entry experience wonderful. however the mobile app on the other hand needs some improvements. although you can do most of the transactions through your mobile but certain things are missing; 1- creating sales receipts it saves the transaction but the amount goes in undeposited funds and there is no facility to transfer those funds to your bank account 2- reports are missing. i cannot view any report from the mobile app except for profit and loss report. even a bank statement is not available
works well but can’t see inventory level in app. would be helpful if i could check inventory levels without going to web, other than that pretty handy app
"a lesson in poor user design.. this review is not about quickbook's design regarding the recording and posting of entries. quickbook's is deserving of this one-star review because of the terrible experience i had today with their customer service and subscription processing that snowballed into a 2-hour ordeal. i want to preface by saying i had the pleasure of meeting a few lead ux designers for turbotax so i was actually biased for quickbooks prior to this. my free trial expires in two days and i had planned the whole time to pay, i just procrastinated on doing so. today, however, i attempted to log-on and was greeted with a ""trial has expired"" message. 1) this happened 2 days before my trial period ended 2) i couldn't log in to pay because my trial expired. i later discovered this was because i initially set-up the account on ios, but there was no message to indicate this to me at the time, and i was forced to wallow in my frustrations. after repeated attempts to log in i was able to get into my qb online account when i accessed the site through my history.(not sure how that worked but that’s not the point here.) i finally get in and hit the “subscribe now” button and enter my payment information. i get a “something’s wrong, please re-enter your payment information.” so i do so. and i do it again. still nothing. i switch to my credit card. still nada. i then tried to go into settings and access the subscription tab but it wasn’t there, which after some googling i discovered was probably because i opened the account on the ios app. figured this was also why it wasn’t accepting my payment information. all of this trouble just to pay for the service. but don’t worry, it didn’t end there. so my itunes account is attached to my family payment method, which i don’t want paying for quickbooks. i would like to pay for my accounting app with my business account—makes sense right? well, you have to pay through itunes if you open your account on ios. so i get support on the line and “message an agent,” meticulously explaining my issue. we go back and forth and he tells me that i have to contact itunes if i’m having trouble changing my payment method(not what the problem was). from the message you can tell he really doesn’t understand at all what i’m saying, and he was frustrated by that and was rude because of it. i tell him that i would not like to change my itunes payment, that i’m trying not to pay through itunes because i want to use my business account. he leaves me on read. wonderful. so instead i ask support for a callback. a very kind lady takes my case and after spending quite a bit of time trying to figure out what to do she’s about to walk me through what she thinks is a solution when my wifi goes out, so i told her i’d have to call back. and that’s where i am now. point: i spent nearly 2 hours trying to just pay for a subscription. absolutely ridiculous. 1)trial ended early 2)couldn’t log into account to pay 2.5)didn’t tell me to try my ios app 3)just let me mindlessly enter my payment information without telling me that it was never going to work because i have to pay through itunes 4)nobody at quickbooks thought that a business owner wouldn’t want to pay through their itunes account? 5)disappearing subscription tab without an explanation other than in the forums 6)a rude, confused, and unhelpful customer service agent"
quick books app. it works as good as my computers program! i can do the work i need to right from my phone!
excellent piece of kit. i've held back from making a review as the requests for a review before really using an app seems pointless. i have now used quickbooks for around five months and to be honest i now could not imagine working without it. it is easy to use, clear and without doubt a high quality product. first class and highly recommended.
quickbooks. super easy to use! i was able to backlog and bring my business up to speed with quickbooks within a few hours after downloading quickbooks! operating the app is fun and accessible!
great app!!!!. i am a simple tradie and this app has made life so easy! not complicated easy fast and effective.
great app. qbo is a fantastic app for small business. it makes balancing the books easy and less time consuming than the old paper method. it syncs with your business accounts making the job of keeping track of your business accounts easy. you can get a snapshot of your business's finances, balance sheet, p & l from the report tab on the app.
app is satisfactory - quickbooks online is not. i am very unhappy with quickbooks online. if you are anything more then a landlord of one rental property, then you will find quickbooks online to be greatly underwhelming. it is clunky, glitchy, and virtually void of any mechanism for customizing the program. it is not a replacement for quickbooks desktop. perhaps after a few years of unfortunate beta testers abandoning quickbooks online it will get better. for now, though, don't do it.
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
not a trustworthy app. i have just started using this app in mid october and it is now nov 18, 2019. when i first signed on, i was offered to use the app for three months at $12.49 per month as a special promotion. of course i clicked “ok” since i felt to really see if this app would work for me i would need three months to test it. my first impression of this app was good because it did help me to organized all of my income and expenses in a neat clean application. in fact, i was able to balance my money and found missing money . however, there where many time where i had to reset my phone because the app would freeze. this glitch prevented me from connecting my bank account and credit account to the app itself. i figured i’ll give it another month to see if this problem gets fixed, i’ll trust it with my account numbers. today it only allows me a (read only) version of this app unless i pay the full 24.99 a month, but i’m only on my 2nd month of the promotion that i signed up for. i still would like to only pay $12.49 like i originally signed up for before i fully commit my entire business to use this app. i haven’t even connected my credit or bank accounts yet because it still freezes from time to time. i would not have entered all of my private information as well as my regular customer private information if i knew that intuit was going to go back on their offer on their promotion. this kind of deal does not inspire trust in using this app. i have a pic on my phone saying that this was the subscription i originally signed up for
awesome app. i run a small business and i use quick books to manage my entire business! from estimates to invoices to getting paid its all so easy and fun to use! thanks guys
great & smooth accounting app. very good up to keep on top of your finances . it's the best on the market.
ios 13. i’ve updated my iphone 8 to ios 13 and quickbooks won’t load at all. i’ve deleted and re uploaded the app and it’s the same. any updates coming soon for the app? other than that, don’t update your phone if you rely on quickbooks in your phone
incredible. this is an incredible application. if you're looking to intuitively streamline your business this is definitely the app for you!
upholstery shop. very good app
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
be careful you will be charged $12,99 a month. did not know this app was going to cost me $12.99 a month. they make it hard to cancel. no unsubscribe or any other function if you don't want a monthly cost...don't download
top notch. this app works great, easy to use after i played around with it for a bit. very convenient and quick to use.
best software & app for a small business like mine.. i've tried a few apps to do quoting and invoicing to my clients, but could not get a single solution that worked well on all os’s like quickbooks does. it changed my life and productivity, allowing for quick and easy usage which leaves me more productive to do what i love and it took the effort out of bookkeeping for me. a definite must to anyone with a small business or entrepreneur like myself. it will definitely help your business scale and become more streamlined. well done quickbooks team!
managing partner at green mesa capital, llc. a very useful app. i can do everything i want through this app. in addition, the app has features the browser does not have, like the expense receipt capture.
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
great app. extremely easy to use and has made doing my accounts a much easier and enjoyable experience! would highly recommend!
desktop to online. i run a construction company. i am on the go constantly, i also tried staying with qb desktop as long as possible because that was my comfort zone. after 4 years of everyday desktop use i made the switch to online. a little getting use to it but once you understand its web based and the use of the apps you will love it. the construction software i use integrates with qb online so it was a no brainer once i was fully setup with it. only 4 stars because it's a little clunky, sometimes you get delays and bumps but if you use the desktop app its much better. it can only get better imo the pros far outweigh the cons. my whole team is thrilled we switched as we can all work at the same time with ease.
so easy to use!. such an easy app to use, these guys have simplified bookkeeping down from something i wouldn't dare touch, to being able to raise invoices from my phone and connect my bank accounts, no hassles at all.
can’t paste password. when i try to log in i can’t paste my 32 character password from the clipboard. this is a frequent frustration due to how often i have to log into the quickbooks app combined with my desire to use long, complex passwords that i store in a password safe. please fix this issue asap.
fantastic accounting app. i love that this allows me the freedom to work and to monitor my accountant's progress on the go. it's extremely user friendly and easy to use. many features save tons of time on simple book keeping tasks. smashes traditional softwares like ubs and myob into the dust!
app is great for any business. i have a small business and this application is awesome. especially if you have a mobile business. this make like so much easier for your customer to pay online. inventory management is very easy to use and update
still need a lot of work. i’ve been using quickbooks from almost 2 years, now i believe time has come to let quickbooks go. really irritating when it comes to mobile app most invoices i can’t even open. app kicks me out automatically. while you use your desktop version editing invoice is terrible from past few weeks now. you click on one item system delete 15 to 20 items at one shot. really risky to use quickbooks now. i’m thinking of switching to xero as it’s more reliable.
no longer works with ios 13. i just updated to ios 13. the app now crashes immediately after it tries to launch my company. i tried reinstalling it but no luck. please fix this asap!
love qb. hi, my name is alexander, i would like to let you know that i love qb, it's easy to use, i can access information anytime, anywhere, and on any device.i have an iphone, ipad and mac,what i like most is being able to work with qb on the road with my iphone. i'm en exterminator and handyman and i invoice on the spot and keep track of my expenses on realtime, no more worries of forgetting to come home and register my expenses of the day and looking for reciepts. i also love the feature of emailing invoices to clients, no need to buy or make reciept books for clients. an addition that i would like very much is a calendar with reminders like in invoicing so i can make and keep up with appointments. the way i do it now is i use the calendar on my iphone to check on appointments or to make a new one, the thing is after making an invoice or entering a payment i forget to make a new appointment and my appointments get mixed up with my personel agenda. a cool feature would be after i save an invoice the app asks me if i want to make an appointment. it would be a great update. i hope my request gets considerd and approved, if not, will love qb anyway
expense widget is not accurate. 1st let me say, i love the app even though the updates caught me by surprise. now that i got that out of the way.. i have over $3200 in expenses so far this month. however when i open the app on my phone it says i only have $271 worth of expenses. i quickly grabbed my computer to double check and all the expenses displayed correctly. if i open the p&l in the noble app, the expenses display there correctly as well. the issue just seems to be with the stand-alone expense widget with the chart. please fix that. an option to remove it might be nice as well.
not quite what i'm looking for. after the invoice2go update disaster, i read a lot of good things about this app. sadly it fell short of expectation as i was unable to change the invoice number, which i would think was a pretty basic requirement. advice on the internet seems to relate to an older version of the app as the information did not relate to what was on the screen. i won't be utilising my free trial, nor will i be subscribing.
crashing and signing out. hi there this app continuously crashes saying it needs crucial updates. there are no updates and continues to do the same over and over again. i cannot use it at all now. help.
great mobile billing app!. i use quickbooks on my ipad and iphone. pros: it supports touch id for convenient security, credit card payments, and invoicing from anywhere! it is great for professionals who work in the field like me. it can even automatically input your clients address using your gps and your contacts. cons: automatic gps address input only works on ipad and not iphone, and better accuracy could be desired. it also lacks the ability to issue a credit memo for refunds or discounts/donations. it could also give you the option to find directions using your favorite navigation app like google maps instead of only apple maps.
awesome!. i have always enjoyed using quickbooks. over the years i have moved from quickbooks to quickbookspro to quickbooks enterprise and now quickbooks online. this online system is awesome. if integrates well with other systems i use, it’s easy to navigate (once you take the free courses), customer service is excellent when i have issues - and it will move straight into my turbotax corporate filings. love, love, love it!
doesn’t let you do self assessment tax. this app only does my business tax return, and whilst it doesn’t explicitly promise more, because it doesn’t let me do my self assessment (buy to let) it means i still need another app to do this. and an account on top. being such a major tax app, the fact it can’t deal with all my tax matters is a major fail.
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website - which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
ipad app review. i use this app for daily business. the app is great, the response from a question or change is nonexistent. for the type of business i do it works pretty well, would like to see the ability to bill partial or progress invoices and not have to create additional invoice or estimates if changes are made. also, if you merge from desktop to online most of your items will not work. you have to enter new items or descriptions or the invoice will never save. i love how quickbooks forces you to move to the product they want you to use by discontinuing the products they don't want to support any longer, then ignore problems or concerns from customers with the new product.
clean and wonderful app. we love qb for i pad.
discount. why in the world would you apply the discount after sales tax? in the mobile app, you cannot toggle the order. ridiculous.
slam dunk. qb online app is awesome for working from home
kinda cumbersome. this app isn't very intuitive and there are a lot of free apps that do the same thing.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotel/airfare/rental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
crash issues. this app crashes on the new iphone 11 pro max using ios 13. please release updates to resolve the issue.
fix the receipt picture big please. on the past several months i've had to take every receipt image twice before it shows up in the app. i actually lost several receipts (because i didn't realize that the first image was not uploading) before even realizing this was an issue. otherwise, this has been a great app for my purpose. i'll bump this to a 5 star if that issues gets resolved.
owner. the customer service is horrendous. i have spent hours and hours on the phone with their people. they canceled my subscription when i went to fix something i can head no customer service. when i got the subscription issue corrected and then renewed my subscription they charged me twice for it, after that was corrected they canceled my subscription again. so when i needed customer service after that i could not get any customer service. both of those times good cook it shut me down for a day each. a little while ago i got there update for their online version. tonight i printed 50 invoices fold them and they do not lineup with my windowed envelopes. so i called customer service to get that taken care of. their suggestion was go by different envelopes. maybe i should buy a different software
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
great app. i love this app. it's very helpful and easy to use. keeps everything organized and in order easy to look up at any time. i highly recommend it for all small businesses. it will definitely make your life a lot easier.
crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim.
great app. yet again another update and even more glitches, you charge a fortune and cannot provide a decent service - i’m considering switching to a competitor as you have breached the contract that you have with me. this needs fixing urgently and you need to refund subscription fees! my advice to businesses and the self-employed is do not use quickbooks!
needs a calendar interface. great app, a clickable calendar link would make it more user friendly
horrible. please update this app so it stops crashing during every use!!! also, critical updates every time you try and do anything???? getting old and frustrating. fix it!!!!! also, why when you update a transaction, it saves it from before the update, so you are doing the work twice???
good app. no complains
please fix mileage tracking, expense categories. problem 1: if i am driving somewhere the app randomly chooses some point in the middle and i lose half of the trip. problem 2: when i go to fix problem 1 by manually entering in a start and end point it is painful. if i put in an address i have to open google maps to calculate the distance and then enter it into self employed. a map interface would be nice to quickly locate the address and have self employed calculate distance for me. please fix. i want to stick with you guys but this stinks. also, your categories for expenses are limiting. need to either make custom categories or you need to add more. i'm sure your competitors are seeing you gain traction with this app and are hot on your heels with something similar.
practical intuitive program, perfect for the novice bookkeeper. great program for those on the go with little time or experience for bookkeeping
great app, continues to get better. best decision i ever made for my business was moving to qb online. saves a ton of time being able to conduct business on the fly.
great app. user friendly for billing and collecting payments. also help with keeping up with customers invoice balance!
crashes almost immediately. running ios 12 and then 13 on an iphone 8. installed the app. put my login info in. accepted that no problem. then boom. app crashes and i’m back to my iphone home screen. rebooted my phone. deleted and reinstalled the app. makes no difference. still crashes. having this app was a big factor in my decision to run my business on quickbooks and now i’m reconsidering that before i get any deeper.
excellent. really good app. carry your whole business in your pocket.
awful app. my job requires me to input my hours for each client every week, which then gets sent to my boss to create an invoice to be sent to the various clients. seems easy enough. wrong! the app 'cannot find my subscription' so i have no idea how 'simple and easy' it is to create and send invoices. my desktop computer has zero issues. it would be nice to be able to input the client hours as i do them, not have to keep a note in my phone of arrival and leaving time every single day, then go home and pull up the note, log in to the site from my desktop computer, and input it all. god forbid i'm not home in time for things to be submitted for the week- guess i'm not getting paid. horrible, horrible, horrible app. if you are in need of a service on the go to input client info, this is not the one.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
great app!. i can operate from my cell phone and know where i stand in my finances while on the go! great app.
linked bank account. locked out. no customer service.. there is literally no phone support whatsoever for the mobile app. i'm still locked out of this app after linking my checking account.
love quickbooks. we started and successfully operate a small business. quickbooks has been fantastic for us. we can see the cash flow as well as invoice, manage vendors and taxes. it has been a complete package for us and provides a professional appearance to our customers.
needs work. i am a long time qb user. the desktop being the best version of this software. the online version coming in a distant second. however, this app, while it is a great idea, needs to come a long way. most of the basic features i use daily, like a quick balance sheet or p&l report don't appear available. i cannot even find a list of accounts to view. if i am going to be using an ipad for qb it is going to be to look stuff up or run reports. neither of these seem to be available at the moment. entering expenses and invoices, which do appear, i am generally going to do at a desk when i am paying bills. quickbooks itself is a great software. hopefully, they can get this app to be a bit more useful.
way too limited. the app for the ipad is too basic. i can create an invoice and email or print but if i need to print an existing invoice there is no option to do this. after receiving payments there is no way to deposit them to my bank. i can't believe that qb would release an app before testing it. i am hoping that there will be an upgrade soon to make it functional. disappointed!
great app. great for small business but it's a little on the expensive side
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
great app. this app is a great supplement to the mac version very very helpful
"buggy, issues with sync. for some reason this app is constantly having connection issues for me. i get messages like ""transaction not accepted"". then i have to log into the desktop version to actually do the work. ok for a glance but not useful for productivity."
love quickbooks. love being able to check things quick on the app and i love how you keep the software up to date with changes!
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
this is what the iphone app should have been. so much more functionality than the phone app. yeah, it doesn't have reports, but it does have invoicing and transactions, which is great to have access to on the fly. hope they keep improving, but this is a great start for me.
mgrm. great app
owner. this application and online service is the best i have ever used. it keeps me up to date with all book keeping. the reports it provide makes doing taxes a synch. the only thing i haven't mastered is tracking all jobs separately. if i can get this program to give me a report identifying what the profit was on each job that would help tremendously. i am fairly a new user about 2 years off and on. other than that, i give this app
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
worst customer service. i have had quickbooks for over 6 months and have had to call customer service probably 10 times. i have never spoken to someone who knew what they were doing and have always been on the phone for 40 minutes minimum while the operator reads through the instruction manual and tries to solve the issue. the clearly have no training on the software and have no issue wasting your time. wish i could go back in time and choose another service that actually cares about small businesses.
works great for me!. this app is very convenient and easy to use. my business is not complex so it handles all of my needs quite nicely.
worthy app, very user friendly !!. personally this app is unbelievable. it dose pretty much everything. however, it would be even better if you could set up folders in a name customer by you. second, it would be even better if you could access certain command requests without it bugging-out. so far that has only happened once. otherwise it would have got five star.
still buggy after all these years. quickbooks finally fixed the problem of not being able to enter the date for bank deposits in the app, but now it’s gone from bad to worse. now the bank deposit entry page won’t load. you get “this feature is not available at this time”. you have to close the program over and over again to finally get the bank deposit entry to load, sometimes even power cycling my phone. for $40 per month (minimum) you think they’d put a little more resources into their app, but they don’t have to since they’re a monopoly. still the buggiest app on my phone.
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
"barely acceptable. tldr; tracking work and getting paid are either impossible or broken via the app, but are functional in the online app, mostly. there are major features lacking in the app: you cannot add delayed charges from the app, invoices generated on the web are present but not *visible* in the app! your customer asks you ""what do i owe you"" and you pull up your fancy app to show him only to get an error that the invoice was created on the web so you then waste time to dig it out of your email, all the while feeling like a fool for agreeing to a perpetual subscription for incomplete functionality. this is your life with quickbooks online. accepting payments via app is a chore: to simply select your customer (which you must do for each payment) entails several annoying steps: 1. load payment screen (two taps) 2. tap ""select customer"" (no in-line search!) 3. tap search *button* to reveal search bar 4. tap search *bar* to bring up keyboard 5. tap the customer how could this critical workflow be so poorly executed? receiving payment is the actual purpose of qb right? since most businesses have more than a screen-full of customers it might be a sane default to just start a customer search as soon as a payment is selected, saving 5 taps. at least focus the keyboard to start searching when you tap the search icon, saving 3 taps. speaking of getting paid, though not directly related to the app: quickbooks payments is a broken product, you send an invoice with a balance forward and your customer has no option to pay balance forward, so you're stuck explaining to customers that the bill they just paid is not the *entire* bill, awesome."
what happened?. this app used to work perfectly. after the last update i can't use it how i used too. if they do not fix it soon i am going to have to look into other options
accounting software for accountants. i don’t understand why qb can’t get a clue and make a simple software package for small business owners. i don’t give @*!$ about debits, credits, assetinstaobligatonwhatacallits. i want to know 2 things; what did i sell and what did i spend. that’s it! brilliant! don’t know why qb has to make it so unbearably difficult. just browse through the community forums and you’ll understand what i mean. i use it to download and reconcile my bank account. all the other information is worthless to running my business. all these big, bright numbers on my dashboard that mean absolutely nothing.
great app. this app is great and it supports an even greater cloud-based accounting programme, i wish i had started to use it sooner. it is making my life so much easier.
best app for accounting. i used another app before but quickly switched to quickbooks. it is by far the best out there in the market in terms of features and ease of use. i am not an accounting expert but now i can quickly generate my financial statements and get funded. thanks a lot!
do you wanna raise downloads and revenue over 100 times?. worldwide promote your apps and rapidly increase downloads and revenue above 100 times! we are app marketing experts with rich experience, please contact us on facebook: he.gui.7792 .or ping me at skype/whatsapp: +8618990290838 .everyone can enjoy 3-day trial now!
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
great support but app is flawed. i have several companies setup on one login. this was done by qb themselves but it keeps crashing, stalling or telling me there is a fault. also don't choose 'other' as business type as list of income and expenditure categories is massively reduced and you will have to add the ones you want manually. customer service is excellent but i shouldn't need to know this!
1 step forward - 2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to re-download all the info. hurry up and wait. well they have updated it again, it just keeps getting worse. i beginning to feel like i'm the idiot for continuing to pay for this
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
master electrician. this app has done everything that i have asked of it. fantastic of estimating, invoicing and receiving payments in the field while on the job site. really saves me time.
very disappointed. there is very little you can actually do with the app.. not impressed am canceling the account.
very good app.. really like this app.
critical update!. i was just in the middle of a really long material list and a notification came up that there were critical updates to the app. clicked on ok.... lost everything! not impressed. there was no option to ignore or update later. according to the app update description it was just minor bug fixes etc, etc.
weak on the vendor side. great app but needs some improvements ( example when recording an expense, this app does not have the capability of recording the item count you spending for example ( 50 gallons of diesel * $3.25 = total) this app can't do this. very weak on the billing and statement for vendors
life is easier. this app has made invoicing for my business easier and more mobile. i no longer have to be in the office to create estimates, invoices, receive payments, etc... perfect for my marketing business!
awesome. this app is perfect for all users. i haven't found an instance where this app can not be used. it lets the boss and employee work together from anywhere. it can only get better with time. if u need an invoice or quote program. this is your app. (+more). a lot less paper work that's for sure. 😉
excellent app for small business!. i have to say that i have ised several versions of quickbooks however; the quickbooks online is the best yet!
best app for any business. i'm a musician and this app helps keep track of all my gigs and insures proper payment!
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
finally!. this app does all that i've wanted - expenses and all. good to se qbo is working at this. love the mobile experience.
quickbooks is quirky. i am not a fan because they just don't embrace mac users. the app is not reliably working.
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
great app!. wonderful app.
works smoothly. can't tell you how much time i've saved tagging receipts in this app. simple and useful.
great!. as a first time business owner and user of any accounting software, i am very happy with quickbooks on the whole and this app in particular. easy to use and understand without over simplifying what needs to be done. seamless integration without just about any software make this a great go-to for all your small business accounting needs.
does the job. very effective app to make small business owners productive.
great app!. i love this app for the ease of use for my clients and me.
wow!. such an easy app to use as a new business owner and entrepreneur this really helps keep track of tax purposes and client sales!
great app.. great app
poor customer service. i've had the app for 3 months. accounting part is fine. invoicing is fine. nothing spectacular. i set up the payment processing and have maybe taken 2 payments. most of my invoices are commercial which don't pay by credit cards. all of a sudden my credit card processing was terminated without any notice and no logical explanation was given. now since i have already paid for this i need to use multiple companies for my invoices which is the reason i switched to them in the first place. i would do your research before making the decision to use this company.
extraordinary app for business beyond traditional desktop. quickbooks rules a new dimension on simplified business processes. it is a great app well synchronized with online services, so you can manage different critical aspects of your business on the way and connected. its interface reflects trust, flexibility and fluidity.
great- can scan bills directly with phone. i use phone app instead of pc sometimes, as i can record bill right when i make purchase, complete with scan on receipt. awesome.
slowwww. it's embarassing when a client has to wait endlessly for a receipt, quote, or invoice. every other app postpones uploads or uploads in the background so you can move within the app without delay. instead of that simple convenience, you must wait and wait if in a service area at 1/2 cell or wifi strength or less. i can tolerate a delay in emailed receipts. i can't put up with not being able to produce one on screen in under 5 minutes.
great app so far. great app. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address.
curious???. i own a paint contracting business and we work all over nj and ny. i need to be mobile with the ability to run all positions of my business to keep that professional image along with being prompt on sending estimates and invoices. qbo gives me that full range on the go!! i'm just curious why make an ipad app that seems to have limited features when you can now simply logon through safari on your ipad have full features as if in your office behind computer?? any, amazing job on qbo all together. give the iphone app full features and i'll award 5 stars ;)
works great. this app works perfect for recording our small farms purchases and sales. it is very easy and convenient to use.
very helpful.... there are some glitches with a couple of the features but for the most part, it’s exactly what i need. a great help for record keeping and invoicing my customers efficiently. there should be an option to select and send multiple invoices at once. i have multiple invoices per customer each week.
general consensus. customer support for mobile app is horrible. the mobile app really needs some help. they should travel along with mobile users to see issues and frustrations that arise in the field. i am a professional but at times this app makes me look very unprofessional. the should work on offline features.
needs sort projects function. this app needs a function to sort projects by priority or due date; just as i have requested i have a dozen times in quickbooks online accountant. as far as i can tell this app would do me no good; it’s just something to look at, not actually do any work in. which would be fine for me. but it would be nice, on the fly, to be able to see what work is needed to be done by my staff, and, to see it as it’s due, not just a list of the projects by customer. that’s not beneficial at all.
scope for lots of improvement. given that this app has been out for many years, it seems like it has been neglected. the interface shows it. for example, if we touch a vendor, only the address shows up and nothing else. ideally, all details related to the vendor have to be displayed - po, bills and payments. many such improvements can be done.
great. makes invoices and estimates from phone look right professional. i use the desktop version as well and it would be great if the different versions spoke to each otherwise best solution by far
growing apps. always getting better and better
application ios. bonjour, enfin l’application ios a quand les prochaines mise à jour ? 1- adresse d’expédition inexistant dans les factures et les devis ? 2- impossible accéder au facture qui se trouve dans les brouillons 3- impossible de rapprocher les opérations avec la banque en ligne 4- impossible de mettre des pièces jointe dans les factures et devis
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2018 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays old scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and viewing p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable- looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. to best serve your paying customers i recommend perfecting your products before releasing them to the public. it just makes intuit look incompetent. dashboard doesn’t display all information.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
getting better all the time. still needs tweaking.. i use this app for my business every day, and the mobility is excellent. saves so much time in paperwork. i am waiting for a couple of fixes in the iphone version. 1. there is no way to change whether a discount is before or after tax as in the desktop and ipad versions (it's locked to discount after tax and to change it requires logging in on another device to make the change). 2. i'd love to see a couple more report options, particularly invoices by month as on the ipad version. other than having to log in on another device for these things, it's solid and i'd encourage anyone in a similar business (service industry) to use this app.
perfect. works great for my contracting business. i mainly use it for estimates and invoices.
great app.. wonderful!
fairly good . . . but. i can't believe they offer milage tracking with the intro version, but as soon as you up grade to a more powerful version it is dropped. i need this option too and now have to go to a completely different app to record milage. that is a real waste of my time.
pay attention to billing ~ unethical business practices. intuit upgrades subscription and charges more than advertised price when you are not looking. horrible customer service - unable to reach by phone to resolve their seemingly intentional billing errors. they practice unethical business behavior, but switching costs are very high once accounts are set up.
immature!. this thing keeps popping up rate me rate me please! well so here you go i'll rate you. we got quickbooks online and paid for the whole year to try it out thinking we can always come back to the downloaded version. it is very limited...... you cannot customize your invoicing or estimates at all very very limited. you definitely are much better off using some other kind of software for your estimating and invoicing purposes but wait that defeats the whole purpose of using quickbooks online. yes it does and is such a pain in the you know what. so far i'm sticking with joist for my estimating and invoicing until quickbooks releases a much better customizable online version of quickbooks online. by the way joist is free. quickbooks online charges you arm and a leg and they got three different tiers so basically if they don't get you on the way in they'll get you on the way out. overall i am disappointed with quickbooks online!
good for basic mobile use. i've been a quickbooks desktop user for years and switched to the web-based mobile app a year or so ago. it's very stripped down in features and custom form options in comparison. while i had to compromise some of the robust power i was used to, the mobile options makes it worth it. i'd like to see a few extras especially in customizing forms, but it is usable as long as you're flexible. if you are a small business owner on the go who needs some reliable basic bookkeeping options with invoicing anytime, anywhere, then this app works. reports are pretty solid as well. here, i definitely prefer it on my ipad.
superb!. i've been a small business owner for about 8 years and a true fan and user of the qb desktop version, but this app covers all the bases i need covered and makes invoicing customers so much easier. while it may lack some of the features and polish that are on the desktop version, for a one man band like myself, this is perfect and works brilliantly. only issue i've come across is a couple of times when i've emailed invoices they did not go out. so now i cc one to myself so i know it went. otherwise, this app is nothing but first class!
worthy app, very user friendly !!. personally this app is unbelievable. it dose pretty much everything. however, it would be even better if you could set up folders in a name customer by you. second, it would be even better if you could access certain command requests without it bugging-out. so far that has only happened once. otherwise it would have got five star.
very beneficial app. this is a very beneficial app. it does not replace the pc version but is an excellent aid. it's helpful to send invoices on the go or at the end of a service call. the sooner the customer pays the more chance you will get paid. as long as you keep things simple it is a very good aid!
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
app glitch. other than the recent app glitch all is good.
another update, still a poor application!. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my p/c...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then?? still, does not use all the functions of my iphone. i love how i can only rate this useless app once in the lifetime of having it,i would give it no stars if i could!
nice app. excellent app
can't save an invoice since update.. please fix asap. i use to use this app everyday and now i can't. i love quickbooks but this is bad!!
i recommend for on the go companies. i have been using the app for a year and it has work great for me no downtime and easy access on my phone. great app!
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
great app. very functional and easy to understand. works well with desktop version.
disappointed. i’ve been using the phone app for a year now. when the app works it is fine however it constantly freezes and my only option is to restart my phone. i have deleted and downloaded the app several times but it has not fixed the issues.
pretty good. pretty good app. could use a little improvement. doesnt have all the functions of the regular version.
perfect for my small business.. i run my own home improvement business and started using qb online and the app based on the recommendation of my bookkeeper. it's perfect for what i need. i use it to invoice customers on the spot, received payments instantly, then deposit the check online using my bank's app. year end i generate 1099s for subs and a p&l for my accountant. the snap shots and summaries keep me up to date with my business profitability. it is some of the easiest software i have ever used. i personally have not experienced crashes or bugs with it. the only limits are within my accounting experience. not the apps fault. i'm keeping it and would and have recommended it to friends and other small business owners.
bmb. have been using app for several months now. it is both good and bad. i love that i can take my work with me to record with my ipad, but would like to be able to transfer transactions from quickbooks online to quickbooks pro 2014.
mgrm. great app
too much and too little.. the various plans either offer too many bells and whistles or not enough basic functions for a small company. tons of redundant functions, and glitches are rampant. and quite frankly, except for the 1-2 year beginning subscriptions, the plan prices are overly expensive. cannot recommend this program/app at all.
participated promoted priceless!. it enhances your ability to multitask better than others. sleek app for all business owner's success!
great app. really happy and love quickbooks
qb app is useless. update quickbooks refuses to recognize they have a problem with data being displayed incorrectly on the ipad app. it simply doesn’t show all of the current expenses like the online version does. i deleted the app and reinstalled same problem, so please quickbooks support listen to us and fix the problem. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either. received a response from developer tried all their suggestions results the same. my mobile app doesn’t display an accurate picture of expenses. many others have noted the same thing. the solution isn’t to delete and reinstall the app. that’s not a solution that’s a work around.
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
owner. i bought my basic subscription through the apple store and now i want to upgrade to essentials has anyone done or knows how to do this
intuit quick books online. rad app! it performs quick calcs with the tap of a finger even better than the online version. nicely done!
how can i subscribe!!!!!. love the app, but when i try to subscribe it is impossible to accomplish! what the heck! can't you make it as simple as a push of a button?
must buy two services. i’m self-employed and need to track miles as well as be able to send estimates. with “quickbooks self-employed” you can track miles but you cannot send estimates. with “quickbooks online” you can send estimates but you cannot track mileage. to me, these things should be doable with the same service/app but here they are not. plus, customer service is not educated on their product or helpful.
"not useable in multi-user environment. so in april intuit ""reaches out"" that a fix is on the way. that was 5 months ago! i stand behind my criticism. still a 1 star. what is wrong with intuit programmers? yup, yet again another update, and still not useable in multi-user. my business has more than 1 user account. locations and classes do not work in their accounts. how many years will this take to fix a bug that has been present since day 1? another update and i stand behind my previous review(s). seriously? another update, and still not multi-user friendly. but, oh boy, something works with apple watch. when will intuit fix the multi-user issues? someone else mentions they fix bugs. i can say the exact opposite - they leave bugs for years! i want to use and like this app. i've looked at every update since the very 1st version. it does seem to be slowly improving, but is still not useable for my company."
very good app. :)
omg. if you don't have it you are missing out. this is the easiest and most helpful app ever.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
would recommend to everyone!. easily the best software to manage a small business. i am able to invoice customers with such ease that it makes me wonder why i haven't switched software platforms sooner! you can not go wrong with quickbooks. the app is so easy to navigate.
love this app. such a clean and well developed app for quickbooks! love it!
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
needs some improvements. great app only thing that would make it better is an offline version for the ipad
good app with room for improvement. the features they have work well, but many of the features on the website are not included. it has many of the customer options, but not much else. if they ever make this a fully functional app, i'll give it 5 stars.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: -stores repeat client info - allows for cc payment - allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice. - alerts me of tardy invoices - provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months income/expenses dislikes: - credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge - all of my invoices have an intuit logo - customer service is not great
touchid?. would be nice if app supported touchid since it will not save your password and logs you off automatically.
perfect app ,but not!!. this could have been a perfect app if it allowed two important features. 1) ability to add supplier bills 2) ability to add attachments while emailing estimates.
missing key functions. unless i am daft and can't see it, there is no option to add a bill. i just want to add a bill from a supplier to the company. adding an expense won't cut it, because some of the bills are not due upon receipt. i don't see the chart of accounts. i don't see the ability to pull up the supplier history to pay the bill or simply check up on the account. if these functions are available, they are not easily found, therefore making this app not very user friendly these are not super advanced needs. these are pretty basic functions that are not available on this app.
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
a shadow of a shadow. if you have any experience with the pc version of quickbooks, you will be disappointed. if you use the regular qb online, the ios app will disappoint you. the online version is already sharply cut down from the pc version, and this ios version is a huge downgrade from the online version. reports? there are three canned reports, nothing more. were you hoping to be able to run payroll? sorry, not here. i wish there was something nice to say about this effort, but i just cannot think of a single thing about this app that's worthy of praise. the worst thing -- and this is incalculably bad -- is that the qb online interface cannot be accessed from safari on the ipad. you have an ipad? intuit thinks you *must* use their app. unconscionable.
app will not open after update. app will not open on my iphone, making it impossible to input expenses and worse still accept payment on jobs!
a very useful application. i find it quite convenient to be able to enter expenses from my phone and include photographs receipts when i am on the go. i use quickbooks online and although the app is limited in some respects as far as functionality goes the limits that other reviewers have discussed has not affected my business at all. i like it a lot :-)
great support but app is flawed. i have several companies setup on one login. this was done by qb themselves but it keeps crashing, stalling or telling me there is a fault. also don't choose 'other' as business type as list of income and expenditure categories is massively reduced and you will have to add the ones you want manually. customer service is excellent but i shouldn't need to know this!
great for small business and photographers. we have had this for a few years and use the web, desktop and mobile app almost daily. (for mac/iphone) everything is flawless and the customer service is great! glenn fajota photography
very misleading. you can download the app for free and use it for free... for the thirty days 😡 then you have to pay 11.49 a month? 🤬 that
my dependable business partner. over the years, as a small business owner, i have come to depend on quickbooks. initially that made me extremely nervous, but i have found that both the app and the online version have come to be dependable and it's very important partner in my business success. they have made the app even more intuitive. i recommend it!
great. great app i use it everyday, makes invoices a breeze and makes it easier at the end of the year for tax purposes.
excellent. first time setting up a new business and first time i've used book keeping software. you can do so much with just this app - it's incredibly intuitive and so easy to use. stops me being afraid of the numbers side of my business and just lets me get on with work! absolute game changer. love it.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
awesome app!!. seamless and intuitive. can accomplish so much with this app. thank you!!
looks great!!!. keep the updates coming! great job of being quick to update the app and user interface and continuing to add great features!
worst user experience, terrible app and product. i’ve spent the last four hours attempting to use what should be easily configurable software, or at least is billed that, and this is absolute rubbish. there’s no way to modify a beginning balance contrary to what the “help” says, there’s no way to separate expense categories beyond the few default ones, and i am shocked that software that is this widely used is such a terrible user experience. both the web access and the ipad app are kludgy. don’t do it.
nothing good to say. nothing good to say about the app, the cloud version or the mac version of quickbooks. and i’ve used every version they hawked at me. some business don’t have inventory and sell products. and they just need a simple software solution to manage expenses and bill time and material and labor, send estimates and write checks. everything else rendered absolutely unnecessary. even the most “basic” version offered by them is still crowded with absolutely ridiculous and unnecessary features and you have to pay for them. and the apps interface is way to complicated and lacking because of it. and the visiting the mobile site is no better. i just honestly don’t see how so many people are complacent.
good but could be better. overall quickbooks online is a reliable usable and productive app. it continues to lack obvious things like an a/p screen on the landing page and better shortcuts to accounts. but it does the job well.
update is awful.. please fix the app. it was great until the last update!! can't even get tech support without it crashing.
love the app, but price is too high. i love the app, but when will the price increases stop. as soon as i have time to research other programs i will cancel my subscription. $40 per month is too much to just invoice customers and reconcile my bank statement.
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
works great!. having the app, makes it easier to give my clients an exact total immediately. it also makes it easier to track payments and purchases.
great app. easy to use for on the go business. wish it had check printing feature. please add that.
accept button doesn’t work.. love the app however this latest update the accept button doesn’t seem to work so you can’t accept the new line items from your bank feed.
finally!. ah, finally...an app worth paying for. i've been shopping around for ages trying to find a business program that suited me...there were lots suited to photographers, but the interface was kinda annoying. quick books is great...it's simple to use, it's an app not web-browser based and the design layout is pretty nice! something that's missing, is i can't add my banking details or a paypal link for different ways a client can pay me...which is a little annoying....and i'd love if we could make prettier invoices, but i guess not necessary...just my creative side wanting a bit of flair. overall, great so far!
best app for start up company. hands down this app is the best for any size company, once its all set and customized to your company you & your employees will operate more efficiently. take your time to learn it don't be afraid to call customer service they are very friendly and helpful.
please add a vital function. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. adding bank deposits etc. surely it's time to add this to the app. for me it's unusable
awesome app!. really useful app!!!
great business app. i truly do not know where my business would be without this app.
easy to use, even for a newbie!. great app. easy to use, even for someone with little accounting knowledge.
disappointed. while it does a few things that are nice, it's missing out on the majority of the things i'm looking for. it's also buggy. i can't change reports from accrual to cash. i can't compare reports to previous years to see how we are doing. it actually tells you to log into your online account to print. you can't export reports into numbers. i'd be able to over look a lot of these things if i could just log into qb online from my ipad and have full capabilities, but i can't. talk about buggy. it freezes most of the time. i really wanted to upgrade to an ipad pro and get rid of my laptop but i guess i can't do that at this time all because intuit can't get its online program or apps together. don't get me started on their customer service. the online program is a joke.
problems. what my bookkeeper is finding is payments being applied to the wrong invoices. it’s really messed things up. from the checks being deposited from my bank. also, for some reason my quickbooks is duplicating invoices. i will have to erase the app and download again.
buyer beware. after just starting my new business i spent a month with the software and enjoyed all the features it had to offer. however, when it came time to renew my subscription which i was prepared to do there was an issue with their billing system that didn’t allow me to subscribe. after spending over 8 hours on 4 different phone calls and chat support over 2 days the only solution they’ve offered is to export my data, create a new account, and re-enter all of my data by hand. yep, that’s right, they have an import function but their export function doesn’t output in the proper format to import it back into their very own software! all they offered was 40% off a 6 month subscription for my trouble (a $60 value) to cover the day i spent troubleshooting with them and the day or 2 it will take to re-enter all of my customer, invoice, and expense data by hand. their customer support people were friendly but were just following basic troubleshooting and even the supervisor i spoke with at the end was unable to make any headway putting a credit card on my account. i’ll be checking out other solutions like clientbooks since i don’t want to risk having my data being treated this way. —in response to developer response below— we tried that and in order to get the data out and “easily” back into quickbooks desktop i had to have a windows 7 machine running a particular version of ie - seriously? we even went further and tried to have your data management team do the conversion for me and even that was impossible since in order to do so i would have to add them as a user to my company data and i can’t do that since i can’t subscribe to add any more data (and apparently neither can you). honestly, it’s ridiculous that intuit doesn’t allow the billing to be updated somehow by your backend team and are trying to make me jump through 100 hoops just to get back to where i was.
great app unless you have employees you want to use it. the app works great if you're an administrator but if you have employees you've set up as users who you want to empower to add expenses directly into quickbooks (for example), which is a super basic feature that is 100% described as possible by intuit, you're out of luck. they are unable to see accounts when they go to attribute an expense to a particular account (or a class for the matter) and the app doesn't let them add an expense without attributing it to an account. and then, even though you wouldn't want employees to do this, if the employee tries to add a new account in the app in order to add the expense, whyte told they don't have permissions to do so. it's a bug for sure but a very big one that 100% cripples the app for those users. i can't believe this hasn't been addressed yet by a company and an app as big and established as quickbooks. please fix this asap!!!!
no customer support. this is potentially a great app, but customer support is non-existent - 3 emails sent and 2 weeks waiting for a reply to a subscription issue.
latest update is garbage. app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
great app. let's me keep up with things while i am on the go.
40 min on hold with customer support. the app works fine, but 40 minutes on hold with customer support? not so much.
works exactly as accounting software should. i installed qb with some trepidation. i was sceptical as i have been of invoicing software in the past. they've usually promised a lot, but delivered very differently in real world situations. however from the time i installed qb, it's worked brilliantly for me. the ability to customise various accounting heads, the intuitiveness and simplicity, yet power of the mobile ipad app has been a revelation. we're in the first fiscal year of using this software and converting from our manual accounting methods, but so far with us being in the third quarter of the fiscal, the software, reports and everything about the software has worked as it should! it has taken the pain out of manual accounting and manual report generation entirely! get your accounting systems up and running on qb. you won't regret it!
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
need to be able to access full site. maybe i haven't had enough coffee but most mobile apps allow one to bypass the app and go straight to the web based version. this is frustrating - trying to quickly locate a reconcile issue in the register and can't see the data i need to effectively do so...
buggy. try to submit feedback and can’t within the app. they removed the quantity column from invoices and their support is dismissive. this is a big company who price gouges and doesn’t really care about it’s customers.
quick rip for me.. i find this app so frustrating and difficult. i have had it for nearly a year, paying for the services i can't even use. i have been trying to cancel it but there seem to be no option on the app. the website is asking me to trial the whole thing again. i can't even call and talk to a person. hhhhelp. i need to cancel.
no multi currency in app. there is no multi currency function in the ipad app making it useless for entering overseas travel expenses.
great program!. the pc version is wonderful the mobile app is steadily on its way
great app. i’ve been a subscriber for about 3 years it’s a great app ... for me the one thing lacking is being able to enter and track progress payments.
valuable tool to have in the field. i installed the app, imported company files from my desktop and boom i was doing estimates and invoices in the field.
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
works for me!. i love this this quickbooks app can cross platforms. every entry is accounted for in a matter which device i use (and i have a ton). as with anything, there are glitches but they do not stop production. like everything can't be perfect all the time and with the constant improvement, bugs are expected here and there.
love it!. so simple to use… i absolutely love this app!
it is not the desktop version but online. are you running two or more company’s with the desktop version? you will need a subscription for each company. if you need some features then you will pay twice and pay more per year. not worth it for us. so how do we get our money back from the 90 day trial? don’t know yet. support only interested in selling us something else. would not tell us how to cancel and get the money back on the credit card. online help process no help either.
great app unless you have employees you want to use it. (even after the recent update that seemed to target the below issues, non of them were resolved). the app works great if you're an administrator but if you have employees you've set up as users who you want to empower to add expenses directly into quickbooks (for example), which is a super basic feature that is 100% described as possible by intuit, you're out of luck. they are unable to see accounts when they go to attribute an expense to a particular account (or a class for the matter) and the app doesn't let them add an expense without attributing it to an account. and then, even though you wouldn't want employees to do this, if the employee tries to add a new account in the app in order to add the expense, whyte told they don't have permissions to do so. it's a bug for sure but a very big one that 100% cripples the app for those users. i can't believe this hasn't been addressed yet by a company and an app as big and established as quickbooks. please fix this asap!!!! ** i appreciate the reply to my review but two updates later and one of which supposedly targeted this issue and yet the issue persists!
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
"not seamless, very frustrating. why isn't ""transactions"" listed as a choice in the left menu bar?! i wish the choices in that list were the same as they are on the web version of quickbooks online, making it a truly seamless solution. i also can't edit a transaction in the app once it's been saved, or make it a split transaction. so i have to go to web version anyway. this makes the app useless much of the time. it's incredibly frustrating, and if my accountant didn't ask that i work in quickbooks, i would abandon it in an instant."
simple. simple easy to use, love the phone app.
this app needs updated. this version won't work :(. not working reloaded app no go. :(
very mobile. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far
ok. good app but there're better ones
hate it. accounting manually with a ledger would be quicker than this program. i officially hate this program and will be changing to another accounting software in july. i have been using quickbooks since 2000 and used to love its simplicity but it has become time consuming and harder to use. make a mistake...can't fix it. if you are away you can't access all the features using the app - you have to find a computer and log on. app is garbage and pay run screen won't scroll so you can't edit anything like hours worked, for example. reckon looks like a really good alternative. maybe quickbooks should have consulted keychain when they developed the app. if you thinking of quickbooks for your business...don't do it! every employee of quickbooks must have given this a 5 star review.
yep. great app...appart from the lack of multi currency function...
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
good accounting app, need faster improvement. i am a new user. qbo is a overall well designed app. based on my 2 week use, the tax center needs improvement the most. the tax calculation is an important function for canadian companies. the tax center is so inflexible and poor design. default tax rates and tax group cannot be changed. manually created tax group cannot be deleted. if you tried playing with making new tax rates or tax group, you may end up with a long list of useless names and messing your tax calculation, especially if you are not working with it everyday. same problem was reported 3 years ago. if you add a new expense item from bank statement downloaded, you cannot adjust gst/pst paid. what you can do is after creating an expense item, exit and open the expense item again to correct the tax calculation. intuit please correct this tax center issue as quick as possible.
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
quickbooks app. great app makes my pool service business invoicing a breeze. i'm able to invoice on the job rather than back at the office. the time i save pays for the app every month. the only thing i'd like to see is either automatic statements or be able to send statements from my phone. thanks intuit
app. best app
limited for multi user. i wanted to be able to have a an app that i could send with my field employees. this one does not allow more than gross limits on data.
useless. this app is useless. you can't even see your check register. pathetic.
so close - incorrect/unreliable customer and invoice data. so close... run a decent sized lawn company with quickbooks and the mobile app is so close to being what i need. unfortunately where it falls short is the functionality i need the most in a mobile app: i'm on a call with a customer discussing their outstanding balance / open invoices... while he balance is always up to date, at the invoice level , it seldom is. invoices created recently (not minutes but within hours or days don't show up at all under the custom but they're reflected in the balance). payments ? even worse. i have customers with $0 balances but who's invoices show as past due in the mobile app. neither problem occurs in the online web version of qbobline. it makes it unreliable and almost unusable. i'm always having to tell customers i'll research and get back. fix this and i'd give it 5 stars... minor disappointments : can't enter journal entries or access certain account types like depreciation. again minor , overall this would be just what i need for our business without the two issues noted before.
brilliant. brilliant app keeps my business in order
quickbooks app. it has all the tools i need and is very convenient
"hardly ever ""quick"". i use this app weekly for a window washing business and my entire team suffers from the biweekly quickbooks bug! this would be a great app if they ever figured out how to keep it from having so many issues! i regularly can't send invoices to customers or it will shut down unexpectedly while trying to create one. it has it's stents of usefulness, and that's the only reason we keep using it. just know... if it's working well for you, count your blessings. it may not be long till they change something and the app gremlins come out."
getting better but a long way left to go. we switched to quickbooks on the recommendation of a number of accountants. then we realized that quickbooks online and the desktop offering are worlds apart. the app is good, but not great. the entire qbo experience is frustrating and getting support is difficult.
can't take payments in the app.. new app is working great, but i would love to be able to take a customers payment within this app instead of having to go back and forth between gopayment and quickbooks apps. one of these days. one of see days.
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multi-user access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
love this app. awesome
cant update billing info in app. slow, awkward layout, intelligent prefill of categories usually incorrect slowing down workflow. will be using moyob to set up accounts for my next fy.
slow response. that desktop version works great but the app is very slow. it takes more than 30 seconds just to launch the home screen.
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
it can take a long time to get fix to major issues. presently the app (possibly incompatible is an ios update) stopped allowing me to login. it recognizes i have entered the right credentials, then it force-logs me out in favor of an app update. then it will not let me log back in. it says it cannot find the company. this has been going on for two weeks. i have to delete the app, reinstall it, re-enter my credentials. it will work, but just the one time. that is messed up!
"good but could be great.. straightforward and the ""go-to"" program for easy billing, estimates, and bookkeeping. the online and app version is pretty cool. however, qb has a ways to go before it's no longer frustrating and buggy. the lack of flexibility in terms of invoicing styles is baffling and the confusing and un-user-friendly interface only compounds this. there are at least two dozen small issues that could be simply coded-away to take qb from a 3/3.5-star program to the 5-star program it really wants to (and should) be."
new update keeps crashing. well ever hour or two it crashes while i am in the middle of looking things up or when i am making an estimate for a customer. and this is with the pastiest update. oh and it keeps telling me there is a new update, but i already have it. fix it, my renewal is coming up and you aren’t the only game in town
brilliant app with loads of features!. so easy to use. so easy to learn. instant bank feeds. invite your accountant & bookkeeper & other users. so much support from intuit & the australian team. what's not to like? intuit have put together a great product for the small to medium business owner. thoroughly recommend this product.
really bad app. this app is really bad, lacks everything you would want from a app that is suppose to work with you online quick books. no registry access!
can't live without it. i don't know how i did business before this app. i love that i can access my company books anywhere. i love the way i can take a photo of the receipts for my expenses. thank you qb!
has potential. i'm not i fully understand why quickbooks is the worlds leading software for small business accounting. i'm dying for customizations for my invoices and estimates. these updates should work like a wysiwyg editor; immediate updates. desperately need more room for customizations on the invoices as well; they look like they are from 1995. the mobile app is ok, could be great. some things are not where you expect them to be but i guess i just have to learn that.
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
keeps my office in my pocket (when it works). i have been using quickbooks for almost 8 years and quickbooks online for the last several. having the option to invoice customers right from my phone helps a lot since sometimes customers will ask for additional services while i am at their house. if i would have used a preprinted invoice, i would need to edit it in the field. on the other hand, if i did hand written invoices i would have a mess of other paper work to do to keep track of all my income and expenses later in the year. on the other hand, by bank made a change to the format of their login page around 3 weeks ago. they noted that it might take a week for financial software (like qb) to adjust to the changes. they were mostly right. for the next week i could not sync my data. but when it did come back, all of my records were backwards. qb could accurately read my bank balance for checking and savings, but every record i had ever made was applied to the opposite account. i gave it a few days, thinking other users would complain and the issue would be resolved. didn't happen. i sent emails to my bank so their it team could alert qb about the problem. i also sent messages to qb. they said they would look into it. that was a week ago and nothing has changed. i called into tech support and waited on hold for over 45 minutes before getting in touch with a person. he tried for over an hour to help me resolve the problem, but was not able. he said he would need to get together with his team and see if a solution could be found and that he would call me at 1:00 pm the next day. that was 2 1/2 days ago and the problem remains. a friend of mine is starting his own business while all of this is going on. sadly, (for qb) i recommended wave accounting to him for his businesses. at least it's free.
"needs improvement. $600 a year... from your iphone you can't access essential functions such as: tracking inventory quantity on hand adding new inventory quantity adding new inventory to categories (i.e. services or taxable goods) sales tax reports moving line items when creating invoices. the above features need to be accessed from your pc, which is slow and cumbersome. if you have 2 ""bars"" or less of lte, takes forever or may not load and save transactions if you are in a remote area with only 4g coverage, it's inoperative, defeating the ""mobile"" part of your business. if your business deals with taxable sales, wholesale, and non taxable service, and your jurisdiction requires reports for each, you will need to create a custom report, prepare to set time aside for that. customer support lacks knowledge of basic business functions, if you can even get in contact with them. i've been a user for 2.5 years, better than when it was first launched, but far from the price of $50 monthly for plus($35 when you initially sign up). being that i have so many skews entered in it, i'm stuck with this service, hoping it improves. 😂 😞 better than handwriting invoices though...that takes it from 1 to 2 stars."
very handy. i use quickbooks online and the app on my iphone 6 plus and on my ipad. they work together seamlessly. i am an independent contractor and this fits my business perfectly. i don't deal with inventory, so i can't speak on that part. i invoice for labor mostly. i even created a new client and invoice the other day on my iphone while sitting in a traffic jam. works great. it keeps me informed of past due invoices so that i can follow up with my clients in a timely manner.
convenient app for my accounting on the go. love the user friendly interface and convenience of upkeeping my accounts anytime anywhere
a very useful and user friendly app. i started a business this year, i deal with realtors and property owners whom aren't living near me. i say this because i got on this app because i had to have a way to keep records easily and still do my work. and i have been grateful for this app since!! i have to say for me i like that i don't have to remind myself of bills not paid , and then it keeps records of materials bought and all business expenses with a few simple steps of connecting your bank and this app. they constantly update and add choices without making it ominous. so thank you quickbooks!!!! here's to another great year!!!
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb- can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
incredibly glitchy. the app is glitchy despite updates. i’m not super impressed by intuit in general. i use their payroll for my business, a lot of glitches there too. app crashes or spontaneously exits my selections to “accept” for no reason and i have to start over. does not learn well, i have to reteach things over and over.
quickbooks mobile app. greatest addition to my business i ever made!
functionality bugs. app works pretty well but have noticed a lot of features do not work from time to time. the logo for instance does not allow me for the past few days to upload or make changes. then all of sudden it may work or process. other then that the app seems to work great and fast.
qb. use it for my farm. fantastic app
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
"confusing and cluttered app. i love that nearly all of the features in the desktop app are here in the mobile app. however the interface, especially the home page, is confusing and cluttered. ""company activity"" is a bit useless as the default page. show me the charts of paid/unpaid invoices. i think the developers are tasked with including every single feature and that clouds their design judgement. it's not an easy ask but let's make this app more mobile friendly."
love this app!. i actually find this easier to use than the desktop version.
great app. it seems to work great! other then it not auto saving when i close the app, that is the only complaint i would have. everything else is awesome!
ceo of gd2k. this is a really good app it has help our business in so many ways. it help boost our profit margin we have been able to close deals, and make invoices right on the spot. i recommend this for a lot of different business with quickbooks online.
this is awful. i use intuit for taxes. i wanted to see if his app would offer something similar to a ledger. instead, i was forced into a trial for a subscription that i don’t know how to cancel even after speaking to the intuit sales department. there are no explanations on their website or in the app. nor is there a direct button to opt out that i found. i am not using it because it doesn’t provide what i’m looking for and the difficulty with opting out of the trial is more trouble than it’s worth.
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
great. i love this app. it does what i need.
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
downloading company data 24/7. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
not there yet. i still have to use qbo or desktop app to make deposits. kind of silly when i'm standing at a client's office taking a credit card or stopping in the bank with a few checks on the way home.
absolutely horrible customer service. i have called for over 6months on issues related to reconciliation of one of my accounts. hundreds of transactions are missed every month by their software and it hasn’t been pulling in correctly. after the 5th time of over an hour phone call- i decided to cancel my subscription and start over with a different accounting software. what’s the point of software if it isn’t doing the job it is supposed to? i’m back to counting receipts etc! fail quickbooks. it’s total junk. if you have it now- check your bank records in comparison, see how many transactions you’re missing. i’m probably not the only one.
terrible support - avoid. terrible, terrible support. continual promises of call backs from customer support agents on live chat never happen because the bugs you find are too hard. open tickets for bugs never get resolved. you ask for a supervisor or manager and you have to email the person you’re complaining about?! get told that because of system bugs you have to manually delete the key back in multiple entries. you’ll be left at year end with books that don’t balance like me. avoid!
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
excellent on ipad, good on iphone. i use this app on my ipad and iphone, it's pretty good on the iphone but it's darned good on the ipad. hopefully they will develop more features on both over time as it's still not a total replacement for the web browser version.
doesn’t keep track of suppliers. this app works fine as long as you only want to send novices. unfortunately it doesn’t tell what you owe your suppliers and allow you to pay their bills, so while you are running around invoicing clients the suppliers will be sending the bailiffs round to your office.
quick book user. amazing app ever
good app with a few issues. easy to use. easy to enter receipt into it. switching between companies is s pain you must log in and out to do that. overall a useful tool.
no es gratis. al principio lo configuras todo pensando que la puedes usar gratis aunque luego hagas compras en la app, pero no es así. lo configuras todo con tus datos personales y cuando terminas te dicen que debes pagar. y a mi opinión no es barata.
excellent app for small biz on the go. invoice from anywhere. super easy.
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole one-man business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
i love qb.. that is a great app for me.
amazing improvement in technology. we operate a wholesale division, a small brick & motor store, and two large e-commerce platforms that we participate in. quickbooks online and the combination of some of the apps will completely revolutionize how we process our accounting and retail transactions. saving us countless hours of time and increasing productivity
great app with a few refinements needed. this app, together with quickbooks online, does everything my business needs it to do, almost. but that's just my business. this is a very sophisticated system but easy to use! love it
i run my biz from the app!. i use qb constantly to invoice clients and log incoming checks. it's great for following up on past dues & creating invoices on the go.
wish it had outlook. awesome app. i wish i could send emails through outlook/hotmail instead of gmail. if there is a fix please advise.
owner. great app to take of of business anywhere i'm at!
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
"not worth money and it's free!. when it works it's ok at best but it's too flawed to take seriously. among its faults: failing to find entries on search even when the search term is correct. doing things like stating the ""delivery server is down"" when trying to email an invoice. the ""delivery server"" is not down as the user finds out when they continue to send other invoices. upon investigation of the fault it issues brainless messages such as ""you (name) and you (same name) we're working on the document at the same time and you (name) finished before you (same name) did. you get the point! app search not formatted with an ipad so the ipad user cannot see all of the information being searched for (when search works at all) seems to randomly wish to send verification text codes even though it claims that it should only happen once. updates do not address the faults just add a fluffy new feature. seems the app was slung together and no one researches how it might be used."
no access to payroll. the app seems to have a menu for everything except payroll. i find these types of oversights all over quickbooks online- glaringly obvious features that are incomprehensibly missing and customer service has no answers. don't waste your time.
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
sweet. app is so easy and convenient! greatest thing about it is that it synchronizes with square so i don't have to worry about writing anything down anymore again. the snap is such a great convenience!
open & closes. what's going on. the app just open and closes on my ipad. i can access is on my iphone, but the ipad version is not accessible.
another weak quickbooks mobile app. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my p/c...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then?? i love how i can only rate this useless app once in the lifetime of having it,i would give it no stars if i could!
"a lesson in poor user design.. this review is not about quickbook's design regarding the recording and posting of entries. quickbook's is deserving of this one-star review because of the terrible experience i had today with their customer service and subscription processing that snowballed into a 2-hour ordeal. i want to preface by saying i had the pleasure of meeting a few lead ux designers for turbotax so i was actually biased for quickbooks prior to this. my free trial expires in two days and i had planned the whole time to pay, i just procrastinated on doing so. today, however, i attempted to log-on and was greeted with a ""trial has expired"" message. 1) this happened 2 days before my trial period ended 2) i couldn't log in to pay because my trial expired. i later discovered this was because i initially set-up the account on ios, but there was no message to indicate this to me at the time, and i was forced to wallow in my frustrations. after repeated attempts to log in i was able to get into my qb online account when i accessed the site through my history.(not sure how that worked but that’s not the point here.) i finally get in and hit the “subscribe now” button and enter my payment information. i get a “something’s wrong, please re-enter your payment information.” so i do so. and i do it again. still nothing. i switch to my credit card. still nada. i then tried to go into settings and access the subscription tab but it wasn’t there, which after some googling i discovered was probably because i opened the account on the ios app. figured this was also why it wasn’t accepting my payment information. all of this trouble just to pay for the service. but don’t worry, it didn’t end there. so my itunes account is attached to my family payment method, which i don’t want paying for quickbooks. i would like to pay for my accounting app with my business account—makes sense right? well, you have to pay through itunes if you open your account on ios. so i get support on the line and “message an agent,” meticulously explaining my issue. we go back and forth and he tells me that i have to contact itunes if i’m having trouble changing my payment method(not what the problem was). from the message you can tell he really doesn’t understand at all what i’m saying, and he was frustrated by that and was rude because of it. i tell him that i would not like to change my itunes payment, that i’m trying not to pay through itunes because i want to use my business account. he leaves me on read. wonderful. so instead i ask support for a callback. a very kind lady takes my case and after spending quite a bit of time trying to figure out what to do she’s about to walk me through what she thinks is a solution when my wifi goes out, so i told her i’d have to call back. and that’s where i am now. point: i spent nearly 2 hours trying to just pay for a subscription. absolutely ridiculous. 1)trial ended early 2)couldn’t log into account to pay 2.5)didn’t tell me to try my ios app 3)just let me mindlessly enter my payment information without telling me that it was never going to work because i have to pay through itunes 4)nobody at quickbooks thought that a business owner wouldn’t want to pay through their itunes account? 5)disappearing subscription tab without an explanation other than in the forums 6)a rude, confused, and unhelpful customer service agent"
inferior to qb online on desktop. qb app on ipad or android does not not have even half of the features that qb online has on a desktop. i can manage basic invoicing, basic expenses, see transactions, and pull up basic reports... everything about this app is basic. i have to actually be on my desktop to access the full features of qb online. very dissapointed.
quality control team is on vacation?. one star to this version because it crashes immediately after i try to open. i deleted it and installed a new version, but same problem. i rebooted my iphone, but same problem. still works on my old ipad because the version is older. force back your quality control team!
a poor mobile companion to qbo. there are so many things wrong with this app. for example, expenses have a note field that doesn't show notes entered in qbo (web). the length of the expense category field is so short that i can't distinguish among categories, especially nested ones. the app generally lacks the functionality it would need to make it a truly useful companion to qbo.
no consistency between apps or pc. your options and functions between desktop ipad and phone are all completely different. need to send a statement of invoices from the field no problem if you have a laptop, you’ll just have to wait until you get home if using a tablet or phone. need to get your company id for customer service to resolve an issue? no worries just make sure your not on an ipad because you cant find that information under settings like the phone and desktop version. this would have been 4 stars easily if there was any congruence between experiences. the lack of consistent performance and the hassle of trying to remember what i did and didn’t do in a day so that i can do it once i’m home eliminate the usefulness and in my opinion benefit quickbooks online is supposed to bring. would have chosen a different billing program had i known. now i have to weigh the hassle against the effort to port my billing to another platform. save your money and take your business elsewhere if you work from the field.
happy and safe. at last. an easy to use app that work well for fast quoting and invoicing while on the go. my b2b clients are very impressed on how fast my quotes/invoices come in. it's a great selling point to my business.
awesome. such a great package. it made my life so easy with the phone app that i can raise invoices and quotes on the go. it also makes your business look heaps bigger and professional by having proper invoicing that allows taking signature on quotes too. loving it.
great app!!. this is a fine app, help me to run my business on the go.
fixed, really?. i waited and waited for this app to come. the app itself works wonderful, with the exception that the invoice created can only be sent from the ipad. because of this if my customer uses anything other than webmail they do not get the attached pdf since the app encloses the pdf onto the body of the email as opposed to it being attached. when i submitted a ticket for this issue i was told this is a known problem and the ticket was closed. really, instead of creating a means of getting the invoice to the customer the ticket just got closed? i guess it is back to opening the laptop and logging in to the full site since trying to go to the full site via the ipad is severely limited.
good product. use this for small business. works good for all basic business functions. updates have made it even better. i enjoy and appreciate this product.
nice to use. app puts info at fingertips. run reports, check balances and review transactions easily.
miss e hughes. fantastic resource easy to you & amazing customer service.
very helpful business tool. small construction business, i can do all my basic bookkeeping at lunch hour with this app
unable to download. it keep saying you already own this app so it will download, but nothing happens
shiny useless tool. this app looks awesome. very well thought out design and it appears that most of the functions are right at my fingertips. not so. i have used it mostly for categorizing expenses. i was trying to run a report, but nothing really made sense. i went first to google to look for some tutorial videos, but it appears that most of the videos available online are only advertisements. that is when i went to the help and support section in app. in the section there is a faqs area. perfect! when i read the only article in this section i thought it must be some kind of joke. it was an article on how to get to the faqs section on the app. it is like some perverted groundhog day scene, or like when you are reviewing a resume for a potential new hire and one of the sections is the filler text from the template they created the resume from. i expect more from this company. fix this or simply remove it.
app crashes ughhh. app crashes after you sign in. please fix!
"very good app.. i am an electrical/mechanical contractor and i have recently switched from quickbooks desktop to qbo. mainly for the mobile ability. i do not do too much with the mobile app, but i do make an occasional invoice or receipt. it is never going to be as fast and easy as doing it on a computer, but it comes in handy. i like to look up past invoices, customer info, or my prices for various materials. the only thing i can really say that i would like to see changed, is the ability to see the vendor/supplier info under a product. i take the time to enter the ""description on purchase forms"" on the computer, but i can't see it on my phone. i have an iphone 5s and it works great. the map function transitions to the map app seamlessly. i can add photos easily into the qbo app via the ""notes"" function. all-in-all it is a good interface."
life saver!. i absolutely love this app. when i first started out and i didn't have that many funds in the bank, this was one expense i didn't even have to overthink. after using quickbooks online app for only a week i knew i could never go back to organizing my finances on my own. i use it every single day!
freelance business functions like agency. this app is brilliant. i can check the status of invoices, p&l's, reference invoices, and client trends. best business app i have on my phone!
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
i recommend for on the go companies. i have been using the app for a year and it has work great for me no downtime and easy access on my phone. great app!
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
love it. this is a great app to keep your accounts up to date on the fly.
keep crush !. my iphone version is ios11.2.1. i can’t open this app. keep crushing. please fix asap.
good software, app needs work. quickbooks online is a great way to manage your business. this app, while functional, still needs some work
quickbooks online receive payment is terrible. if you can afford to have your customers pay online then have quickbooks charge you for each payment received then taking those payments on putting hold on them like in them up for three months before releasing the funds then get the software your small business and can’t take the risk of having your customers payment held up at any point for any reason you don’t want this software. i had quickbooks online and option to receive payments online. two of my customer made seven consecutive online payments for over $19,000 without notice explanation or a valid reason. quickbooks put a hold on the deposits into my account. these same custom previously paid online with no problems the account showed customer payment received but not deposited. quickbooks never notified me or explained to me why they didn't deposit for funds or what their policy was regarding holding customer online payments without depositing into bank accounts.payments. after making several calls to quickbooks they finally told me that the funds were put on hold because of possible fraud and requested i send them in with the mask of documentation regarding the service and items performed and sold, were the items came from purchase price customer payment receipts hello cremation that i didn’t feel need to be disclosed. even though the customers payments had cleared their account quickbooks held the funds for over 90 days, collected the interest and gave me the runaround with a list of things to do in order to have them to release the payments and deposit them into my account. quickbooks only release the funds after i threatened to go public and blast them on social media. i would not recommend you choose to receive payments online through quickbooks. first there fees for receiving payments online are excessive, then they are subject to keep your customers payments and not deposit into your account, without notice or explanation or valid reason for any amount of time. very disappointed in quickbooks for doing this and the customer service responses i received when trying to get an answer why it was done.
better than others. i do recommend qb online and from my desktop it works perfect. but for an intuit product and compared to the desktop version, trying to work on my ipad, it sure doesn't do all it should. it took quite a while to figure out the quirks and logistics of the app, i'm still annoyed with the lack of certain features after a year of use. like why i can't print directly from my ipad/iphone which is what i mainly use. and i don't like the form layouts, and that it's hard to change the shipping address under the same client from the app. but, it does sync well with the web/ipad/iphone and does a reasonable job of keeping things organized, which is very important and the problem i had with the previous app we tried.
awesome. this is a great app it's really easy to use with seamless integration with my desktop version. the response has been consistently fast when you process transactions, highly recommend !
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
pretty good could be great. this ties in nicely with the desktop version. it's not 5* purely because of the actual software not the app itself. the customising of the invoice isn't great and adding previous invoices when you first start isn't great but if you're not worried about that it works well!
terrible, embarrassing. after purchasing and downloading the app, it worked fine on day 1. tried to open it and show it off...it would not open. the next day, i gave it another chance. i successfully created an invoice template and then tried to edit a service. the app then froze. i will obtain a full refund and never give this another look.
great for mobile small business !. we couldn't live without our quickbooks online mobile app! look up information and match bank transactions right away. would like to see more functionality for customer and vendor invoicing and billing options as well as filtering but overall a great, easy to use tool.
rubbish. on quite a few occasions including the last six or seven attempts ‘unable to get all my quickbooks data’ think i’ll be binning this app!
"missing a couple things. would be even better if the mobile app allowed you to enter the ""ship time"" and ""ship date"" and if the ""reports"" could be viewed on the app- could be more full service"
jtw1234567. awesome app. i don't have time to do all of this and run my business too.
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
great app. i wasn't sure how much i would use this app, but the ability to check status of accounts and stay on top of basic needs while out dealing with clients has me sold. could have more functions but i'm not sure it needs to.
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!! also, the separation of vendor mtce from vendor transactions is opposite of the web interface. same for customers.
great app. great app and great accounting platform.. i switched from using invoice2go and myob on pc. it's so much easier not having to re enter invoices twice. i love the bank syncing which is accessible from the ipad app. it lets you sign invoices and estimates. it was a little leggy but now it's upgraded it downloads the data to the app so it's much faster now. quickbooks are making lots of changes and keep developing the platform for the better. it's very intuitive and a joy to use. it's obviously not as comprehensive as the full install version but it's enough for small / medium business. it has a separate add on for payroll which i have not used yet but i assume it will work well.
time saver. saves time to be able to categorize expenses from my phone.
lacking. app is seriously lacking in functionality. don’t buy quickbooks online unless you plan to do most of your work from a desktop. kind of defeats the purpose. way overpriced and they keep raising the price too :( wish i had stuck with the quickbooks pro platform.
best app ever. love quickbooks online.... easiest way to keep all my accounts and expenses in order.
good app and great support. easy to use although experienced problem with vat rate not being editable in online desktop version. intuit' response was really quick and efficient and friendly. highly recommend.
awesome. love it , great app.
forget using with iphone or ipad. app is hopeless!. despite being sold this online accounts app so that i can use it with my iphone and ipad so i can cut out the amount of work i bring home it has the following issues: it does not support pinsentry for online banking. therefore it does not link with my bank. i have to borrow my daughter's old laptop. it does not pull through personalised invoices, estimates and statements on my iphone or ipad. my work either looks messy or i have to go in and edit each document separately. i am in dispute with quick books over these issues as i have been sold an accounting package and app which is not ready for sale to the public.
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
updates that don’t install. and yet they won’t a install once again on ios you would think it people would get it
nice app that works well!!. works well, well thought out and presented. helps me day to day for sure!!
game changer. changed the way i handle my business transactions. from a simple to complex my invoices and estimates are presentable, traceable and accounted for. my reports help me secure loans in a flash. and my accountant loves me.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
a long way to go. basic but does the job not the best app
report must show sales receipts as well. reports must show sales receipts as well and not only invoices. qb allows you to generate sales receipts for customers who paid at the point of sale, hence the report functionality in the app must show these receipts as sales otherwise, the whole report is meaningless. also, more basic reports are needed such as p&l, balance sheet, suppliers, transactions....etc. thx anyway.
app is good support is horrible. call qb for basic questions lady name amanda hang up on me.. dial back in the she place me on hold for 15 minutes
trouble with ipad app. hello, i have the app in my iphone and it works great, but i have downloaded the app in the ipad and it tells me: looks like your account doesn’t include access to the quickbooks online mobile app... what i need to do to have access?. please advice! thanks
great app. great for on the go owners.
no longer works. this used to be a brilliant app. emphasis on “used to be”. for over a month the app hasn’t worked. it crashes before you can log in. i spoke to someone in the call centre that said, “they’re aware of the issue and are working on a resolution”. well, it’s been nearly two months and the app still doesn’t work. don’t buy a subscription if you want to use the app because you won’t get your money’s worth. yes, i can use my laptop and send invoices from my laptop, but that doesn’t help me track expenses when i’m out and about via my mobile right there and then.
great app overall. great improvement to the app. can pull up a lot of information on demand. still need some better viewing of bank register on the app. also need to be able to click on expenses in p&l to drill down into the detail. still a great app, but areas to improve.
pretty good. it’s works on all my devices except, not equally... not being able to run payroll from any app is annoying, i can’t send receipts from my iphone, but can with the ipad? why even allow me to hit send a receipt from my phone if the send button is always grayed out? 🤷🏼‍♂️ qbo does a lot for my business but having to have a laptop, phone, and ipad with me just to use the program is frustrating sometimes, sometimes like just before i wrote this review... haha.
couldn't do it without this app. love this app. sooooo mobile friendly!
fair app version, but not good as browser version. i’m not able to select item groups when creating an invoice. also im not able to enter sku when creating an item. neither im able to search items by sku info... they dont let you set a fixed price for an item group on any version of the software which o find really easy to implement by code which is dumb...
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
deposits take too long. overall the app is convenient for clients to pay me, but it takes entirely too long for deposits to be posted to my account.
quickbooks online is great. i love being able to add expenses while on the road. i appreciate the snapshot of where my business is performing. it is great to have a record of what’s going on!
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
love this app!. i love this app! having this has simplified how we run our business and makes it extremely easy to professionally deliver our product to our customers on the go!
need app to send estimates from mobile devices. looking for way to send estimates from phone when away from office. i have been testing this qbo out for a week, this in no way replaces desktop version. currently not willing to quit the desktop version. there are a few apps out there for free that create estimates/ invoices, but don't sync with quickbooks. i had high hopes that this would be the answer, even willing to pay $20 for the app. but when i found out that i must choose between desktop and qbo, and that i have to pay a minimum of $15/ month........ i just don't do enough outside business to justify $180/ year quick books needs an app for estimates that syncs with desktop. been using desktop for about 3 years now.
great tool for the field!. we use this on iphone (as old as 3gs) and ipad (2nd gen), haven't installed the most recent update, but so far haven't encountered the bugs some are reporting. it is a very useful tool in the field for many purposes although it isn't the complete desktop experience. if you need to create estimates, invoices, input new clients or update data it's excellent. create an invoice and email it on site of the job or sale. you can review expenses, but it's not really for paying bills or managing bank accounts at this point. what it does, it does well and functionality is steadily improving. definitely worth having if you are qb online user. fyi: it's strictly aimed at those who do their bookkeeping online; it isn't meant to interface with desktop only versions of qb.
extremely limited. no credit memos, you can't have a simple addition of how much you have to receive in open invoices at a specific date, no journal entries. i have only my ipad pro and if i try to access the web version, it's not compatible with any browser on ios. so you're stuck and you need a pc/mac only for these things. it's a terrible, terrible experience.
great but…. this app won’t get more than two stars until i can enter a single time activity from my phone.
quickbooks online app. although i do like quickbooks online, the mobile app version is horrible. i downloaded and logged in and it did give me my balance sheet, but said i had no expenses, i could not find a way to put in a journal entry and other reports showed zeros as well. i deleted it from my ipad and will just use the non-app version ( which you need google chrome vs safari to work properly- not a big deal but a bit odd).
great app. very user friendly. easy to edit and add customers.
great app. it's a one stop accounting app for me and it's made my life so much easier having it.
"a lesson in poor user design.. this review is not about quickbook's design regarding the recording and posting of entries. quickbook's is deserving of this one-star review because of the terrible experience i had today with their customer service and subscription processing that snowballed into a 2-hour ordeal. i want to preface by saying i had the pleasure of meeting a few lead ux designers for turbotax so i was actually biased for quickbooks prior to this. my free trial expires in two days and i had planned the whole time to pay, i just procrastinated on doing so. today, however, i attempted to log-on and was greeted with a ""trial has expired"" message. 1) this happened 2 days before my trial period ended 2) i couldn't log in to pay because my trial expired. i later discovered this was because i initially set-up the account on ios, but there was no message to indicate this to me at the time, and i was forced to wallow in my frustrations. after repeated attempts to log in i was able to get into my qb online account when i accessed the site through my history.(not sure how that worked but that’s not the point here.) i finally get in and hit the “subscribe now” button and enter my payment information. i get a “something’s wrong, please re-enter your payment information.” so i do so. and i do it again. still nothing. i switch to my credit card. still nada. i then tried to go into settings and access the subscription tab but it wasn’t there, which after some googling i discovered was probably because i opened the account on the ios app. figured this was also why it wasn’t accepting my payment information. all of this trouble just to pay for the service. but don’t worry, it didn’t end there. so my itunes account is attached to my family payment method, which i don’t want paying for quickbooks. i would like to pay for my accounting app with my business account—makes sense right? well, you have to pay through itunes if you open your account on ios. so i get support on the line and “message an agent,” meticulously explaining my issue. we go back and forth and he tells me that i have to contact itunes if i’m having trouble changing my payment method(not what the problem was). from the message you can tell he really doesn’t understand at all what i’m saying, and he was frustrated by that and was rude because of it. i tell him that i would not like to change my itunes payment, that i’m trying not to pay through itunes because i want to use my business account. he leaves me on read. wonderful. so instead i ask support for a callback. a very kind lady takes my case and after spending quite a bit of time trying to figure out what to do she’s about to walk me through what she thinks is a solution when my wifi goes out, so i told her i’d have to call back. and that’s where i am now. point: i spent nearly 2 hours trying to just pay for a subscription. absolutely ridiculous. 1)trial ended early 2)couldn’t log into account to pay 2.5)didn’t tell me to try my ios app 3)just let me mindlessly enter my payment information without telling me that it was never going to work because i have to pay through itunes 4)nobody at quickbooks thought that a business owner wouldn’t want to pay through their itunes account? 5)disappearing subscription tab without an explanation other than in the forums 6)a rude, confused, and unhelpful customer service agent"
great app. the only thing this app is missing is being able to generate reports. give me that and i'd gladly pay a few bucks for this wonderful tool. saves me a lot of time
great functionality for mobile versatility, could be improved. qbo has made my invoicing and receiving payments from clients, much easier. i like the mobile aspect, app has just enough functionality that makes it easy and convenient to use. as of recent though, certain data won’t sync with qbo browser version. vendors, in particular, don’t sync up. this makes it a little tedious because you cannot see all your transactions in the app, even though it’s there in browser version. customer service has been excellent every time i’ve called.
great companion app to the main qbo. i like this app a lot. it really helps run my business and to continually update my main desktop app.
vast improvement over qb software. i can't even begin to describe how much more user friendly qbo is. i'm not just talking about the app, but about the entire online system. i used qb 2008, 2011 and 2013. it did what i needed it to do - but it wasn't very pleasant or user friendly. on several occasions - usually around upgrade cycles - i had issues converting data to new formats. with qbo, viewing the data is a lot easier, and feels more...airy and open. that sounds cheesy, but when you're looking at numbers a lot, it gets monotonous. i can do just about everything i did on the old software, with the added bonuses of doing the work directly from my phone if need be. the most important features - sending invoices, viewing customer info, and checking profit loss statements, is all there within easy reach. a few suggestions for improvement: 1. it would be great if we could process a credit card payment directly from our phones, for clients that already have signed an agreement, and we have their cc info on file. currently, you have to add the cc info again, manually, on the phone each time if you are processing from phone. this is especially useful with recurring invoices that need to be processed while i'm on the road, and i can't get to my laptop. 2. delayed charges that get converted into invoices cannot have payments received against them on mobile app. not sure why, i get a message saying that i have to process delayed charges from website. 3. when i brought my customer data into qb online, i could not bring in my recurring transactions (formerly memorized transactions) - they had to be rebuilt from scratch. it took me nearly three months to get them all in the system, on and off when i was able to work on it. totally worth it, but in hindsight i wish there was an easy import tool, which cross referenced the customers associated with the recurring transactions. overall, i am still confident that making the switch to quickbooks online was the right choice. thank you and keep up the good work.
love it. best app ever
great app. great app for busy people! this is really useful for trades people and consultants. highly recommend, super easy to use
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
subscription renewal poorly thought out. i have been using qbonline for more than a year. it picked the worst time to time out and demand a subscription renewal. further it requires multiple logins and you must be st your desk top. nothing more frustrating than what amounts to a software crash when you are trying to get things done. huge fail quickbooks
good. excellent app. some very slight issues with layout and the occasional page that can't be used on ipad. but overall good. would recommend to others
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
always on the go!. right off the bat, an excellent application. i read 90% of the reviews especially those that are lower than three stars, because i wanted to know what i was looking for in the negative aspects of the application. only a few things i would complain about the mobile app is that there is no way to reconcile bank/cc accounts. i understand they're in the works but in my mind that would've been one of the top function of this application since it deals with finances and bank accounts. it took too long to figure out how to work some of the functions versus the quickbooks online for the regular pc usage. and then finally, i would like to see some of the other quit applications integrate with quickbooks online such as quickbooks self-employed. other than those minor complaints, the application is a great app for someone like me it's always on the go and forget to include invoices, expenses, and payments.
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
getting better. i'm a consultant and a quickbooks pro advisor. i've used just about every version of quickbooks since 1998 when i started. i've seen it evolve and grow sometimes for the better sometimes not so much... but fortunately the mobile version is improving. as a consultant the one thing i that would be beneficial would be the ability to enter billable time to a client from my mobile device. it's the one thing that's truly lacking in all mobile apps. other than that this evolution has improved over the past two years substantially.
good but can be better. the app is pretty good, i like how you are able to categorize the bank feeds. it’s laid out nicely. the only thing i would really like to see would be a detail when “matching” the transactions. you were only able to see the amount and often times there are several items with the same amount. it would really be nice to see whether it’s a transfer an invoice or the account that you are matching the transaction to. you could simply add it as a small detail underneath the amount.
stock. the app doesn’t show stock levels under the products tab ! need this feature asap
background usage accounts for 50 percent of battery life. this app completely drains my battery. i thought my battery was broken and was about to replace it, but apple tech report suggested i check on battery usage by app and i discovered quickbooks was the culprit.
stopped working after the update. this was working great until the software update last week. now i end up creating multiple copies of invoices and estimates and the app just freezes on the saving screen. i can only finish off by logging in through a web browser and completing the task. please fix this fast intuit!
great mobile app but.... great mobile app, very convenient. however, i could really use a way to do bank deposits on the mobile app.
effective app!. truly effective application.
app shortcomings. if you are a business owner or manager and having ready access to view/pay taxes and entering a bill is important to you, this app is worthless as you can’t do that. i was hoping to ditch my laptop for travel and just take my ipad pro with keyboard, but, this is not viable, at least for me. and if you think you can bypass the app for these things and open up qbo via web browser and work with that, fuggedaboudit, doesn’t render or work properly.
great app. absolutely awesome tool for my company
great app unless you have employees you want to use it. (even after the recent update that seemed to target the below issues, non of them were resolved). the app works great if you're an administrator but if you have employees you've set up as users who you want to empower to add expenses directly into quickbooks (for example), which is a super basic feature that is 100% described as possible by intuit, you're out of luck. they are unable to see accounts when they go to attribute an expense to a particular account (or a class for the matter) and the app doesn't let them add an expense without attributing it to an account. and then, even though you wouldn't want employees to do this, if the employee tries to add a new account in the app in order to add the expense, whyte told they don't have permissions to do so. it's a bug for sure but a very big one that 100% cripples the app for those users. i can't believe this hasn't been addressed yet by a company and an app as big and established as quickbooks. please fix this asap!!!!
functional but could be better. i use the app on my iphone and ipad to keep on top of my business books. the app is great for simple things and entering everyday expenses, but i still can't enter time activity from my phone and when i have an invoice with billable time and materials, the app won't even open it. so i have to use the mobile browser which is a pain. i've had to setup a remote connection to an actual desktop browser so that i can do somethings that the mobile browser and the app just won't do because the features aren't developed. it would be nice if some focus would go to making all access points equal. if i could do everything in the app that i can do from the desktop browser, then i think that we'd be in business.
not useable in multi-user environment. seriously? another update, and still not multi-user friendly. but, oh boy, something works with apple watch. when will intuit fix the multi-user issues? someone else mentions they fix bugs. don't be fooled, they fix the bugs they want to fix, but apparently none of the bugs that keeps my business from using this app. i want to use and like this app. i've looked at every update since the very 1st version. it does seem to be slowly improving, but is still not useable. my business has more than 1 user account. locations and classes do not work in their accounts. not in any sales forms. not in expenses. when my other users go to customers, they see total sales for the last 90 days. they do not need to, nor should they see this. if i cant't have my employees use this app, it is useless!
finally!!!. finally, quickbooks has catered for the truly 'on the go'...and the app is really good too! well done intuit! just need to make this drive down the cost now and then we would really be goo :)
extremely frustrating!!. i've been using quickbooks for my small business since the late 90's. i decided to transition to mobile invoicing, so i purchased and ipad pro and downloaded the app. it has been so unpredictable. sometimes, it will work flawlessly, and other times it's awful. most of the time it has to do with saving information. i'll spend over an hour typing in a long detailed bid proposal, only to watch the saving icon spin, and spin. finally, after 30 minutes of spinning, i'll exit out and lost!!!!!!! it's happened to me at least a dozen times. not happy!
subscription hell. terrible customer service.. when i first downloaded the app i was offered an introductory offer if i signed up for a subscription within 24 hours. £5.99 instead of the usual £12.99. seemed like a good deal so i signed up on my work ipad with my work apple id 10 months in to the subscription i log into the app on my phone and a screen pops up to say i no longer have a subscription. so i quickly sign up to a subscription l, the only option being a full price £12.99. a couple days later i realise i’ve accidentally signed up with my personal apple id. so i cancel that subscription and log on to the app on my work ipad to sign up again with my work apple id. only to find out that i’ve been charged twice for the same month, on two different apple ids. now i’m stuck because i’ve got a £5.99 subscription that’s not registering me as being subscribed on quickbooks. ideally i don’t want to cancel it, because i’ll have to revert to a £12.99 subscription. i’ve been unable to send any invoices for the past three weeks or log any of my receipts. i’ve tried to contact intuit. i’ve emailed them, they don’t respond. tried the live chat, doesn’t work. spoken to them on the phone. says there’s nothing they can do, i have to chase apple for a refund. i told them i could email screenshot proof of all the issues i’m having. they gave me an email address. i send an email and they don’t bother responding to me. i go to report the issue to apple and there webpage tells me to contact intuit!! terrible customer service. no interest in sorting the issue out. update: got another email from apple to say that i’d gone into another month of my subscription. i’ve now cancelled it. so i’ve now paid three months and not had access to the app. i phoned intuit one final time to resolve the issue. the best they could offer me was to transfer my subscription to intuit. a full price subscription with a 30 day trial. exactly the same as any new customer. they couldn’t do anything to compensate for the time i’ve been paying and unable to use their service. so they’ve lost my me as a customer. tried to get a refund from apple and they said no.
rubbish. i hate apps that first want you to sign up before you can try or see info re any costs. this is one of them. i signed up yet still can’t try it as it asks i try a 7 day free trial first. well, i don’t mind but i’d like to see what i’m getting before signing my life away. i don’t want every app to have my email. as it is, after all the signing up this app isn’t what i want and is too fussy. next !!!!!!!
not as great as promised. i used qb desktop for 18 years, the sales calls to switch to on line were non stop. i finally decided to make the switch. right away they could not transfer my old files over because of corruption. so i had to start from scratch. the learning curve is frustrating. they constantly upgrade software by changing things and not necessarily for better. some simple operations like making a payment for a customer with multiple locations is ridiculous, takes 5 more steps than it should. i would hesitate to recommend going from desktop to on line. the display settings have to be adjusted every time you open a window, seriously no one has figured that fix yet?.......not the same quality it used to be for qb😕
great app. quickbooks online works really well, fits my needs as an independent consultant.
not enough!. this app does not have the functionality that qbo has. therefore, useless. if we can't use the ipads in the store, what use is the app? 1. can't enter an invoice with the details 2. can't enter a vendor bill and do splits. 3. can't put payments in undeposited funds. 4. yep, useless.
app keeps crashing. please fix your app... i pay a lot of money a month for your service and this app is terrible. for the most part i have to log into the online service to do any work. please fix your app
great app. excellent app, does exactly what i need with no fuss
best app ever. it works awesome i recommended 100%
no longer works. this used to be a brilliant app. emphasis on “used to be”. for over a month the app hasn’t worked. it crashes before you can log in. i spoke to someone in the call centre that said, “they’re aware of the issue and are working on a resolution”. well, it’s been nearly two months and the app still doesn’t work. don’t buy a subscription if you want to use the app because you won’t get your money’s worth. yes, i can use my laptop and send invoices from my laptop, but that doesn’t help me track expenses when i’m out and about via my mobile right there and then.
just works. great app. no complaints yet, but my business isn't very big.
great app!. this is a great app! only reason for 4 instead of 5 is that there is restrictions to the app but not online. i do all my business from my phone so it would be great if the app was more adapted so i could do everything from my phone.
don’t rate before use. fantastic app. easy life. worth giving it a try.
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
owner small massage therapy business. for the small amount of paperwork my business requires, this app is perfect. i can input info before leaving the office and it prompts me with appropriate questions to categorize items properly. very user friendly and convenient.
don't count on it being 100% reliable!. have been using this program for a couple years. in the begging, it was great (for the most part). lately it's been denying my employees and self access, giving me a variety of errors. after spending over an hour with customer service, the conclusion is - their version of the software doesn't function with each and every ios update. my company sells fresh truffles to hotels, restaurants, resorts, etc... and so, we weigh the truffles on-site, create their invoice while we're in the kitchen and must collect a digital signature (through the app itself) to ensure their accounting department will take accountability and pay us in a timely manner. aside from truffles being the most expensive food on the planet, they're also the most perishable (90%+ water, which means they/i lose weight/money each hour i sit on them)! so, beyond not being able to deliver my product in a timely manner, as requested by our customers, we've been forced to sit on our product and not be able to sell until they fix the problem. all in all, we've probably lost at least $500-1000 from money literally evaporating into thin air, thanks in large to quickbooks! let alone the embarrassment of having to tell our customers we have their product but can't sell it to them. not saying the app/software is bad, just don't count on being able to rely on it like we have. caveat emptor :(
great app when it works.... after update to ios 13 as well as the latest version of the qbo app, i cannot access supplier information. on top of that, i am unable to save expenses that i am trying to enter too. there goes the productivity. qbo team really need to be better at this!
landscape company. i like this app as it helps me stay on top of the billing before i leave the site. it is quick and easy to use once set up with your desired pricing. customers are surprised at how quick the bill is in and how great the invoices look. if you are just starting or want more family time i suggest this oh and for receipts you can take pictures and save them in the phone. the only part i hate is the billing is monthly only by credit card. they need a yearly subscription. first year buy a box set as it is cheaper i am now in my second year of using this and madly in love with it.
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
terrible support. unclear subscription charges for payroll. spent over an hour on the phone with poor english speaking support staff who could in the end only tell me they couldn’t help me with determining whether i was being charged for payroll services or not. billing and signing up for services is very unclear. i clicked on payroll in the simple start online package to get price information and wound up getting signed up unintentionally. i spent an hour on the phone including a 30 minute wait with people who really could not access the needed information to tell me about the charges. i’ve canceled my subscription, although it looks like my first chargers down the drain… there has got to be better services that next one.
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have little/no confidence in the product.
works well. works great across all devices. very convenient. great time saver. excellent app.
lost a key feature!!!😡. update is great except they took away the option when creating a new customer to use a contacts info that's on the device.
best accounting software i've tried. this has got to be the most intuitive feature rich reasonably priced cloud computing package for small business i've ever seen. waaay better than myob, such a great little app.
great app. coming from microsoft office, i enjoy quickbooks so much. it is so mobile and easy to use. there have been a few questions i had, but a quick search led me to the answer. i recommend the program and the app.
new to qb app. love it
great app. need to be able to make statements from iphone. just make the app able to do everything you're able to do from laptop. love quikbooks.
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
great ui and mobile to desktop experience. i just started using quickbooks about two months ago and i don't know what i would do without it now. it's simple, easy to run a freelance business with. it's helped me become a freelance business and get paid which is the most important part :)
invaluable tool!. qbo app is invaluable for me as a small business owner. having access to all my funicular data, customer records and invoicing is fantastic! the app works flawlessly.
great app. in love with this app but i need more options. is there a way i can restrict access to estimates only to other users?
best idea yet!. run a one-man business on this app, it's the best idea. once in a while, life has its financial surprises, and would be nice if there's an option that you could pay your dues without having to call, especially on weekends when no ones there so the business doesn't stop or on a stand still. and would also be great if intuit would allow an online payment for our customers that can be tag onto our own websites...that would be a nice touch, one option monthly billing! still, awesome job! love the app so far!
great but could use a little more. overall pretty great. clean easy to do basic tasks, would love access to a few more advanced features...but overall it's a great app. the app is stable, love the fingerpint login (even though it's still a little buggy at time of writing the review), it's clean & easy to read, good navigation. overall i'm very happy with it!
just awful!!!. is this seriously how you're going to roll out your app by pissing off customers. can't even sign in half the time due to 'connection errors'. your company is an ultra fail.
chrashing in estimates. the app is great, only hiccup is that it restarts as soon as i go into opening a new estimate
conevenient but lacks features. overall, good for checking basic things on the go, as well as some other basic functions. it is far from fully featured though. quickbooks online sees constant updates with new features lately, so it’s probably just a matter of time before the app catches up a bit.
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
simply outstanding. i'm floored by the convenience and utility of this app. good work, intuit!
very handy little app. as said in other reviews it is a little different from the computer version but it is such an easy way for me to do my invoices on the go! it's all set to go and it tracks all of my invoices and sends me reminds of unpaid one too! great little helper!
daily user of this app. getting better and better keep up the development i appreciate it.
great app. i love this app!!!
quality product. i've just taken over the accounts for the business with little experience and knowledge and i have found quickbooks online very easy to use. issuing invoices and running payroll is quick and simple. the support is extremely good too from professionals who know what they are doing not just anybody in a call centre reading a script.
app. very god
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
beautifully done. i have recently made the switch from quickbooks desktop to quickbooks online and this app gives me more than i could ever need when i am out meeting with clients!
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
should do more. i'd give a zero stars if that was an option. people have complained for years this should do more and it should. to limited and basic. like create auto billing directly from a current issue and not have to make a template and set it up should be simple right in an invoice. needs to be able to hide estimates from employees yet merge all into a master (owner) account. employees who use this for estimates should not see all transactions and expenses! this is a joke and extremely limited and yes i have used it for a year and read how long people ask for this stuff. change and email anywhere and it should change it everywhere else but it doesn't you have to go back to original creation and edit it. not easy for deposits and partial payments. the list goes on and one. very generic but still likely better than the alternatives. but if i ran my business to never improve and listen to my customers i'd be out of business not them just another corporate conglomerate making money on the small folk yet won't fix what we need to run our business. could be done so easily.
awfull. massive bug issues keeps telling me to notifications on then the screen disappears then pops up again so impossible to use as this screen is always in the way ... realy surprises at such awfull stuff from a company’s so large it’s shocking realy
"rarely works. the quickbooks app worked great for awhile. now with the last update, nothing refreshes. i'm always receiving messages that it can't ""update at this time. try again later."" very disappointing"
"okay...when it works. i would really love to be able to use quickbooks, but instead i have to waste my time on the ""free trial"" (that tries to convince you to buy it immediately with sale pricing), by constantly locking myself out of my bank account. i can't even log into my bank via the quickbooks ipad app now, because it just keeps getting my account suspended. verifying the login information does nothing. the app keeps glitching, and it's definitely frustrating. while only a trivial thing, they want you to buy into the app, so it is constantly trying to sell you. that's fine, i understand how sales work. what gets me is they offer a 30-day free trial, but the moment you create an account they offer you that sale pricing i mentioned. however, if you buy into the ""act fast pricing,"" you don't get a free trial at all. nothing mentions that. it isn't a ""pay now and you get this pricing after your free trial."" is intuit that desperate for money? they also emailed me an offer for a free card reader for mobile. another one of those things that no matter how many times i pressed process, filled out my information, and checked out, the website kept telling me it can't process for whatever reason. first my address was wrong. then my payment information was wrong (i never got prompted for payment info until after that error). then i just gave up. so many hassles and they don't seem to be worth the effort. i'll continue the trial, then probably move on."
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotel/airfare/rental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
great app. so easy for me to bill from anywhere.
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
ran into unsupported transactions within 1 minute.. the app is difficult to navigate, bloated and slow, using a ton of wireless data. the app would be much better as multiple single-function apps. i mean, do i really need to log in to qb to snap a pic of a receipt and submit it for later? typical quickbooks bad experience. very disappointing.
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be. please fix back
please: give us delayed charge. for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
good for invoicing. easy, quick invoicing, that's all i need it for and it works for me.
quick books. very good and easy to use. life saver app!!
great app but limited. love the app and how easy it is to use. would love to be able to input expenses, would make it a 5 star app for me then!
great, just like the web app. love to have these tools handy. recommended.
in-app purchase, but not stated in advance. rt
glitchy. only problem is if you’re doing a live estimate or invoice, if your screen goes idle this app makes you log in again and you lose all the information you’ve typed in. super annoying especially when you’re measuring out a house or doing a walk through with a client and entering information as you go.
new to quickbooks. i decided to switch my established business from square to quickbooks and so far i have no complaints. it’s fairly easy to use. the only thing i’m currently waiting on is for my transactions to clear and be deposited which takes about a week since i’m new. should be a breeze after that.
can this app dethrone india specific software?. you can not setup this app to use for personal accounting. you can not setup this app for setting up multiple companies. you can not run if your internet connection is not working. so, this app is worth your time and money? you can try without worrying about any payment. so, it’s very difficult to dethrone india specific accounting software you already use. i have tried. you too can.
major flaw - can't run payrol. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go which is a major part of this app that is missing.
love this app. as a small business contractor, i find this app very useful and an asset to our company. especially when we are on the go, and need to send something over to a customer or view what we've done prior. when i don't have my desktop available to me, this is definitely where i go. one click wonders of converting one document to the next.
awesome. it's taken me a couple of weeks to figure everything out but wow this a well thought out software and app!
mostly simple app. mostly simple app. only issue is posting payments to invoice within app but online no problem.
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
confusing. the guidance on using the app and getting the most from it is not very good - for someone starting out like me, i'm struggling with this.
worthless on ios13. out of all the apps i have, this is the only one that wasn’t ready for ios13. it was worthless during the entire public beta process & i was hoping with the actual ios 13 release, it would be updated. not the case, still worthless. doesn’t work on my iphone or ipad. it was the convenience of having quickbooks on the go that sold me in the first place. not the case anymore.
best accounting software. best investment made so far on quickbooks and the app just excels... this is really awesome :) big ups intuit
great app. it works great
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
very useful!. this app is very useful for my small internet cafe business. i can track anytime my sales and expenses. reports are generated real-time, no need to wait for your accountant. the app needs to improve the touch id system because it requires you to input the password after you have closed the app.
amazing. amazing app
almost there!!. please, please, please qb🙏🏼 you're a few key functions away from making this app the mobile office.
crap. this app is a piece of crap my dad got it on our computer.when u scroll it goes the opposite way and there is also a bunch of other crap. i would. it recommend getting this
i love it.. i used to have to enter in expenses and sales, but now all that stuff shows up automatically with my banks being connected. i love it!
somewhat useful, but ui stinks. if you're using this app in conjunction with the desktop version, you're best bet is to bring your laptop rather than you're ipad while you're on the go. the ui totally stinks, looks and feels nothing like what you're used to. my expectation was that i could replace the laptop while on the go and use the ipad app, needless to say i carry both because this app stinks.
great app. saves me a lot of time. very fluid with payments and bank transfers.
great software. i have come to really like quick books online. quoting, invoicing, reports and my personal favourite... it links with your bank account to automate expense inputs. you set the rules once and the next time a similar transaction appears in your linked bank account it automatically categorises the transaction for you, just hit 'add'. saves me so much time and effort and to me it's fast becoming a business tool i simply wouldn't be without.
awesome!. so easy to categorize expenses and view financial statements in seconds!
like it but needs more features. i can do everything i need to from this app. i would like to see the ability to create purchase orders and pay bills & i just wish they had more integration with paypal.
president. this app is great for small (mobile) business owners doing paperwork on the fly. it keeps office time to a minimum.
awesome. i'm a carpenter. this app changed my life, and actually gave me back a lot of my life. estimates done before you leave your customers house? how cool is that.
horrible app!!!. online service seems to work good but use my phone a lot on the go!!! can't do any billing from app anymore!!! really hurting disappointed!!!! who do you talk to about this!!!! i give the app no stars
terrible support. the feature that you promote in your advertisement for this app shows a person recording his receipts wich mainly are cash or card paid. the options that you have as type of payments are cheque, credit or other. nobody this days pay by cheque or by credit receipts for small amounts!!!! totally useless!!!
killer app. killer service.. the app is great, arguably better than the online version. great for keeping track of transactions and uploading photos of receipts.
simple but too much errors. if works its easy to use but 7 out of 10 times i have errors to log in on spot with the customer. im using other tools now to work with.
new update has stopped my app from working!!!. since the update i now can’t accept anything or change anything!!! the only thing i can do it add the expenses!!!! sort it out please!!!!!
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
good app and getting better. really good features and helps when you are on the run. new reporting and features have been added which gives you quick company snapshots whilst you are away from the office
great update. prior to this current update i was wondering what the purpose of the app was. but i now have great is for it as it allows me to do more functions now while away from a computer great work
excellent app. make life way easy for small business
it works well. only thing i didn't like and don't like about other great apps is the persistent pop ups asking for a review. i get it and all but people will review if they want to. great app though does everything i want it to and more. highly recommend to everyone out there.
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
great app but still buggy. this is a great app and has lots of functionality which is awesome. i can see my day to day company accounting actually being easy using this however i can’t actually accept bank transactions to reconcile an expense for example. big shame as it’s a great thing to do when stuck somewhere with just my phone and the functionality is clearly there, it just doesn’t work for me for some reason. it works fine in my browser and support have been great in assuring me that it’s being looked at but it’s making me think twice about committing to quickbooks after my trial ends. fingers crossed for an app update soon to fix it. *update* this issue has been resolved with the latest version and the support team were really good throughout. extra star because of this! thanks developers.
clunky and awkward. app can be awkward to navigate.
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
"barely acceptable. ios 13 update: now you can’t even create a customer without soft-locking the app, awesome! tldr; tracking work and getting paid are either impossible or broken via the app, but are functional in the online app, mostly. there are major features lacking in the app: you cannot add delayed charges from the app, invoices generated on the web are present but not *visible* in the app! your customer asks you ""what do i owe you"" and you pull up your fancy app to show him only to get an error that the invoice was created on the web so you then waste time to dig it out of your email, all the while feeling like a fool for agreeing to a perpetual subscription for incomplete functionality. this is your life with quickbooks online. accepting payments via app is a chore: to simply select your customer (which you must do for each payment) entails several annoying steps: 1. load payment screen (two taps) 2. tap ""select customer"" (no in-line search!) 3. tap search *button* to reveal search bar 4. tap search *bar* to bring up keyboard 5. tap the customer how could this critical workflow be so poorly executed? receiving payment is the actual purpose of qb right? since most businesses have more than a screen-full of customers it might be a sane default to just start a customer search as soon as a payment is selected, saving 5 taps. at least focus the keyboard to start searching when you tap the search icon, saving 3 taps. speaking of getting paid, though not directly related to the app: quickbooks payments is a broken product, you send an invoice with a balance forward and your customer has no option to pay balance forward, so you're stuck explaining to customers that the bill they just paid is not the *entire* bill, awesome."
no link. why is there no simple way to link it to computer to send information. who made this useless app
quickbooks all the ways. great product, services, app
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
this app is getting worse. with each update this app gets worse than the last. in the last two iterations, if you open the app and login and open a document such as an unpaid invoice select out of the app for any reason and come back to the app it forces a logout telling you “there are critical updates” requiring a new login. the only cure (temporarily) is to delete the app and reinstall. now the latest update appears to have fixed this but now app feedback is broken with “this application didn’t configure uservoice properly” error. all these bugs and we still can’t inspect or create purchase orders in the app.
easy to use. a very easy to use software that is cloud based with a great phone app. i’ve been using this for some time now and it evolves every year. most for the best. a helpful help call centre should you have any problems. 4 stars as i don't believe you can back this up
does the job, but could be more beautiful. i was disappointed to find the iphone and ipad app did not have beautiful graphics, charts and graphs in the same way the desktop browser version does. i wanted a quick, general overview of where i was at rather than a line by line detail of the most recent transactions.
needs a little improvement.. not able to transfer data from invoices to sale receipt but from estimates to invoices you can?!?!??? also customs changes for customs style for invoices, estimates, and sale receipts don't save correctly but overlap one another. i have been using this app for a few months and other then those issues i hope developers improve, i think this app is very good with invoices, accepting payments, creating sales receipt and user friendly setup. i really do like the app and is very clear just needs basic improvements. hope to see them really soon.
adding pdf. can not add pdf attachments. to my invoices. app is crashing. please fix this.
scalled back but reliable. this app seems to work as intended, flawlessly. i like the sign features. seems secure. it is definitely scaled back. if you want access to your chart of accounts, particularly your bank registers it is not available. hopefully that will be an update in the near future. good access to customers and vendors. great for creating a quick invoice on the go. needs more options for sending invoices and sales receipts etc. overall the app works as described. read carefully for functions available. it might not work for some people. i use google chrome to access the full website on my ipad3. doesn't work perfect however it does offer a few more options then this app.
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
no sales order function. i have used qb desktop for around 10 years now. i have constant problems with corrupt data company files, so when this version came along i was very interested. however upon looking at the app in more depth i discovered it is missing a lot of functionality over the desktop version. the biggest and most basic function missing is sales order creation. how could intuit leave this function out. back to corrupt data files for me until intuit start listening to there customers.
worst thing i’ve ever used.. can i give this no stars, it is awful, as others have said awful support, i’m not vat registered but after an update my account changed so it started calculating vat now left with a massive bill for the accountant to fix all the entries. my advise avoid like the plague, wouldn’t touch this app with a 20m barge pole, it’s the worst app and worst support i’ve ever seen.
broken and no support. quickbooks online worked well for a few months but then suddenly our estimates and invoices don’t print out the service dates or captured signatures anymore. after customer support was not able to resolve the issue we get a call a week later from their technical department saying that they found a corruption in the database and asking for over $2,000 to fix it. we were given an excuse that sudden loss of connection could be the cause of the corruption. needless to say we are going to be moving all of our transactions to another product. sorry but you cannot run an online cloud product where the customer has no control over the database and have a mobile version where the customer has no control over the connection, and then blame the customer for corrupted databases and ask for a ridiculous amount of money just to fix it. worst customer service and i will never recommend quickbooks or ever use it again.
qb self-employed ipad app please. why can’t we use the app on ipad?
great app. very nice and good
annoying. i use this app on multiple decides and have to go through a 2-3 step security process everything i try to log in. which means switching back and forth from email to the app multiple times just to get logged in. appreciate the security but tend to not use the app because it's such a headache. also can't do things like make deposit tickets or print checks from app. very limited usefulness.
missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations!
the whites. the only thing i like about the app is the ease of tracking expenses. pretty much everything else is only accessible from a desktop or laptop computer. invoices are a major problem with this app. most of our clients don't use or don't have an email address to send invoices to. so i have to individually print each one. i would like to be able to batch print invoices, as this is how most clients prefer to be billed. not being able to access customer info offline is some what of a hassle, as most of the time when it needs to be accessed we are on the phone with the customer. the online version of quickbooks seems to be quite the waste of money. just buy the desktop version.
where are all my estimates????. in our business the estimates are the most important... most of our customers on app do not show their estimates!!!! if we cannot access all our estimates through the app...it's worthless. since i can't run our business from my ipad...quickbooks isn't for us..
weak on the vendor side. 2017-10-20 - i would not recommend. please try other options before making any subscription to qb. if quickbooks is your only option, start from simple start version, then if the need comes then you can easily upgrade. with no time or data lost. however if you start from a higher versions , to downgrade is easy as well but qb made it so difficult so you will not be able to downgrade unless you loose time and data. 2014-05-09okey app but needs major overhaul improvements. 1) you can't even attach any document (except photos. who uses photo docs these days anyways?) to your invoice while you are on the go 2-easy to upgrade your your version and impossible to downgrade. 3)-very weak on the billing and statement for vendors ( example when recording an expense, this app does not have the capability of recording the item count you spending for example ( 50 gallons of diesel * $3.25 = total) this app can't do this. very weak on the billing and statement for vendors that's why i gave 1 stars otherwise it would get 5*. i think the time to look for an other home (i mean accounting software) has come. please share possible altanitives. thanks
needs improvement. i am a contractor and past for most expenses either by cash or my personal credit card. the app insists on setting up a bank account or a credit card!! why can i just not book against the directors current account i don’t know. secondly when i entertain clients i habitually write the names of who i have been entertaining on the back of the receipt. i was half expecting that i would be able to scan the reverse side but no the photo app only allows a snap of one side of the receipt
awesome app. great app to compliment the web based quickbooks program, made my accounting tracking and hassles a thing of the past.
drafting estimates. when drafting estimates, system should auto save as many times hours of work is erased if you don’t constantly save before stepping away. in addition when you click the description box there should be an undo button in case it grabs all the text and it gets erased by pressing any button in accident. two very simple and logical things.
intuit always waters down their products for apple.. buggy. once example is that there is a major lag behind typing, especially when entering emails to send invoices. also keeps pulling old emails from my contacts of clients i haven't done work for in years, yet won't recognize my email address, which is also in my contacts. emails listed in customers files don't all load when emailing invoice. my logo shows up in emails but not when the invoice is opened in the browser window. my address isn't included on the invoice, though i've set it up in my company profile. i've been a qb customer for over a decade, and this program is a disaster. when i first learned the program is was on a pc, then i went home from classes and found many of the features weren't available on the mac version. intuit is cutting corners again.
can’t generate po’s. 90% of my business is generating and sending po’s which you can’t do with this app for some stupid reason. i’ve been requesting the feature for years (which i shouldn’t have to request) and quickbooks has never responded.
great app. i compared couple of similar products and quickbooks was defiantly the best. i still believe that they could enhance their app to have identical features of their web version.
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
great efficient and cost effective. this app is great and accounting system is too. best value for the money and easy to use.
great for self employed. this is great app if you are self employed or starting up by yourself.
please update. please update app or bring previous version constantly downloading customer data that takes forever and then get errors please fix quick
needs better support. i thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
love it. business owner love this app
very unstable!. downloaded the new version but the app consistently crashes just after login. real shoddy development and testing by intuit.
simply terrific. hands down best invoicing app
amazing app. i love this app makes everything easier for me and faster. this app is amazing i just love it!
great app. i love the app
closing. can’t use this app without it crapping out on me. i need this to be reliable for my business and it’s not. unfortunate really. jeff
owner. don't do it! the customer service is horrendous. i have spent hours and hours on the phone with their people. they canceled my subscription when i went to fix something i can head no customer service. when i got the subscription issue corrected and then renewed my subscription they charged me twice for it, after that was corrected they canceled my subscription again. so when i needed customer service after that i could not get any customer service. both of those times good cook it shut me down for a day each. a little while ago i got there update for their online version. tonight i printed 50 invoices fold them and they do not lineup with my windowed envelopes. so i called customer service to get that taken care of. their suggestion was go by different envelopes. maybe i should buy a different software. i'm still having problems they said they will submit my problem to the engineers.
great app. i am running a smal business llc for a tattoo parlor, great app for even simple tasks. definitely worth the money, and i wouldn't use anything else.
great app. the app is great for on the move and for keeping you up to date on invoice payments, you believe you can invoice from the app but we only use it for day to day updates
garbage. this app is junk!! support for this app is useless looks like i will be going back to freshbooks, it may not be a accounting solution but at least it works and i can import my info without manually entering. my business doesn't have time for me to spend hours with support when i need to be taking care of my customers m-s support
not a trustworthy app. i have just started using this app in mid october and it is now nov 18, 2019. when i first signed on, i was offered to use the app for three months at $12.49 per month as a special promotion. of course i clicked “ok” since i felt to really see if this app would work for me i would need three months to test it. my first impression of this app was good because it did help me to organized all of my income and expenses in a neat clean application. in fact, i was able to balance my money and found missing money . however, there where many time where i had to reset my phone because the app would freeze. this glitch prevented me from connecting my bank account and credit account to the app itself. i figured i’ll give it another month to see if this problem gets fixed, i’ll trust it with my account numbers. today it only allows me a (read only) version of this app unless i pay the full 24.99 a month, but i’m only on my 2nd month of the promotion that i signed up for. i still would like to only pay $12.49 like i originally signed up for before i fully commit my entire business to use this app. i haven’t even connected my credit or bank accounts yet because it still freezes from time to time. i would not have entered all of my private information as well as my regular customer private information if i knew that intuit was going to go back on their offer on their promotion. this kind of deal does not inspire trust in using this app. i have a pic on my phone saying that this was the subscription i originally signed up for
need o and p. really need to add a way for someone to mark up of the invoice and show change orders to estimates.
nice app. good to run the business with this app
great app. very happy we use if for all our companies and recommend to our clients
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
absolutely great - speechless. i can't believe that qb has gone this forward in app. really impressed with the features specially reconciling bank through app. what a great feature. very efficient - 100% from me.
so much you can't do on the app!!. app is a bit pointless as so much you can't do that you end up having to go onto web based site to do
best app for small business. excellent
no packing list option. packing list and ability to share invoive via text, fax, or any messenger app
can’t log in. says my email and password can’t be found (app only).
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
frauds stay far. called in to customer service for assistance with an issue regarding payroll feature and they told me i needed to add the payroll feature which in fact wasn't needed, they said it would cost $39 for it and it would solve my problem.. well it did not so i requested a refund within 24 hours, only to find out they also went into my acct and stole an additional $139.58! they said i requested to renew for an additional year, which i did not and my subscription was already paid in full for a year! they said they have no record of me calling in to cancel, which is documented bc their cs supervisor was able to see it in the noted calls i made less than 24 hours later which is why i got the refund for the $39 but they won't refund the $139.58! stay far from this company, they are liars and thieves and desperate for $$!
could be great. this app takes care of basic needs but it could be amazing. i'm unsure of why intuit chose to cut the corners it did. examples: there is no check option in the + there is no bank deposit option in the + tapping my bank acct on the home page takes me to my chart of accounts. huh? there needs to be some polishing.
very limited... quickbooks is one of the best accounting tools out there... however this app is very limited. ipad is a very powerful device. but this app doesn't take advantage of that. things like: * auto save invoices to the files app * option to choose payment type * when you paste an email from the email apps, it doesn't recognize those emails.. * option to add company stamp and seal to the invoices
still missing obvious features. - need to add a new time entry? nope! (subscribe to another app, monthly, and hope it syncs properly!) - need to create a purchase order? nope! (wait until you can get back to the fat-app!) - need to look up unit cost on one of your products? nope! (why would you need that away from your desk?!) so very typical of intuit: - good for accountants, terrible for entrepreneurs - build for windows first, then anything non-apple next, and *maybe* apple last. but be sure it’s crippled in at least 87 ways. - you’re holding it wrong oh, and don’t you love the new qbo “advanced” that we auto-upgraded you to without your permission? it’s only 3x what you were paying before, and only after the first 90 days; aren’t you excited?! it’s friggin’ 2019! why has no one disrupted this ridiculous company out of business?!
great app. the only thing i would change is making the app run things like the “report” section so that i could view profit and loss in categories such as “classes” or ‘’cash/accural” and add the ability to view and record sales tax payments. other than that this app is amazing and i don’t know how i would run my business without it.
progressive payments. love the accessibility and simpleness of creating invoices. would love to see progressive invoicing added to quickbooks online
payroll missing. the app is great for invoicing, receipts etc however it lacks the ability to do payroll which becomes a hassle for what i need it for.
love it. we love quickbooks online, we would be lost without this app and online access. thanks quickbooks :)
the app used to work?. why do companies change apps from functional to crash is beyond me?
very good application.. i like to have this application for my business. is very help and accurate for my status of my invoices pending of payment and the aging of the customers transactions thank you for mobil quickbooks very grateful.
too many error messages. for what you pay for a quickbooks online account, this app for ipad and iphone is really disappointing. i get an error message almost every single time i try and enter a new transaction. sometimes it works despite the error message, sometimes it doesn't. but i get the error every time. i can't even access the banking functions as i get an error message and nothing will load. the only function that seems to work properly is the reports section.
a glaring weakness. this a pretty good mobile app. one glaring weakness is that it does not allow the manual recording of bank deposits and transfers so they can be matched later. this leaves you at the mercy of the slow banks before you can see these transactions.
non emergency medical transportation business owner. there are obviously some differences between the desktop version and the app. the app gives you real time overview of everything you might want to double check on the go. quickbooks is a great tool and the app is a great extension of it.
great app. the best invoice maker i ever had! great services
excellent app. ease the booking... awesome
rubbish. app crash every second
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
overly complicated for sole prop. this app is useless for simple small business money in money out, it shouldn’t be this hard and definitely not worth the fight
very weak. i have been a quickbooks user for years but the app is just weak. employee transactions are not possible and reports are minimal. i consider these critical aspects of good accounting software and they almost do not exist in the app. i don’t need an app to write an invoice or figure out that someone owes me money. however, keeping track of my reporting to the government and paying employees is critical and these do not exist in the app.
deleting app from phone and reinstalling fixed crash. had crashing problems with update. deleting and reinstalling solved the problem.
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be. please fix back
president. i’ve used quick books on line for a couple years now and i highly recommend it to every one i e spooked to. i’m on the road a lot and sometimes travel. any were i go i have a virtual office. i don’t have to skip a beat with the mobil app or the web based qb. just need to work i’m been able to submit statements from the app.
so easy to do books on the go!. i cannot say enough about the convenience of the app. i use it as soon as i get paid to log payments on it novices and enter sales receipts. this app and hiring a bookkeeper have been the best financial tools for the success of my business!
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
get it together, quickbooks. as a small business owner, quickbooks is a crucial part of our daily work. invoicing, estimates, managing our money. since moving from the desktop version of quickbooks, we have had a daily dose of glitchy, unreliable service while using this software. and it seems the glitches are persistent and long-lived. if quickbooks can get their act together and resolve these constant problems, they may regain my confidence for reliability -- particularly when it comes to handling the money of our business. for example, i often get a the login page and message when opening the program from the app on my computer which tells me it's twice as fast to login if i download the app. uh, what? i am opening the program from the downloaded app... very frustrating. often the software will not respond to clicking on items... while in the downloaded app -- creating estimates or invoices. this delay and glitchiness can cost a small owner like me business because i can't respond quickly enough... booting and rebooting quickbooks is not a solution. all that to say, their competition is worse. so regardless, i have to say i feel like we have no choice but to tolerate the poor programming and pray that one day they'll get it together... just be ready to be frustrated.
good app. i've come to like the app as i've explored it. it allows you more options in one device instead of having multiple devices to complete your work. plus it's portable and can be used at home or on the road
"app is good for an app, online version is 4 stars. i ""upgraded"" from quick books 2014 pro on my pc to the online solution so that i could see my finances wherever i'm at, create invoices in the field with customers, and for that it is great. that's why i love the app. however the online solution as a whole is a little less feature heavy, and of course you have to pay per month. one thing i liked about quickbooks pro was that i owned the software and didn't have to worry about an additional monthly expense"
all that you need at the same app. great app, easy to navigate
aes. great app, worth the investment
subpressions. like the mobile app
great app. great app for tracking all my company transactions. love that i can get a tax report for quarterly reporting.
billable expenses. new website and app are nice, except on ios cannot specify expense as billable....why? no clue.
not so good. i use the web based app and love it. the ipad & iphone app is not all that. i think qb should include a dashboard for the iphone & ipad.
terrible customer service. customer service is a complete joke, i rang up the number for helpline on the app (which was one of two help options) only for the guy to talk for five minutes then tell me he couldn’t help me because i am self employed. i thought quickbooks was aimed at self employed individuals and if you can’t phone up for help why on earth is there a phone number suggested while i am signed into my account looking for help? useless, subscription cancelled.
very nice to use. great app
crashes on open. useful app until this update. it crashes on open, both on ipad and iphone. cannot do business this way...
expense widget is not accurate. 1st let me say, i love the app even though the updates caught me by surprise. now that i got that out of the way.. i have over $3200 in expenses so far this month. however when i open the app on my phone it says i only have $271 worth of expenses. i quickly grabbed my computer to double check and all the expenses displayed correctly. if i open the p&l in the noble app, the expenses display there correctly as well. the issue just seems to be with the stand-alone expense widget with the chart. please fix that. an option to remove it might be nice as well.
qb online. very very good in all aspects of accounting. from home office or mobile app. you can do it all!
bug fixed. your problem with app
no support for canadian tax system. intuit's quickbooks for web does not support the canadian tax system. not sure why this app is appearing in the canadian app store.
"disappointing. if you also make ""mint"", why make your subscription service app so much worse? mint is great. this app is not."
why bother. why bother with the app? you get better features by using your web browser, even on your tablet. even still, the payroll functions are very cumbersome and don't work well, so a desktop is still required.
great app, here's my issue. i'm on the go with my business. i use quick books on my iphone and my ipad mini. it's great in the field, quick and easy to use with zero crashes. i pull up everything i need except i cannot go online from my phone or tablet and update my cc information. my card expired and since i don't have a computer i'm stuck having to call and get help for an easy fix. i really hope you guys are working on that update asap.
"not worth money and it's free!. when it works it's ok at best but it's too flawed to take seriously. among its faults: failing to find entries on search even when the search term is correct. doing things like stating the ""delivery server is down"" when trying to email an invoice. the ""delivery server"" is not down as the user finds out when they continue to send other invoices. upon investigation of the fault it issues brainless messages such as ""you (name) and you (same name) we're working on the document at the same time and you (name) finished before you (same name) did. you get the point! app search not formatted with an ipad so the ipad user cannot see all of the information being searched for (when search works at all) seems to randomly wish to send verification text codes even though it claims that it should only happen once. updates do not address the faults just add a fluffy new feature. seems the app was slung together and no one researches how it might be used. in use there are constant error messages (like for every step) saying you don't have permission to add s part and then it lets you do it. imagine going to your customer for a signature and they see these messages. app is constantly updated giving the user features they don't need but they never update to fix the bugs!"
excellent program. i am so impressed with this new app, it is very easy to use and very helpful for my construction business. i don't even have to go to the office to make an invoice i can do it right in my truck on my phone and send it. i can check on expenses... it's a breeze and worth the time to get to know this app and online program.
finally!. this app does all that i've wanted - expenses and all. good to se qbo is working at this. love the mobile experience.
great app. 👍🏼
good stuff. the phone app is a good resource that compliments the desktop app. i have been using qb online for several years and have found that it meets my business needs as a small consulting company with less than 10 employees.
shoot and miss again. the new layout is not good. when typing in the description the text box slides off the screen and you can no longer see if you have any misspelled words. the font is much smaller than previous versions. also for the last few versions that quickbooks has allowed us to process credit cards directly through quickbooks, there is no option for my customers to leave a tip when processing the credit card. additionally, at one point there had been a section to provide a discount. no discount section.
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
not useable in multi-user environment. yup, yet again another update, and still not useable in multi-user. my business has more than 1 user account. locations and classes do not work in their accounts. how many years will this take to fix a bug that has been present since day 1? another update and i stand behind my previous review(s). seriously? another update, and still not multi-user friendly. but, oh boy, something works with apple watch. when will intuit fix the multi-user issues? someone else mentions they fix bugs. i can say the exact opposite - they leave bugs for years! i want to use and like this app. i've looked at every update since the very 1st version. it does seem to be slowly improving, but is still not useable for my company.
amazing. this app is amazing work flawlessly
fantastic qb's app. this app is great! works just as good, if not better, as the desktop version. to me it seems even more user friendly & it is just so convenient when on the go. definitely download! it works so well, i decided to pay the monthly fee to use it.
logs me off all the time. every single day this app automatically logs me out, displays a message that there’s been a critical update, and that i need to log in again. even worse it requires you to actually enter the password rather than allowing face id authentication.
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
until the app matches the web aplication. i like the idea of qbo especially the mobile app. it is innovative. helpful for me as a not for profit operative. the ios app is nothing however until it matches what you can accomplish on the browser. going forward, the accomplishment of that determines if i will continue to use the service. i am also put off with the fact that i cannot integrate my banks in nigeria. if quickteller perfects its act with the development of retail app of late, banking integration might be the reason why i will stop using the service in the future. for now the app frustrates me as i will prefer to do all that i need to in app and not through browser, the mobile idea is also defeated with the limitations of the web app on mobile browser.
quickbooks online is a lifesaver!. we have a small family owned and operated business. i love the simple user interface that quickbooks online uses. it's very easy to get started with and it saves us so much time. the reports are clean and well put together and it gives me so much flexibility when categorizing expenses. it also integrates perfectly with our square card reader and gives us the option to attach receipts. all around perfect bookkeeping software for people on the move!
love this app!. very easy and simple to use. i can instantly add details from job to job and also great for keeping track of what's going on in my company. thanks jdm auto detailing
excellent. wonderful app to use. very handy when working out in the field. easy to get on the phone with a live person for any and all questions.
still needs some changes. great program when it connects and saves correctly. constantly crashes or cannot save work. you have to close app retry. most of the time loosing the invoice or quote you've created. needs addressing. this happens all the time on ipad app.
latest update removed every feature i used. do not update! they really need to go back to the previous version of this app. every time they make an update it seems to be useless tweaks in navigation, font size and anything else that adds no value or functionality. they really need to just work on bugs and leave the layout alone. with the latest update, they literally removed every feature i used to use- dashboard widgets, p&l, balance sheet, bank account updating-all gone. it’s now absolutely useless.
love this app!!. could run our company without it!!
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and re-download it re-login yeah that doesn’t work.
ok. app ok
"pretty much useless. have been a qb online user for years and my account is setup for a non-profit foundation, i.e. we don't have customers, but have a lot of transactions. this app is totally focused on users who have customers, but for my use, i can't see my bank register, can't run reports, can't look back at transactions more than a year ago (essential when doing multi-year grants), can't manage payroll, pay taxes, see my to-do list, and can't reconcile. presentation and formatting is primitive (hello - 1993 called... they want their user interface back!) the help system is pretty funny. not really a true ""help"" system, but more of a faq. virtually all of the answers to the faq questions start with: ""go to your web based qb online and do the operation there."" how about some functionality and help regarding this app, not excuses for the lack of features. for anybody who plans to download this app, sign up for qb online, and plans to run their business using this app, don't even think about it. there's so much missing that you could never run your business accounting with an ipad and this app. thumbs down on this one!"
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
great app for small business. simple easy to set up and use on the road.
easy to use. as a small business i find this to be a fabulous experience of accounting software integrated across all my various devices. i feel far more in control of my books than any other format or program i have used before. highly recommend this to any mobile business.
great app... works amazingly well.
buggy and still no way to easily back up data. this is a buggy app that needs to be closed and restarted often, even though it’s the most expensive app on my phone. believe it or not in order to back up your data you need a windows 7 computer with (out of date and insecure) internet explorer 11 or earlier. come on guys, fix this app!
impossible to print packing slip from app?. i would give quickbooks a 5 if it wasn’t so dang hard to print a packing slip from my phone either through the app or quickbooks online. ugh.
handy for sole trader. some things aren’t available on the app, like editing your invoices.
great little app. i do emergency call outs and can log in and keep up with my book keeping on the fly.
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
mileage tracker. any chance you can put a mileage tracker on this app? other wise it's perfect for small business
unreliable. i don't advice anybody to download this app it had a major problem since two months and till now not solved.
tonya pitchford. app and product are useless for my particular business. very hard to deal with, fees are high
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
please optimize for iphone 6 already!. the resolution doesn't seem to be optimized for the iphone 6, it's blurry. if it's not updated really soon then i will delete and find another. it's expensive to use this app but i'm not prepared to go much longer without a high resolution user interface, what's the point?...please get it done!
great app, continues to get better. best decision i ever made for my business was moving to qb online. saves a ton of time being able to conduct business on the fly.
"qb for ipad is not as good as server versions. i have been a qb user all the way to enterprise servers and have now moved to their ""online"" platform in a subscription basis and have found their ipad vérsions, mac apps etc to be very lacking in functionality. the constant answer is we are improving all the time and those items are on our lists, well, if you knew how users used it with server based versions then why did you create such a lacking program using an app. pretty incredible to me. you will find there are lots of things you can not do on an ipad, such as enter and paying bills as a start, pretty basic in my mind so you can only image what is missing that is less basic. if i could i would change programs to something else but i need to spend the time to find the better option."
i doesn’t work for personal finances. i have tried to get my personal finances but failed. this app is meant for business accounting only and there’s no way of using it work for personal accounting purposes. so, basically this is not the app for individual personal financial accounting. look somewhere else for it if you are looking for something similar to quicken.
bookkeepers or better only! too much info available to users.. this app would allow a salesman taking orders to view way too much information. it's nice that it integrates with the qbo program, but what am i supposed to do about salesmen that only need to check inventory and write orders? surely they should be excluded from the company books! very disappointed in the time i wasted talking to intuit salespeople who materially misrepresent the functionality of the program
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
great app. great app saves time works well recommend for chippys like myself :)
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
such a helpful app!. great for our small business! love it!
needs improvement. quickbooks online is great but the app needs a lot of work to bring up to the same standard. as others have said, the app shows “expenses” but not “bill payments” - so the account details on the app don’t match the online reporting. i have stopped using the app as it only shows an incomplete part of the story and does not give me confidence that it represents an accurate snapshot of my business. at first i thought there was a problem syncing between my online version and the app version until i was told it is actually due to the app version only supporting “expenses”. quickbooks have clearly known of this for some time, but it needs to be fixed.
improved. thank you for adding a “billable” option for expenses! this saves having to revisit transactions on the desktop app. to get four stars, this product would need to make selecting classes a little easier. perhaps allowing us to favorite certain classes so while traveling i wouldn’t need to enter the class for each transaction. also, please enter the cursor in the text entry field so i don’t need to place it there each type i select the vendor field (few transactions are with new vendors so defaulting to text entry makes more sense.) for 5 stars, consider adding basic ocr for receipt images.
great tool for those on the go!. while there is a lot of functionality missing that would make this app even more convenient, what it does offer is a tremendous help while on the go. from creating invoices to recording expenses to seeing your p&l and balance sheet, this app is a great tool and extremely easy to use!
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
good but could be better. many features that are online, you cannot use in the app. even the online version is limited.
major issues not getting fixed!. in ios quickbooks application logs out every time it is closed. often cycles through the 2step verification process until restarted again. quickbooks engineers are aware of the issue, no resolution date. sure makes thinks look unprofessional when i’m trying to make up an invoice in front of my customer and my software won’t work. just turned a 3 minute process into a 30. now i loose billable hours as well. thanks quickbooks!! i pay a lot of money for such crummy service and support
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!! also, the separation of vendor mtce from vendor transactions is opposite of the web interface. same for customers.
great mobile billing app!. i use quickbooks on my ipad and iphone. pros: it supports touch id for convenient security, credit card payments, and invoicing from anywhere! it is great for professionals who work in the field like me. it can even automatically input your clients address using your gps and your contacts. cons: first of all, automatic gps address input only works on ipad and not iphone. the iphone version isn't nearly as easy to use either. secondly, the mobile app lacks the ability to issue a credit memo for refunds or discounts/donations. recommended new feature: it could also give you the option to find directions using your favorite navigation app like google maps instead of only apple maps.
keeps everything in one place. great app! i keep all my business and personal expenses logged and in place from my phone. i can also track multiple companies. gives me so much piece of mind and way easier for keeping track of taxes and book keeping.
un most para las empresas. la mejor app y software para llevar la contabilidad de tu empresa. sencillo y en línea! te calcula todo limpio y sin problemas
fantastic app in all respects.. i've used quickbooks for over 10 years. it has been great watching them evolve and adapt to the changes in demand and tech. they are ahead of the swell in my opinion
landscape company. i like this app as it helps me stay on top of the billing before i leave the site. it is quick and easy to use once set up with your desired pricing. customers are surprised at how quick the bill is in and how great the invoices look. if you are just starting or want more family time i suggest this oh and for receipts you can take pictures and save them in the phone. the only part i hate is the billing is monthly only by credit card. they need a yearly subscription. first year buy a box set as it is cheaper i am now in my second year of using this and madly in love with it.
the app is limited. i like that the app gives me the ability to create invoices and receive payments. however, i cannot create bills in the app which is very frustrating.
only two primary pet peeves. we've been using the online version since its inception and it has improved since then, however, it has not quite caught up to the desktop version that we converted from. two primary pet peeves. one: when the intuit server is down, your business transactions come to a screeching halt! this is painful in any operation, let alone a fast paced one which, thank goodness, ours isn't. we've had occasion, multiple times, to be without service for a whole day -- completely unacceptable! even several hours can seem an eternity when you need access to your books! two: if you process cards with intuit and you have a walk-in business, there are way too many steps to complete a sale. here's how it goes. create invoice in qb. save. choose to receive payment. click to get to payment screen. click to swipe card. click to process payment. go back to invoice. print invoice. open another tab/window. go to intuit payment processing portal. look up transactions. find transaction. click to view receipt. click to print merchant receipt. click to print customer receipt. ...14 steps and 15 minutes later your customer can sign their cc receipt. omg!! waaaay too many steps and very time consuming! then balancing between qb, the merchant account and the bank is a confusing, disorderly, nightmare! there's got to be an easier way! i'm being patient but it's getting hard to wait for improvements. i love the access but honestly, there are other ways to use qb desktop version with easy tablet access, etc. is this really worth it?
"about 7/10. not bad but not good. the app keeps requiring updates if used on apple products. not an issue but the updates never appear. quickbooks blames apple and apple blame quickbooks. we ""updated to the cloud version"" from a pcm based quickbooks. so far we are very very disappointed."
quickbooks online. i wish the app was easier and more full functional but then the whole online product is sorely lacking relative to the old offline product. saas makes such a difference for smbs but intuit has missed the boat on the cloud-based solution. ugh!!
excellent. very good app just hate it that it keeps bugging me to give a review
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
invoicing on the go!. the app is a great companion to the online version. allows me to invoice and keep track of billable items on the go. there is so much more it does but for me invoicing right after the job is done gives me freedom to do my office work while having a coffee.
great app!. i was using quickbooks pro desktop 2013 before going to online 2016. all i can say is wow! i never realized how much i was missing. reconciling expenses with automatic bank and credit card transaction downloads can be done on my phone anywhere and anytime. no need to log into bank and manually download. huge time saver. also keeps me up to date on my finances with great reporting built in and at my fingertips.
the app. my husband and i decided to start a new business, we shopped around for good companies to write estimates, invoices, keep track of what’s coming in and out of our accounts etc. we have found this system super easy to understand and we both caught on very quickly. the phone app is even better! since we do a lot of our estimates in the car it’s easier for me to just pull out my phone on spot and give homeowners an estimate as quickly as possible. very easy to learn your way around!
find any other app instead of this one. they have been bordering a useable app for years but they seem to lack a dev team to fix the constant annoying bugs. i have reported annoying bugs and problems that almost make this app completely useless. they fix occasional bugs and then they return on the next update. then they are there for 5 or 6 updates unfixed. i am constantly logging back in every other time and get logged out in the middle of writing a report for an invoice, having to start all over with my descriptions and pics. huge pain and super annoying. i can’t stand it and seriously say beware of this crap app...
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
i love this app. this is the easiest to use and simplest way to use it.
not bad however. could we have a fingerprint scan to open the app as a measure of security please!!!
i'd rather have a bootleg copy of 2002 qb on pc. this is my first rating of anything. i have a feeling that the folks at quickbooks aren't done making a bad app and platform horrific. how would you feel about multiple glitches and straight up losing you money. they are a monster at that. i have been using this for about as long as it was out, and i can't take it anymore. if credit cards weren't accepted through quickbooks, i would be gone. the best part is the constant denial of problems.
not quite there yet. disappointed - not nearly as functional as the program - it's buggy - crashes fairly often but has potential and is slowly improving - i think it will get there - but not yet
awesome app. i was hesitant going to the monthly subscription, but it has been awesome always having access to my business account. the app looks and works just like the desktop app on my mac.
good. it works really well, one thing that would be nice in the app is an option to batch email invoices, or make an option to automatically email after you create each invoice
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
was better.. this app works perfect for recording our farm purchases and sales. liked it more when the touchid worked, but loving the new receipt camera.
dangerous. this app would like customer number, passcode and security number if you want to sync bank accounts. this has been confirmed by lloyds, bank of scotland and santander that doing this is dangerous. as you are giving them information they need to access your account and if anything went missing you would not be protected and this information should not be inserted at anytime
great starter app. i wouldn't want to use this app all the time as is is a little annoying. does what it says on the tin, great as a starter accountancy tool.
very helpful.. this is a great app for writing invoices on the road, it's been very helpful!
google sign-in never works. i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google sign-in. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
don't believe the negative reviews!!. i think the application is a huge time saver. works great on my ipad air 2. i strongly recommend this app! it's like getting a full time bookkeeper for only $30 per month! i like having my business records semi-automated in the cloud. intuit offers a 30 day trial. why not just try before you buy? that's what i did and i haven't been disappointed.
great app. loving it - i love keeping track of expenses on the go and how it syncs with quickbooks online.
you need to purchase one per company. if you own multiple companies this software may not work for you. unless you rather pay double and in my case triple for each software per company. highly disappointed and no one that would solve it. regretfully invested.
"there photo above shows signature capture, it does not have it. no signature capture debacle update: #2 of 8-7-17 well look at that the capture signature button is there now. now either the button was not there and added now or the button was there and customer service has no clue what there doing and how to use there own product. see notes below) im giving ***** right here but not changing my app store stars im sorry , the customer service was ridiculous and a waste of my time. horrible. wow so frustrating thank you for responding to my review here i appreciate it. please for love of bookkeeping train those people geez. update: 8-7-17 in your response to your most recent update. all the customer service calls noted below were for the mobile app. and your help center that i guided customer service to view is geared towards the mobile app. and those are the responses i received from them over the phone. update : response to developer 8-5-17 puzzled ? as am i 🙄 i called in 4 times about this ability to capture signatures first time i called the customer service person tells me, no we dont have that no you cant. then i asked why is it your help center data base clearly stating plain as day instructions on how to. 1. create new invoice 2. enter all needed information 3. click on the capture signature. also not to mention the fact the screen shot here in apple app store for quickbooks clearly shows a signature being captured. so after lots of back and forth tells me this is a new and quickbooks company doesn't tell them (customer service) what quickbooks os doing. what!? got off the phone didn't want to waste anymore of my time. round 2 call customer service tells me that its not capable of capture signatures, then after guided her to your help center where it clearly states how to puts me on hold then comes back and says that its new and there and there implementing it in in phases !? and my account number is part of phase 3 and would add the capture signature button in 3 weeks. ugh ok i guess i can understand that. round 3 called in again she also tells me no its not possible explained my last call with customer service and stated i was checking on the the update phase. after explaining the last call i had to this customer service rep. she was more bewildered than prob you are right now reading and she to was left puzzled as was i. then proceeded to put me on hold to research. comes back tells me yes you can but only if you have a merchant services account through you. hmm thats odd i thought. she tells me that the signature capture is for payment credit card. so i proceeded to explaining a plain signature capture by a customer on an invoice. she proceeded to tell me no unless you have a merchant account. ok fine over, but before i got off i guided her to the help area in quickbooks if you search how to capture signature. it clearly says so and what she told me didn't match with what was posted on the help area. which is capture signature---available on invoices and estimates. now if your estimate is being signed i didn't know you had to have a merchant account and i didn't know thats industries standard to run a credit card transaction off of an estimate. in the end puzzled as you are and pretty much moving on to another service unless you can find someone that knows what exactly is going on over there at quickbooks. that i will end up speaking too someone that knows what there doing and what there talking about, i will not call and waste more of my time . and by the way your web browser version of quickbooks online on a mobile device does not load correctly the right side is cut off making the invoices or anything you do on there useless im on an ipad 12"" pro. doesn't matter what browser you use same prob, try using the app instead but cant as it lacks all the features the browser version does. so any way you cut it. no signature capture something so simple to do. please let me know what you think of all that, im trying to be helpful here as i expect better from quickbooks your industry see your help instructions below capture signatures using quickbooks online for mobile open a new or existing estimate or invoice. add any transaction info, as usual. select get signature. let your customer sign with their finger. they can always clear it and sign again. select done (android) or save (iphone/ipad). you'll see the signature on the estimate or invoice. it's that easy! update: 7-27-17 there is no signature capture on invoices even though they tell you there is there is not. it only applies through tak ing payment by credit card transaction through quickbooks. something that is so basic to business the leading book keeping company can not provide. walk into customers store drop product they sign the invoice received! thats it! nope not quickbooks so pass them up. plus thats not counting time hours and hours of lousy customer service and back and forth till they finally fessed up to it. don't waste your time."
so frustrating. update 12/16/17 still having the same issues after reinstalling the app on multiple devices...it always says “unable to get all of your qb data. pull down to refresh your page.” this always happens after the first successful login were i don’t get this kind of message. i’ll wait until this year is over and switch back to other more reliable solutions. old review: yes, the app is helpful and you can track your money, invoicing and stuff. but i’m so sick of always having issues with either login or messages in the app that they can’t show detailed information about my transactions because of some issue they have. sometimes i can fix it when i login again but that’s not a solution and $15 per month are just to expensive to have a buggy app running my finances. sorry...if that goes on i switch back to wave app which is not a s convenient but it’s at least free and i never had problems like this.
wonderful app. this is a great way to keep books. thank you.
keeps crashing. i am on an iphone 6s and running the most recent ios. every time i try to accept my transactions in my bank account, i get through a few then the app shuts down.
quick books. awsome app. helps when your always on the go.
crash, crash, crash. this app will crash and after every single thing you!
"would like to like it better, but it gets worse!. i personally like the ipad app better than the online version for interface, but it has so many bugs! constantly gives me error message that i'm not authorized to do something (add/edit a customer, etc.), but then it lets me do it. but i keep having to close out all the error messages that pop up. often won't let me email an invoice. won't let me add customer off of creating a new estimate (have to add customer, close, then do estimate and choose customer again). the list of basic things that should not be an issue goes on and on. on the iphone app, there is no place for my reps to view the contact person's name at the company! i'm sure there are other things i could think of, but i've just learned to compensate and work around things. however an app with this many bugs should not be out there - it's pretty pathetic! update 11/18/15 - after update, all the previous bugs are still there. pathetic to issue an update and not fix what was wrong! update 1/14/16 - even worse! now i can no longer add an item to an estimate or see the customer name on estimates or invoices under ""activity"". what is wrong with you people? if you can't make it better, leave it alone! now it is completely useless!"
useless app. hard and bad wrote app. can't use many of the functions of regular online version.
qbo. pretty great app, i hope they add some additional features; like printing a pick list, and a few other things.
can't see vendor activity. needs improvement. when a vendor is asking for info about payment, i can't see any of that info from the app. i have to go into the computer to look at vendor activity, which means i also need to be in a wifi location.
owner. great app
awesome app. i was hesitant going to the monthly subscription, but it has been awesome always having access to my business account. the app looks and works just like the desktop app on my mac.
great!!. works so well. love how easy it is to use, love how seamless the app works as well as the computer version. so easy to send invoices via email. was so happy when i found out easy it is to use!
bad update. befoe you used to record bank feed but no more! this update ruined the quickbooks app
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
awesome!. great job! better late then never! we are an ipad company and we have to keep a bunch of pcs around just to enter our qb data. now we can finally ditch a couple of the pcs. looking forward to more updates on this app! us small business owners need full functionality plus more from our qb app. the features i would like to see on future updates: - customer can sign invoice in the field - can print invoices and reports via airprint - access to our balance sheet - custom date options on p&l and other reports - build in payroll into this one app
solid for business. great app for a small non-profit. easy to navigate and i appreciate the prompts!
amazing app. excellent service?
small biz owner. i can't function without this app. perfect for the owner on wheels and phones constantly.
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
waste of resources. so you have just put out an update saying how exciting that you have changed the layout and fonts... big whoop!! how about getting the program right first. as in the features that the web version do. bundled items can’t be seen or edited in the app you have to log into the web interface. etc etc. posting a premium rate per month yet you can’t add basic features. priority people!! oh wow a new font .... pfffft! :(
great. great app for on the go use
phone app fail. what ever opinion you have of qbo ... the phone app fails. it will not let you see the estimates and invoices for a customer. they exist, in your system but they do not show up in the app. everything else.... any other feature discussion... it's all irrelevant. if you can't view basic customer info, the app fails.
job costing would be great. my only complaint is that i don't have the ability to truly categorize expenses and income by the job. i use the locations feature, and it is a decent work around, but not quite as seamless as other software. i love the app for field access!
nothing syncs. i manage 7 companies with qb online. i recommend qb online to anyone managing a company's finances. this app, however is not good. if you have jobs or sub customers or sub items, they don't sync. invoices paid show as overdue if that customer is a sub customer or is an inactive or deleted customer. void an invoice online, not so fast. it's still there in the app. i tested this app briefly and bought an ipad to be able to manage companies with a quick app interface, not so smart. bottom line, the app needs updates. beware, the data it portrays is not accurate. your customers are not past due so don't call them, they already paid! the app is worthless unless you want to manage a company in its simplest form only using this app. i think an artist at an art fair, a lawn mowing company, a small simple company could use this app and an ipad and be completely mobile.
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
amazing that i can make invoices and take payments literally anywhere with cell service.. i think it's an amazing app. the only downfall is i can't add invoices from vendors that i haven't paid yet. only expenses that are already paid. hence the 4 stars. if they had that feature it would be a five star for sure.
easy to use. a simple easy app that keeps everything in one place
nothing good to say. nothing good to say about the app, the cloud version or the mac version of quickbooks. and i’ve used every version they hawked at me. some business don’t have inventory and sell products. and they just need a simple software solution to manage expenses and bill time and material and labor, send estimates and write checks. everything else rendered absolutely unnecessary. even the most “basic” version offered by them is still crowded with absolutely ridiculous and unnecessary features and you have to pay for them. and the apps interface is way to complicated and lacking because of it. and the visiting the mobile site is no better. i just honestly don’t see how so many people are complacent.
responsive to feature request. we have enjoyed the transition from the desktop qb to qb online. the qb app was one of the deciding factors. in the last version of the app, we made a request for bank feed updates that can be initiated from the app - such updates are already a standard feature in qb online. well, just a couple of weeks later, the latest qb app has the requested feature. we were likely one of many making the request. 5 stars to the qb team for being responsive. we are happy customers. now, if we could only get a discount in the online version for having multiple business accounts...
"not bad, very useful. i hated using the full desktop version, so the online version was a pleasant surprise to me. i don't think the mobile app alone will be very useful to many people, but, unused in conjunction with the desktop app (still an online, light version of the full desktop version with payroll, but enough for most businesses that don't need that.) the mobile app allows you to create customers, invoice them and receive a payment (and post it) all quite quickly. i figured it out while at a customer's place, only took a couple of minutes. you can then email it right to them, and print, all from your mobile device, providing you have an airprint printer (not sure if it queues it ready for when you get back to base or not, but it would be great if it did. one of the more powerful features, if you're brave enough, is the ability to link it to your bank accounts. that allows you to go through your transactions, receive payments, post expenditures to relevant accounts. one really neat aspect is that it will remember the vendor and account, and, by default, post the expense to the same account. if you've run a purchase order, or invoice, and it's a unique amount in the bank account, it will highlight it as a match, so you don't have to go looking for the transaction. ""accept,"" and you're done. also supports square, as in, reconciles transactions (haven't used that yet.) a big con is having to login fairly frequently, and without rhyme or reason. using an iphone generated password allows you to add it to your keychain, but it does not always automatically log you in, or use fingerprint, which is a bit of a bummer. you can, at least, paste the password from its place in the keychain/passwords file in settings. overall, great for productivity, once it's set up. i would like to see the ability to use the camera to scan barcodes, which can be married up to sku items - e.g., as you are billing a customer onsite, scan the sku of the items you are selling them."
ios 13 not supported. the app will not even start!
awesome business app. real time saver with awesome easy features that makes book keeping a breeze.
pretty app, but not up to the job.. i downloaded this app to look at it for a client. i was disappointed that it would not process supplier invoices and could not handle banking accumulated cash. it seems to handle vat alright but it does not produce a report to help you put you fill in your vat return online. on the plus side the sales invoicing is smooth, although i had a minor issue with a technical error. i like the ability to review the status of your customer and supplier accounts and manage business contacts. the ability to e-mail contacts from the supplier/customer interface is useful. overall if this was sold as a sales control app with additional functionality i might not have been as disappointed as i was. i hope intuit get their act together and upgrade this soon as it has the potential to be very good.
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoices/estimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
big help but needs more. the accessability of the mobile app is a very nice feature. i love to scan and enter receipts right when i make purchases. i switched from the desktop version to the mobile version but i was not aware of the major changes in the platform. the desktop version does so many more things than the mobile version does. overall it's worth using the mobile app. i discovered i was losing thousands of dollars in deductions per year because i was losing receipts in the field. my cpa is much happier with me now.
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
good but frustrating.. no access to vendor information or purchase orders on an iphone or ipad. have complained about this for nearly 2 years. falling on deaf ears. they agree that it would make sense but there is no one that gives a *%!£ to do anything. 3/13/2017 have now a problem accessing qb online since yesterday. download company on either the iphone or ipad takes an hour or more and on certain devices never will. customer service doesn't have a clue what is happening. we have all gone multiple resets and all other aspects of the devices operate correctly. extremely upsetting on an extremely busy monday.
aka labels. great app. highly recommended
rejected xero and wave. wave is excellent, especially the receipt ocr, but it can't handle payroll in australia. i had xero for a previous business but, now, they have priced it out of the ball park for small businesses. it's simply too expensive. quickbooks is ticking all of the boxes for my business so far...both the app and the desktop. early days but, so far, the interfaces seems well laid out, stable, intuitive and easy to use. i'm trialling a minutedock integration, being a consultant charging by the minute, so i hope that works as it should.
amazing. great app. changed my life and vastly helped with my business. very smart and useful program. highly recommend!
qb app !!!. love the app ! now with the new update i can log in with touch id :))) how fan, and saving much time.
great app!!. i love it! this program has totally transformed our family business!!
great job. great app. very well designed and very user friendly
needs to improve. i've used qb for years but this is the first time i've used the online version. best bit for me is the storage of receipts and invoices in the cloud and the ability to enter expenses on the app. as i'm away a lot that feature is excellent. the invoicing feature is good as well. the not so good bit..... why can't you enter bills via the app?? i get bills when i'm away in the same way i issue invoice and pay for expenses so why not bills. it means i have to remember them when i get home which sometimes doesn't happen. the app requires an internet connection to function so when not have an offline function so you can record expenses for instancewhich would then upload when a connection was available.
great app. rich in features and great for staying on top of things whilst on the go
so efficient. love this software, especially the app!
nice, but not as good as it could be. great for staying on top of purchases. but, it's too cumbersome to move around within the app efficiently. needs to have the ability to post deposits and merchandise returns/credits from within the app.
great app. intuit is rewiting the eay we do accounting and genera finance for small companies, keep it ip
constantly having to sign in!. i wish quickbooks could figure out how to not have the app constantly make me reenter my password.
"quickbooks customer service is atrocious. i run a small business. i did all my invoicing and accounting through quickbooks. i paid for 14 months for this service. now i have to find a new service, reload all my client data for over a couple years, all the items that were saved as line items for invoicing and other things as well. here's the story: customer for over a year. my credit card gets stolen. no big deal. there is a 6 day lapse in payment while my new card is in the mail. i update my itunes account and make sure all of my subscriptions are paid and current. the app proceeds for 2 weeks to tell me that i don't have a subscription anymore and eventually locks me out. the app will not sync with itunes to see my paid subscription. i spent an hour on the phone with apple, they can't do anything. i spent 2 hours on the phone with quickbooks for them almost verbatim to tell me that if i don't cancel my subscription on itunes and pay directly to them (it's $3 more a month) that it'll never work again and that ""while we want your business you don't have enough of a history for us to do anything"". i call apple back and after an hour on the phone they refund me two months, tell me to file a dispute for the last year with my credit card company, report the app and write my experience in the apps review section. stay far, far, far away from this company. they are awful and i will make sure that i tell everyone i can to stay far away from them as well."
incredibily bad customer service. i would not recommend quickbooks to anyone. i have experiences extremely bad customer service. despite providing to them that i have paid my subscription, and showing them evidence that the renewal of the subscription is valid until mid june, they are still not convinced and are refusing to activate my service. i am going to provide a negative review every day until i get a result. appaling service. ive never experienced anything this bad in my life. for weeks now i am unable to invoice my clients. i do not recommend quickbooks. avoid them. glen walters.
incompatible with ios 9. this app is great in ios 8 and even supports touch id. however, it does not work in ios 9 and needs an immediate update.
crash error crash error. quickbooks is a four outta five platform, this app is a one... signs me out and crashes more than once a day!
great app. far easier to use than desktop quickbooks. great software
missing tons of company data. i have no idea how this app has such a high review. i’ve been using qb online for years and installed the app to work remotely. a huge portion of my transactions and customer files are not accessible from the app. they either won’t load or simply do not exist on the app. upon contacting customer support i was told, “sorry but the app is a bit glitchy and we don’t foresee a fix anytime soon.” qb online advertises itself as a remote solution for bookkeeping, but it is impossible to run a business without being able to access all company files.
easy to use, innovative and mobile friendly. we have been using qb at australiance.com for almost a year and i would not go back to my previous accounting software. the interface with paypal works well and save heaps of time for our online sales. it s easy to create expenses (e.g. business lunches etc), quotes or invoices on the go with the app + always know your bank account position as it interfaces directly with it.
limited features. i’m not sure why quickbooks decided to create an app that is so much different than the web version or the mac version. errors and limited information is all this thing is good for. and, if you decide you would rather just use the website, you pretty much get redirected to this junky app.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20/month to use this software across all my devices.
joke. quickbooks online is almost like a bad joke compared to quickbooks desktop. the app is even worse and does not even work properly so that it is reliable and can be used. so quickbooks online has many features missing from quickbooks desktop and the quickbooks mobile app is missing even more features from quickbooks online. so if you are a previous quickbooks user prepared to be seriously disappointed. you would think that if intuit does not want bad reviews for quickbooks online, they would warn everyone that it is not even close to being a desktop version, but they don't warn you. so okay tension to all these bad reviews, because they're all true.
pants app! does not refresh, to many glitches!. poor show on the app! creates more work for me then needed, stick to logging in online. far easier than trying to refresh the app manually, i'll get grey before i can do any accounting with this app!!
help with my subscription. it says error downloading product information
app problems. okay!! so for like 2 years, your app will not configure with the desktop version and none of the email addresses get updated. so in my case, i had been sending invoices to the wrong person and couldn't figure out why i wasn't getting paid? fix this like it used to work 3 years ago
love this app!! definitely recommend!!. i am a freelancer and have found this app very useful as a companion to my qb online! i dare say i might like to use the app more than the ol version (except that the app doesn't do all that the full version does online) but for about $12/month for qb online and the ability to use this app.. i love it!! the app is so user friendly and visually appealing.. easy to use! makes invoicing my clients and getting paid a breeze! i can even attach a photo copy of the work i did to their invoice. so helpful!
app has low functionality. quickbook rocks but the app has very limited functionality leaving it as something not helpful to review reports
